A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the FIFTH SESSION of the EIGHTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1863.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the FIFTH Session of the EIGHTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and to settle certain Annuities on Her Royal Highness. 1

II. An Act to make Provision concerning Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable in the Metropolis on the Day appointed for the Passage through the Metropolis of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark. 2

III. An Act to extend the Credit for Payment of a Portion of the Excise Duty on Malt. 3

IV. An Act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Act of the last Session. 4

V. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers. 5

VI. An Act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three. 5

VII. An Act for altering the Duties on Tobacco, and permitting the Manufacture of Cavendish and Negrohead in Bond, 7

VIII. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 12

IX. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 54

X. An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Salmon at certain Times. 91

XI. An Act for the Registration of Births and Deaths in Ireland. 91

XII. An Act to abolish the Office of Secretary at War, and to transfer the Duties of that Office to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. 106

XIII. An Act for the Protection of certain Garden or Ornamental Grounds in Cities and Boroughs. 107

XIV. An Act to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks. 110S

XV. An Act to apply the Sum of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three. 112

XVI. An Act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three. 114

XVII. An Act for amending the Local Government Act (1858). 115

XVIII. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 117

XIX. An Act to amend the Law relative to the Sale of Hares in Ireland. 118

XX. An Act to further limit and define the Time for proceeding to Election during the Recess. 118

XXI. An Act to amend the Law enabling Boards of Guardians to recover Costs of Maintenance of illegitimate Children in certain Cases in Ireland. 118

XXII. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. 120

XXIII. An Act to alter the Boundaries of New Zealand. 124

XXIV. An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Vice Admirals and of Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, and to confirm the past Proceedings, to extend the Jurisdiction, and to amend the Practice of those Courts. 124

XXV. An Act to make further Provision for the Investment of the Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt from the Trustees of Savings Banks established under the Enactments of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two. 128

XXVI. An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Land in Ireland. 131

XXVII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland. 134

XXVIII. An Act to give further Facilities to the Holders of the Public Stocks. 138

XXIX. An Act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament 142

XXX. An Act to authorize further Harbour Regulations for the Protection of Her Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, and Naval Stations. 146

XXXI. An Act for the Government of the Cayman Islands. 147

XXXII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858) relating to the Districts of Basford, Teignmouth, Kingston-upon-Hull, Nottingham, Bradford, Ryde, Bedford, Croydon, Batley, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Sheerness, and Bromsgrove. 149

XXXIII. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Inland Revenue; and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. 181

XXXIV. An Act to carry into effect an additional Article to the Treaty of the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, between Her Majesty and the United States of America, for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade. 186

XXXV. An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects in South Africa. 187

XXXVI. An Act for carrying into effect the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State of the Dioceses of Canterbury, London, Winchester, and Rochester; and for other Purposes. 189

XXXVII. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 190

XXXVIII. An Act to amend the Act for placing the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Act. 202

XXXIX. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners. 203

XL. An Act for the Regulation of Bakehouses. 204

XLI. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability of Innkeepers, and to prevent certain Frauds upon them. 206

XLII. An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria, authorizing the Sale of Mill Sites and Water Powers by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland. 207

XLIII. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to sell and otherwise dispose of Land. 208

XLIV. An Act for the further Security of the Persons of Her Majesty's Subjects from personal Violence. 209

XLV. An Act for making a new Street from Blackfriars to the Mansion House in the City of London in connexion with the Embankment of the River Thames on the Northern Side of that River, and for other Purposes. 210

XLVI. An Act for further continuing and appropriating the London Coal and Wine Duties. 215

XLVII. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Courts of the Church of Scotland, and extending the Powers of the said Courts. 216

XLVIII. An Act to repeal the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service. 218

XLIX. An Act giving Power to sell and dispose of Lands, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed thereto, and to regulate future Grants of Leases of the Possessions of the said Duchy; and for other Purposes. 219

L. An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to amend the said Act. 233

LI. An Act to amend the Passengers Act, 1855. 234

LII. An Act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland. 239

LIII. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 243

LIV. An Act for vesting in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department certain Lands and Hereditaments at Walmer in the County of Kent. 244

LV. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board for a limited Period. 245

LVI. An Act to make perpetual an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. 246

LVII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, and to make like Provision for the Cases of Desertion and Insanity, and other Cases. 246

LVIII. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charity of Sir Robert Hitcham, Knight, King's Serjeant, for the Benefit of Framlingham, Debenham, and Levington, in the County of Suffolk, and of Coggeshall in the County of Essex. 256

LIX. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charities in the Borough of Ruthin in the County of Denbigh, comprising the Hospital of Christ and its subsidiary Endowments, the Grammar School, Edward Lloyd's Foundation, and Bishop Goodman's Charity. 258

LX. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Leith. 265

LXI. An Act to prevent Waywardens contracting for Works within their own District. 267

LXII, An Act to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing Crops in Ireland. 268

LXIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Land Drainage Act, 1861. 268

LXIV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Plymouth, Holywell, Llanelly, West Ham, Worthing, Aberavon, and Wallasey. 273

LXV. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Volunteer Force in Great Britain. 285

LXVI. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland. 302

LXVII. An Act to enable Provision to be made out of the Funds of Greenwich Hospital for the Widows of Seamen and Marines slain, killed, or drowned in the Sea Service of the Crown. 303

LXVIII. An Act to extend the Powers of the Act relating to the Main Drainage of the Metropolis. 304

LXIX. An Act to establish Officers of the Royal Naval Reserve. 305

LXX. An Act to facilitate the Execution of Public Works in certain Manufacturing Districts; to authorize for that Purpose Advances of Public Money to a limited Amount upon Security of Local Rates; and to shorten the Period for the Adoption of The Local Government Act, 1858, in certain Cases. 306

LXXI. An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour. 314

LXXII. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Howth. 321

LXXIII. An Act to give further Facilities to the Holders of India Stock. 323

LXXIV. An Act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Branch Mint at Sydney, New South Wales, a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 326

LXXV. An Act for the Embankment of Part of the River Thames, on the South Side thereof, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and for other Purposes. 327

LXXVI. An Act to determine the Time at which Letters Patent shall take effect in the Colonies. 334

LXXVII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Jurisdiction of Justices residing or being out of the County for which they are Justices. 335

LXXVIII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames. 336

LXXIX. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Religious Instruction of Prisoners in County and Borough Prisons in England and Scotland. 349

LXXX. An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of erecting a Central Arsenal. 350

LXXXI. An Act to amend, so far a regards Advances for the Purposes of "The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," certain of the Acts authorizing the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor. 357

LXXXII. An Act to empower the Bishops of Welsh Dioceses to facilitate the making Provision for English Services in certain Parishes in Wales. 358

LXXXIII. An Act to define the Boundaries of the Colony of British Columbia, and to continue an Act to provide for the Government of the said Colony. 359

LXXXIV. An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures. 360

LXXXV. An Act to give Relief to Persons who may refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings in Scotland. 360

LXXXVI. An Act to authorize the taking of Harbour Dues at Port Erin in the Isle of Man, in order to provide a Fund for the Improvement of the Harbour; and for other Purposes. 361

LXXXVII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. 364

LXXXVIII. An Act to enable Landed Proprietors to construct Works for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in Ireland. 384

LXXXIX. An Act for the further Amendment of the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons, Natives of Ireland, from England. 406

XC. An Act to provide for the Registration of Marriages in Ireland. 410

XCI. An Act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts. 415

XCII. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Railways. 415

XCIII. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Waterworks. 426

XCIV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Repair of Turnpike Roads in England, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. 430

XCV. An Act for continuing various expiring Acts. 435

XCVI. An Act to amend the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act (1851), and the Petty Sessions Clerks (Ireland) Act (1858). 436

XCVII. An Act to enable Cities, Towns, and Boroughs of Twenty-five thousand Inhabitants and upwards to appoint Stipendiary Magistrates. 437

XCVIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 440

XCIX. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 445

C. An Act to render Owners of Dogs in Scotland liable in certain Cases for Injuries done Dy their Dogs to Sheep and Cattle. 468

CI. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes. 468

CII. An Act to reduce the Duty on Rum in certain Cases. 494

CIII. An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases of Misappropriation by Servants of the Property of their Masters. 495

CIV. An Act for continuing certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Blackpool, Deal and Walmer, Exmouth, Rosehearty, Ilfracombe, Instow, Bangor, Chatham, Bray, Dartmouth, and Nairn. 497

CV. An Act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum. 576

CVI. An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses. 576

CVII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 577

CVIII. An Act to extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Scotland. 580

CIX. An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Law relating to the Removal of Prisoners in Scotland. 587

CX. An Act to amend the Lunacy Acts in relation to the building of Asylums for Pauper Lunatics. 588

CXI. An Act to amend The Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society Winding-up Act, 1861. 588

CXII. An Act to regulate the Exercise of Powers under Special Acts for the Construction and Maintenance of Telegraphs. 589

CXIII. An Act to prohibit the Sale and Use of poisoned Grain or Seed. 603

CXIV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Fisheries in Ireland. 604

CXV. An Act to explain the Act for the Amendment of the Law relative to gratuitous Trustees in Scotland. 611

CXVI. An Act to provide for the Appointment of Navy Prize Agents, and respecting their Duties and Remuneration. 612

CXVII. An Act to amend the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, with respect to the Seizure of diseased and unwholesome Meat. 615

CXVIII. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to the Constitution and Management of Companies incorporated for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature. 616

CXIX. An Act to prevent false Representations as to Grants of Medals or Certificates made by the Commissioners for the Exhibitions of 1851 and 1862. 622

CXX. An Act for the Augmentation of certain Benefices, the Right of Presentation to which is vested in the Lord Chancellor. 623

CXXI. An Act to establish the Validity of Acts performed in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad by certain Clergymen ordained in Foreign Parts, and to extend the Powers of Colonial Legislatures with respect to such Clergymen. 632

CXXII. An Act to enable Her Majesty in Council to make Alterations in the Circuits of the Judges. 633

CXXIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to District Parochial Churches in Ireland. 634

CXXIV. An Act for the more effectual Condensation of Muriatic Acid Gas in Alkali Works. 635

CXXV. An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary. 699

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for stopping up certain Streets and widening other Streets in the Borough of Cambridge. v

ii. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

iii. An Act to grant further Powers to the Berks and Hants Extension Railway Company.

iv. An Act for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough in the County of Leicester; and for other Purposes.

v. An Act for enabling the London and North-western and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies to raise further Monies for Purposes connected with the North Union Railway and the Preston and Wyre Railway, Harbour, and Dock; and for other Purposes.

vi. An Act for conferring further Powers on the South Staffordshire Railway Company with respect to their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

vii. An Act to regulate the Mode of Valuation of certain underground Gas Pipes or Works ihr the City of Glasgow, for the Purpose of Assessments under "The Glasgow Police Act, 1862," in conformity with the Provisions of "The General Police and Improvement, (Scotland) Act, 1862."

viii. An Act for lighting with Gas Leyland and Farington, and other Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, in Lancashire.

ix. An Act to enable the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

x. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Deviation of their Rutherglen and Coatbridge Branch in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

xi. An Act to enable the Scarborough Waterworks Company to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

xii. An Act to enable the Harrogate Gas Company to raise additional Capital; to extend their Limits for supplying Gas; to repeal, amend, and extend the Act relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

xiii. An Act to confer upon the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea farther Powers for the Improvement and Regulation of the Markets and Fairs in the said Borough, and also for commuting or disposing of certain Quayage and Town Dues now payable in the said Borough, and for the better Government and Regulation of the said Borough.

xiv. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xv. An Act to enable the Leeds Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Mpney, to extend their Limits of Supply; and for other Purposes.

xvi. An Act to enable the Right Honourable William Earl of Lonsdale to make and maintain a Wet Dock at Workington in the County of Cumberland, and a Railway therefrom to join the Whitehaven Junction Railway, in lieu of the Dock or Tidal Basin and Railway authorized by the "Workington Dock Act, 1861;" and for other Purposes.

xvii. An Act for better supplying the Town of Denbigh and Neighbourhood thereof with Water, and for other Purposes.

xviii. An Act to incorporate the North Bierley Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited, and to make further Provision for lighting North Bierley and other Townships and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof with Gas.

xix. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the more effectually repairing and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Pant Evan Brook in the County of Flint to Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and thence to Conway Ferry House in the County of Carnarvon.

xx. An Act for enabling the Vale of Llangollen Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxi. An Act to reduce and regulate the Capital of the Van Diemen's Land Company.

xxii. An Act for providing a Cattle Market in the City of Peterborough, and for other Purposes.

xxiii. An Act to incorporate a Company for holding a Market and Fairs in the Town and Parish of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham; and for other Purposes.

xxiv. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from Carstairs to join the Leadburn, Linton, and Dolphinton Railway; and for other Purposes.

xxv. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to widen and improve certain Portions of their Lesmahagow Branches; to make a Deviation and Extension in connexion therewith; to substitute Bridges for certain level Crossings on their Main Line and on the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway; to alter certain Roads, improve and enlarge certain Stations and other Works, and acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

xxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Glasgow, Barrhead, and Neilston Direct Railway to Busby, with a Branch to Busby Print Works, in the Counties of Renfrew and Lanark; and for other Purposes.

xxvii. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Penzance to Saint Just in Penrith in the County of Cornwall, with Branches, and for the Adoption, Alteration, and Improvement, for the Purposes thereof, of certain public Highways; and for other Purposes.

xxviii. An Act to continue the Cleeve and Evesham Turnpike Trust in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

xxix. An Act to amend "The Hamilton Waterworks Act, 1854," and to authorize the raising of a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads comprised in the Flint, Holywell, and Mostyn Districts of Roads; and for reviving and extending the Powers for the Construction of certain new Roads; and for other Purposes.

xxxi. An Act to extend the Time for completing the Cleveland Railway; to authorize the Cleveland Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money, and the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company to hold additional Shares; and for other Purposes.

xxxii. An Act to enable the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway Company to extend their Railway from Invergordon in the County of Ross to Tain and Bonar Bridge in the same County; and for other Purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to enable the Local Board of Health for the District of Rugby in the County of Warwick to provide a better Supply of Water for the Inhabitants of that District and its Neighbourhood; and for other Purposes.

xxxiv. An Act for better supplying with Water the Towns of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and for amending and consolidating the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Whittle Dean Water Company.

xxxv. An Act for more effectually supplying Water to the Town of Great Grimsby, and several Places near thereto.

xxxvi. An Act to authorize the Accrington Gas and Water Works Company to extend their Gasworks and Waterworks, and their Limits of Supply; to raise additional Monies; and for other Purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to authorize the Surrey Consumers Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

xxxviii. An Act for more completely merging in the Undertaking of the Caledonian Railway Company the Railways known as the Granton Branches, and for raising Money to widen and improve the same, and for other Purposes.

xxxix. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Desford Turnpike Road, being the Road branching out of the Leicester and Welford Road at Foston Lane to the Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby-de-la-Zouch at Osbaston Toll Gate in the County of Leicester.

xl. An Act for enabling the Newtown and Machynlleth Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xli. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Nottingham Gas Company, and to enable that Company to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

xlii. An Act for enabling the Cockermouth and Workington Railway Company to execute further Works; and for amending the Acts relating to their Railway.

xliii. An Act for making a Tramway in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton, and for other Purposes.

xliv. An Act for extending the Limits within which the Maidstone Waterworks Company may supply Water, and for authorizing them to provide additional Works and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

xlv. An Act for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Dungarvan; for vesting the Markets of that Town in the Town Commissioners of Dungarvan, and for enabling the said Commissioners to extend and regulate the same; for the Transfer from the Grand Jury of the County of Waterford to the said Commissioners of the Management of the Roads and Bridges in the said Town; for the Improvement of the said Town; and for other Purposes.

xlvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a new public Road from Battersea to Clapham, and for other Purposes.

xlvii. An Act for making an Extension of the Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway in the County of Renfrew, and a Pier in connexion therewith, in lieu of the Pier authorized by "The Greenock and Wemyss Bay Railway Act, 1862," and for other Purposes.

xlviii. An Act for making further Provision for the Drainage of the Marshland Smeeth and Fen District in the Country of Marshland in the County of Norfolk, and for other Purposes.

xlix. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Wear Navigation and Sunderland Docks, and to authorize the making of additional Works, and for other Purposes.

l. An Act for authorizing the Cowes and Newport Railway Company to raise farther Monies.

li. An Act to continue the Cheltenham Turnpike Trust in the County of Gloucester, and for other Purposes.

lii. An Act for extending the District of the Local Board of Health for the District of Sowerby Bridge in the West Riding of the County of York; to enable them to contract for Water and supply the District therewith; to amend the Acts relating to the District; and for other Purposes.

liii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge in Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church to Rempstone in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

liv. An Act to enable the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to extend the North River Wall at Liverpool, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

lv. An Act to incorporate the Mercantile Marine Service Association of Liverpool, and to enable them the better to carry on their beneficial Designs.

lvi. An Act to enable the Cork and Kinsale Junction Railway Company to raise additional Money, and to contribute to an Hotel at Kinsale; and for other Purposes.

lvii. An Act for more effectually lighting with Gas the Parishes of Gravesend, Milton, and Northfleet, in the County of Kent.

lviii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Perth and Dunkeld Railway Company with the Inverness and Perth Junction Railway Company.

lix. An Act to continue the Abergavenny Turnpike Trust, excepting certain Roads, and for other Purposes.

lx. An Act to enable the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company to purchase additional Lands, and raise further Sums of Money; to confer Powers with respect to the West Somerset and Chard and Taunton Railways, and other Undertakings; to alter Rates and Charges; to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

lxi. An Act to enable the Inverness and Perth Junction Railway Company to make Deviations of their authorized Line of Railway, and for other Purposes.

lxii. An Act to authorize the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to rebuild Blackfriars Bridge.

lxiii. An Act for the making and maintaining of a Bridge over the River Mersey, to be called "Rixton and Warburton Bridge," with Roads thereto, and for other Purposes.

lxiv. An Act to enable the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway Company to extend their Railway from Lamplugh to join the Cockermouth and Workington Railway in the County of Cumberland; to divert and alter a Portion of the Frizington Branch Railway at Cleator Moor; to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxv. An Act for making a Railway from Fochabers to Garmouth, and for other Purposes.

lxvi. An Act for the Regulation and Management of certain Railways between Seaham and Sunderland in the County of Durham, the Construction of additional Railways in connexion therewith, the Acquisition of the Lands over which the same are or are to be constructed, and for other Purposes.

lxvii. An Act for making a Railway from Wareham to Swanage in the County of Dorset, and for other Purposes.

lxviii. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to construct new Works and acquire additional Lands in connexion with their Waterworks; to extend their Limits of Supply; to improve Piccadilly in Manchester; and for other Purposes.

lxix. An Act to authorize Arrangements between the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway Company, and the Lessees of their Undertaking, and the Eastern Counties and London and Blackwall Railway Companies, with reference to the Lease and Working of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Railway; and for other Purposes.

lxx. An Act for enabling the Southampton and Netley Railway Company to make a Deviation of their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

lxxi. An Act for the better Regulation of the Commons of the Manor of Rusthall, and the Rights therein of the Freehold Tenants of the Manor, and for other Purposes.

lxxii. An Act for the Improvement of Pembroke Township, comprising Baggotrath, Donnybrook, Sandymount, Ringsend, and Irishtown, in the Barony of Dublin and County of Dublin.

lxxiii. An Act for the Committal of Prisoners from the City and County of the City of Exeter to the Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Devon; and for the Sale and Disposal of the present Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter and the Land belonging thereto; and for other Purposes.

lxxiv. An Act for the Construction by the Midland Railway Company of a new Line of Railway between London and Bedford, with Branches therefrom; and for other Purposes.

lxxv. An Act for a Lease of the Undertaking of the Penarth Harbour, Dock, and Railway Company to the Taff Vale Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

lxxvi. An Act to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Mayo to present and recover Arrears of Grand Jury Cess upon said County, and upon certain Baronies thereof, in order to the Payment of Sums due to Contractors and others.

lxxvii. An Act for enabling the Central Wales Extension Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to make working and other Agreements with the London and Northwestern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lxxviii. An Act to enable the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Dublin to abandon a Portion of the Works authorized by "The Dublin Corporation Waterworks Act, 1861," and to construct and maintain other Works; and for other Purposes.

lxxix. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Knighton and the Central Wales Railway Companies; for authorizing Arrangements between those Companies, or either of them, and the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lxxx. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from the Mid- Wales Railway in the Parish of Saint Harmon in the County of Radnor to the Manchester and Milford Railway in the Parish of Llangurig in the County of Montgomery, and to enable the said Company to use the Brecon and Merthyr Junction Railways; and for other Purposes.

lxxxi. An Act to confer further Powers for embanking and reclaiming from the Sea the Estuary or Back Strand of Tramore in the County of Waterford; and to amend "The Tramore Embankment Act, 1852," and "The Tramore Embankment Act, 1858."

lxxxii. An Act to empower the Furness Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company to construct a Railway to be called "The Furness and Midland Railway;" and for other Purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act for authorizing the Saffron Walden Railway Company to make and maintain Railways to the Great Eastern Railway at Bartlow; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act for the Reclamation from the Sea of Waste Lands subject to be overflowed by the Tide near to Horsey Island on the Coast of Essex.

lxxxv. An Act to enable the Bishops Waltham Railway Company to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act to enable the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company to purchase Lands in the City and County of Dublin; to construct a Branch Railway in the County of Wicklow; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxvii. An Act for authorizing the Stockport District Waterworks Company to acquire existing Waterworks within their District, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

lxxxviii. An Act to enable the Ware, Hadham, and Buntingford Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxix. An Act for vesting the Harbour of Barrow in the County Palatine of Lancaster in the Furness Railway Company; for enabling the said Company to construct a Dock and other Works at Barrow, and to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

xc. An Act for authorizing the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of divers Railway Companies with the Undertaking of the London and South-western Railway Company; and divers Arrangements between that Company and other Companies and Bodies; and for other Purposes.

xci. An Act for supplying with Gas the Villages of Elsecar, Wentworth, and Hoyland, and Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York.

xcii. An Act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Coventry in the County of Warwick to erect a Market House in the said City.

xciii. An Act for making better Provision for the Management and Relief of the Poor in the City of Norwich and County of the same City.

xciv. An Act for incorporating the Skipton Gaslight and Coke Company, and for conferring upon them further Powers for the Supply of Gas to the Township of Skipton and certain neighbouring Townships in the West Riding of the County of York.

xcv. An Act for authorizing the Stourbridge Railway Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

xcvi. An Act for authorizing the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to make a Branch to Aberbechan, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xcvii. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xcviii. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Roads from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, and from Uttoxeter to or near the Village of Draycott-in-the-Clay, and from Hadley Plain on the late Forest or Chase of Needwood to Callingwood Plain on the same late Forest or Chase; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

xcix. An Act with respect to the Capital of the Cork and Youghal Railway Company, and to enable that Company to transfer their Undertaking.

c. An Act for the Improvement by the Coleraine Town Commissioners of the Navigation of the River Bann; and for other Purposes.

ci. An Act to authorize Arrangements between the Vestry and Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex for the Erection and Use of a Vestry Hall and Offices, to amend the Acts relating to such Workhouse and Parish, and for other Purposes.

cii. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Southampton and Itchen Floating Bridge and Roads to improve their present Works, and to establish a new Floating Jetty, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ciii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company.

civ. An Act to enable the Buckley Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

cv. An Act to enable the Launceston and South Devon Railway Company to make a Deviation of their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

cvi. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Birkenhead Improvement Commissioners, and to make Provisions with respect to their Mortgage Debts, and to enable them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cvii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier at Portbury in the County of Somerset, and of a Railway therefrom to the Bristol and Exeter Railway near Bristol, with a Branch Railway to Portishead; and for other Purposes.

cviii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway Company in relation to their Undertaking; to enable the London and North-western and the Stockton and Darlington Railway Companies to subscribe thereto; and for other Purposes relating thereto, and to the Cockermouth and Workington Railway.

cix. An Act for authorizing the making and maintaining of Lines of Railway to connect the Andover and Redbridge Railway with the London and South-western Railway, and for the Amalgamation of the Andover and Redbridge Railway with the London and Southwestern Railway; and for other Purposes.

cx. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the London and Northwestern Railway to Newport Pagnell, with Powers to purchase the Newport Pagnell Canal.

cxi. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks at Tranmere Pool in the County of Chester.

cxii. An Act to incorporate the Great Yarmouth Gas Company, and make further Provision for lighting the Town of Great Yarmouth and certain neighbouring Places with Gas.

cxiii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the West Midland Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the Ashchurch and Evesham Railway of the Midland Railway Company, in the Parish of Saint Lawrence, Evesham, in the County of Worcester, to the Redditch Railway at Redditch, with a Branch to the West Midland Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxv. An Act for regulating the Capital and Debenture Debt of the Charing Cross Railway Company; and for authorizing the Amalgamation of that Company with the South-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxvi. An Act to alter the Line of the Letterkenny Railway in the County of Donegal; to extend and enlarge the Powers of the Act relating to that Railway; and to authorize certain Arrangements with the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxvii. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the District of Rotherham and Kimberworth in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain an improved System of Waterworks for the Supply of the District and adjacent Places with Water; and for enabling the Board to purchase the existing Markets and Fairs within the District, and to establish new Markets and Fairs within the District, and to purchase and extinguish Dues and Duties paid and collected within the Town of Rotherham; and for amending Acts relating to the District; and for other Purposes.

cxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and South-western Railway to Seaton, otherwise Seaton-with-Beer, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

cxix. An Act for the Consolidation of the Acts relating to the Port and Harbour of the Town and County of Southampton, and of the Acts relating to the Southampton Pier, and for constituting One united Body or Harbour Board for such Port, Harbour, and Pier, with further Powers.

cxx. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Swansea and Neath Railway Company with the Vale of Neath Railway Company, and for authorizing the Vale of Neath Railway Company to make a further Line of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxxi. An Act for the Improvement of Blackrock, Monkstown, and Booterstown in the Baronies of Dublin and Rathdown and County of Dublin.

cxxii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company with the North-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to grant further Powers to the Belfast, Holywood, and Bangor Railway Company, and to extend the Time for the Completion of their Undertaking; to authorize Contributions towards a Quay and other Works at Bangor; and for other Purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to enable the Devon Valley Railway Company to create Preference Shares; to reduce the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxv. An Act to create a further Term in so much of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Turnpike Road as is within the County of Northumberland; to repeal, amend, and extend the Powers of the Act relating to the said Road; and for other Purposes.

cxxvi. An Act to enable the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money, and to execute further Works; and for other Purposes.

cxxvii. An Act to authorize the Leominster and Kington Railway Company to enter into Working Arrangements with, and to lease or sell their Railway to the West Midland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxviii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Anglesey, to be called "The Anglesey Central Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cxxix. An Act for authorizing the Okehampton Railway Company to extend their Railway from Okehampton to the Launceston and South Devon Railway near Lidford, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxxx. An Act to enable the Dulas Valley Mineral Railway Company to deviate Portions of their authorized Line; to make a Railway to Brecon; to change the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxxi. An Act to grant further Powers to the Watford and Rickmansworth Railway Company.

cxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Bristol and Birmingham Line of the Midland Railway at Stonehouse to Nailsworth in the County of Gloucester.

cxxxiii. An Act to extend the Time for the Completion of the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act to empower the Ringwood, Christchurch, and Bournemouth Railway Company to extend their Railway to Bournemouth; and for other Purposes.

cxxxv. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Turnpike Road from Wakefield to Aberford in the County of York.

cxxxvi. An Act to grant further Powers to the West Midland Railway Company, and to enable them to make a Branch Railway in the County of Glamorgan; and for other Purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make a Railway from Dorking to Leatherhead; and for other Purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act to authorize the Mid-Kent Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

cxxxix. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways in Glamorganshire, to be called "The Ogmore Valley Railways."

cxl. An Act to alter and amend the Acts relating to the Lands Improvement Company.

cxli. An Act for authorizing the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company to make and maintain further Lines of Railway and other Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxlii An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make Extensions and Alterations of their Railways authorized by "The London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway (New Lines) Act, 1862," and other Works; and for other Purposes.

cxliii. An Act to authorize the Tendring Hundred Railway Company to extend their Railway to Weeley and Walton in Essex.

cxliv. An Act to enable the Tees Conservancy Commissioners to purchase additional Lands; to alter existing and impose new Tolls, Rates, and Duties; to confer additional Powers for raising Money; to repeal and amend the existing Acts of the Commissioners; to confer additional Powers; and for other Purposes.

cxlv. An Act to enable the West Shropshire Mineral Railway Company to make a Deviation and a new Railway, and to make Agreements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to enable the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to alter their authorized Line; to purchase the Barnsley Coal Railway; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

cxlvii. An Act to grant to the Great Northern Railway Company certain Powers with respect to the Stockport and Woodley Junction, Cheshire Midland, Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction, West Cheshire, and Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railways; and for other Purposes.

cxlviii. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to use the Railway of the Ayr and Maybole Junction Railway Company, and for other Purposes relating to that Railway.

cxlix. An Act to enable the Scottish Central Railway Company to make Branches to Plean Mineral Fields; and for other Purposes.

cl. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the County of York to Oldham in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said County of York, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches to communicate therewith, and granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

cli. An Act for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to construct a Railway from their Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Dudley Line in the Parish of West Bromwich to the South Staffordshire Railway in the Parish of Tipton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

clii. An Act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway at Boxmoor to Hemel Hempsted in the County of Hertford; and for other Purposes.

cliii. An Act to grant further Powers to the Portadown, Dungannon, and Omagh Junction Railway Company; to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

cliv. An Act for regulating the Debenture Debt and Capital of the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

clv. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Tamworth in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Harrington Bridge (heretofore Sawley Ferry) in the said County of Leicester to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane leading to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid; and for granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

clvi. An Act for continuing the Term and amending and extending the Provisions of the Act relating to the Road from the Bottom of Kirkgate to the Bottom of Westgate, both in the Parish of Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

clvii. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make a Junction Line of Railway to connect the Glasgow and Paisley Joint Line of Railway with the Paisley and Renfrew Railway and other Works; and for other Purposes.

clviii. An Act to authorize the North Staffordshire Railway Company to make certain Railways at Burton-upon-Trent, and from their Railway at Burslem to their Railway at Cheddleton, and to acquire Station Lands at Burton and Uttoxeter; and for other Purposes.

clix. An Act for incorporating "The Teign Valley Railway Company," and for authorising them to make and maintain "The Teign Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes

clx. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland to the Town of Ballaghaderreen; and for other Purposes.

clxi. An Act for enabling the Law Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in their own Name; and for making further Provision with respect to the Investment of their Monies; and for other Purposes.

clxii. An Act to enable the Galway Town Improvement Commissioners to construct Waterworks, and obtain a Supply of Water for the Town of Galway; and for other Purposes.

clxiii. An Act to revive the Powers for the Purchase of Lands, and to extend the Time for the Completion of Works, authorized by "The Milford Haven Dock and Railway Act, 1860;" and for other Purposes.

clxiv. An Act to authorize the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to construct a Railway to connect their Railway with the Scottish North-eastern Railway at Aberdeen.

clxv. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to acquire certain additional Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

clxvi. An Act to enable the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to extend their Railway from Newcastle-Emlyn to Cardigan.

clxvii. An Act to enable the Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds Railway Company to make a Railway to Methley in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

clxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Radstock to Bristol, together with Branches therefrom to Camerton and other Places; and for other Purposes.

clxix. An Act for extending the Limits within which the Lowestoft Water, Gas, and Market Company may supply Water and Gas, and for authorizing them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

clxx. An Act for extending the Banff, Portsoy, and Strathisla Railway to Portgordon; and for other Purposes.

clxxi. An Act for making a Railway from the Aberdare Railway in the Parish of Aberdare in the County of Glamorgan, with a Branch therefrom, to be called "The Dare Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

clxxii. An Act to authorize the Hammersmith and City Railway Company to make another Junction with the Great Western Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxiii. An Act to extend the Time for making the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.

clxxiv. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and in the City and County of the City of Lichfield, to be called "The Birmingham and Sutton Coldfield Extension Railway"; and for other Purposes.

clxxv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Tramroad from the South-eastern Railway at Hastings to Hastings Harbour.

clxxvi. An Act to provide additional Powers for the Completion of certain Approach Roads to Wexford Free Bridge; and for other Purposes.

clxxvii. An Act to empower the London and North-western Railway Company to make new Branch Railways, and to abandon Part of the Chelford and Knutsford Line of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Eastern Railway at Mistley to Walton-on-the-Naze in the County of Essex; and for other Purposes.

clxxix. An Act to enable the Bala and Dolgelley Railway Company to construct additional Works at Dolgelley in the County of Merioneth; to amend the Acts relating to the Company; and to authorize certain Arrangements with the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

clxxx. An Act for incorporating the Frieston Reclamation Company; and for authorizing them to reclaim certain Lands in the Estuary of the Wash; and for other Purposes.

clxxxi. An Act for authorizing the Madras Irrigation and Canal Company to keep separate Accounts; and for other Purposes.

clxxxii. An Act for the Construction by the Midland Railway Company of a new Railway in the City of Bristol; and for other Purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct new Railways and Works, and to acquire additional Lands in the West Riding of the County of York, and in the Counties of Derby, Warwick, Leicester, Gloucester, the City of Worcester, Nottingham, the Town of Nottingham, and Northampton; and for other Purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to enable "The Trustees of Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation" to form a new Cut for diverting the Channel of the River Ouse, and to construct a Road, Tramway, and other Works for the Improvement of the said Harbour and Navigation, and for other Purposes.

clxxxv. An Act for making Railways from the Worcester and Hereford Line of the West Midland Railway Company through the Forest of Dean to the Coleford, Monmouth, Usk, and Pontypool Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act to enable the Colne Valley and Halstead Railway Company to increase their Capital, to use Part of the Great Eastern Railway at Haverhill; and for other Purposes with respect to the same Company.

clxxxvii. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh Water Company to introduce an additional Supply of Water to the City of Edinburgh and Town and Port of Leith and Places adjacent; and for other Purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act to enable the Banff, Macduff, and Turriff Extension Railway Company to extend their Railway from the Bridge of Banff to the Harbour of Macduff; and for other Purposes.

clxxxix. An Act to authorize the Formartine and Buchan Railway Company to abandon the authorized Extension to Fraserburgh, and to make another Line instead thereof; also to make a new Road in connexion with the Peterhead Extension; and for other Purposes.

cxc. An Act to amend "The Great Eastern Railway Act, 1862," and to confer Powers in reference to the Undertakings of the Great Eastern, the Waveney Valley, the Lynn and Hunstanton, and the Bishop Stortford, Dunmow, and Braintree Railways; and for other Purposes.

cxci. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway from Spalding to the Great Eastern Railway at March in Cambridgeshire.

cxcii. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make a new Line of Railway at Croydon, and a Tramway at Newhaven; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

cxciii. An Act to amend "The Lynn and Sutton Bridge Railway Act, 1861."

cxciv. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to raise more Money; and an Amalgamation with them of the Wansbeck Railway Company; and for other Purposes,

cxcv. An Act for making a Railway from a Point near to Eskbank Station on the Line of the Hawick Branch of the North British Railway to Springfield in the Parish of Lasswade and County of Edinburgh, to be called "The Esk Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cxcvi. An Act to enable the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation from the Line of Railway first authorized by "The Brecon and Merthyr Railway Act, 1862," and to improve the Access to their Brecon Station; and for other Purposes.

cxcvii. An Act for making and maintaining Bridges over the River Thames at Hampton and Shepperton; and for other Purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the South Wales Railway Company with the Great Western and West Midland Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

cxcix. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Ely Valley Extension Railway; and for other Purposes.

cc. An Act to revive the Powers for the Purchase of Land, and for the Completion of the Milford Railway, and to raise further Capital, and to authorize Agreements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cci. An Act for making a Railway from Defynnock to Llandovery; and for other Purposes.

ccii. An Act for making a Railway to complete the Connexion between the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway and the Rumney Railway; for enabling the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to acquire the Rumney Railway; for facilitating the Transmission of Traffic over, from, and at the Rhymney Railway; and for other Purposes.

cciii. An Act to enable the Kettering and Thrapstone Railway Company to extend their authorized Line of Railway to Huntingdon, with a Branch Railway at Huntingdon; to change their Name; to authorize them to use certain Stations and Portions of Railway of the Great Eastern Railway Company and the Great Northern Railway Company; and to make Traffic Arrangements with the Midland Railway Company and the Great Northern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cciv. An Act to enable the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to extend their Railway to Greenwich; to improve the Communication with the Victoria Station; and to execute certain other Works in connexion with their Undertaking.

ccv. An Act for authorizing the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company to make and maintain an additional Line of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccvi. An Act for the better Regulation of the Traffic in the Streets of the City of London, and for the Prevention of Obstructions therein.

ccvii. An Act for making and maintaining Railways from Birkenhead and Poulton-cum-Seacombe to Hoylake in the County of Chester.

ccvili. An Act for increasing the Capital of and conferring further Powers on the West London Extension Railway Company; amending their Acts; providing for the Dissolution of the West London Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccix. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Hibernian Mine Company with the Wicklow Copper Mine Company (Limited); and for other Purposes.

ccx. An Act to enable the Morayshire Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

ccxi. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a new Bridge from Putney to Fulham; and for other Purposes.

ccxii. An Act to amend the Act and enlarge the Powers of Bonelli's Electric Telegraph Company (Limited).

ccxiii. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways and other Works for improving the Railway Communication between Edinburgh and Perth vid the Firth of Forth; and for other Purposes.

ccxiv. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and keeping in repair the Roads, Highways, and Bridges within the Counties of Elgin and Nairn; and for other Purposes.

ccxv. An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Public Roads and Bridges in the County of Haddington.

ccxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Hadlow in the County of Kent to the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway in the Parish of Ightham in the aforesaid County; and for other Purposes.

ccxvii. An Act for conferring additional Powers oh the London and North-western Railway Company for the Construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccxviii. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway to Mitcham, Sutton, and Tooting, in Surrey, and to connect the same with other Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccxix. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Dock and Railways and other Works upon or near Neyland Pill at Milford Haven in the County of Pembroke; and for other Purposes.

ccxx. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Northampton, to be called "The Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccxxi. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways at Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Starbeck; and for other Purposes.

ccxxii. An Act for making a Railway from Peterborough to Thorney, Wish each, and Sutton; and for other Purposes.

ccxxiii. An Act to vest the Undertaking of the Dundee and Perth and Aberdeen Railway Junction Company, and their Interest in the Dundee and Newtyle Railway, in the Scottish Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxxiv. An Act to enable the Waterford and Passage Railway Company to extend their Railway to the South-west Shore of the Estuary of the River Suir at Passage, and in connexion therewith to establish, make, and maintain Ferries on or across the said Estuary; and for other Purposes.

ccxxv. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Harwich and certain Foreign Ports.

ccxxvi. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Port Carlisle and Silloth and Belfast.

ccxxvii. An Act to confer further Powers on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company with reference to the widening and Improvement of the Pimlico Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxviii. An Act to incorporate a Company for constructing Docks, Warehouses, and other Works in the Parish of Saint Mary, Battersea, in the County of Surrey.

ccxxix. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Newry to Carlingford Lough, and of a Pier and other Works in connexion therewith.

ccxxx. An Act for making a Railway from the West Cornwall Railway at or near Saint Erth to the Town of Saint Ives in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxi. An Act to unite and amalgamate the Undertaking of the Dundee and Arbroath Railway Company with the Undertaking of the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company, and to regulate the Management of and confer additional Powers on the united Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxii. An Act for changing the Name of the Isle of Wight Eastern Section Railway Company, and for authorizing them to make and maintain Railways (the Central Lines) in Extension of their authorized Railways (the Eastern Lines), and to raise Monies for the Purpose, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Irish North-western Railway at Dundalk to Greenore in the County of Louth; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiv. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway from the Sidmouth Railway, near Tipton, to Budleigh-Salterton; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxv. An Act for making Railways in the County of Northumberland from the Wansbeck Railway in the Parish of Hartburn to the Parish of Ford, and thence to the Berwick and Kelso Branch of the North-eastern Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxvi. An Act to empower the Irish North-western Railway Company to extend their Railway along the Quays of Dundalk; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make a Railway to South Queensferry, with subsidiary Branches and Works; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxviii. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Railway from the Hull and Selby Railway at Staddlethorpe to the authorized Line of the South Yorkshire Railway near Thorne, with Two Branches therefrom; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to continue an Act for extending the Time during which the Trustees of the late Sir Gilbert Stirling of Mansfield, Baronet, were authorized to purchase Lands to be entailed in the Terms declared by certain Trust Deeds executed by him; and for other Purposes.

2. An Act for making Provision with respect to the Interest of Sir Henry Meux, Baronet, in the Business of the Horse Shoe Brewery.

3. An Act to modify the Condition of Residence at Haverholme Priory contained in the Will of the late Sir Jenison William Gordon, Baronet, in so far as such Condition affects the present or any future Infant Tenant in Tail under the Limitations of the same Will.

4. An Act for a Re-settlement of Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Sir Arthur Ingram Aston deceased.

5. An Act to amend "The Fife Estates Improvement Act, 1858;" to authorize the Exchange of the entailed Estate of Ardgye in the County of Elgin for the Lands of Westerton in the same County, to be entailed in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

6. An Act for enabling Agricultural Leases to be granted of the Estates called the Bolton Estates, entailed by an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth; and for enabling, with the Sanction of the Court of Chancery, the granting of Building and Mining and Improvement Leases, and for enabling the Partition and Sale of the same Estates.

7. An Act for the better Management of the Estates annexed to the Earldom of Arundel; and for the Sale of certain Parts of the same Estates, and for other Purposes, the Short Title whereof is "The Arundel Estate Act, 1863."

8. An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers given by "Wyndham's Estate Act, 1854," of or over divers Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Estates devised by or subject to the Limitations of the Will of the Right Honourable George Obrien Earl of Egremont deceased.

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1863.

Anno Regni VICTORIAE, Britanniarum Reginae, Vicesimo Sexto.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of May, Anno Domini 1859, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender, of the Faith: And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Fifth Day of February 1863; being the Fifth Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark, and to settle certain Annuities on Her Royal Highness.

[5th March 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

---

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into consideration Your Majesty's most Gracious Message that Your Majesty has agreed to a Marriage proposed between His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra Caroline Maria Charlotte Louisa Julia of Denmark, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in order to provide for the Establishment of His Power to Her Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Her said Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra, to

by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Annuity of Ireland, to grant to His said Royal Highness or to such Persons as Her Majesty may think 40, oooo/. for the fit to name in the said Letters Patent, in trust for His said Royal Highness, an Annuity of Forty thousand Pounds, to commence from the Day of the Marriage of His said Royal Wales and Highness with Her said Royal Highness, and to continue during the joint Lives of Her Princes* Aiex- Majesty and His said Royal Highness, to be paid quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, tiwIr

26 VICT. A the

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 10,000l. to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra during her Marriage with the Prince of Wales.

Power to Her Majesty to grant an Annuity of 30,000l. to Her said Royal Highness in the event of Her surviving His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

Annuities granted by this Act to be charged on the Consolidated Fund.

Provisions of 7 & 8 G. 4. c. 15. and 6 A 7

26° VICTORIA, c. 1, 2.

the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, the first Payment to be made on such of the said quarterly Days as next happens after the said Marriage, of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the Date of the said Marriage and the said quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination of the Annuity.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her Royal Highness the said Princess Alexandra, or to such Persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in such Letters Patent, in trust for Her Royal Highness, for Her sole and separate Use, but without any Power of Anticipation, an Annuity of Ten thousand Pounds, to commence from the Date of the Marriage of Her said Royal Highness with His Royal Highness, and to be payable during the Continuance of that Marriage, on the quarterly Days aforesaid, the first Payment to be made on such of the said quarterly Days as happens next after the said Marriage, of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the Date of such Marriage and such quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to grant unto Her said Royal Highness, in case of Her surviving His said Royal Highness, or to such Persons as Her Majesty may think fit to name in the said Letters Patent, in trust for Her said Royal Highness, in the event of Her so surviving, an Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds, to commence from the Day of the Death of His said Royal Highness, and to continue from thenceforth during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, and to be payable on the quarterly Days aforesaid, the first Payment to be made on such of the said quarterly Days os happens next after the Death of His said Royal Highness, of such Portion of the said Annuity as may have accrued between the Date of the said Death and the said quarterly Day, and a proportionate Part thereof to be payable for the Period from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof.

4. The Annuities granted by this Act shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as may have been directed to be paid out of the said Fund by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged on the said Fund.

CAP. II.

An Act to make Provision concerning Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable in the Metropolis on the Day appointed for the Passage through the Metropolis of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark.

[5th March 1863.]

WHEREAS it is intended that Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Denmark shall pass through the Metropolis on Her Arrival in England on the Seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and it is apprehended that on this Occasion there will be so great a Concourse of People as to materially interfere

with the Transaction of Business:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. All the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for declaring the Law in relation to

26° VICTORIAE, c. 2, 3.

Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes becoming payable on Good Friday or Christmas Day, and of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for declaring the Law as to the Day on. which it is requisite to present for Payment to the Acceptors or Acceptor supra Protest for Honour, or to the Referees or Referee in case of Need, Bills of Exchange which had been dishonoured, having reference to Days appointed by Royal Proclamation as Days of solemn Fast or Days of Thanksgiving, shall, as respects all Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes payable in the Metropolis, or which may be presented for Payment in the Metropolis, extend and be applicable to the Seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, as if the said Seventh Day of March were a Day appointed by Her Majesty's Proclamation for a Day of Thanksgiving.

2. Where any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note shall by virtue of this Act be presented for Payment on the Day preceding the said Seventh Day of March, and the same shall be paid before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Ninth Day of March, no Notarial or other Charges by reason of Nonpayment of such Bill or Note shall be payable by or chargeable against the Person paying such Bill or Note.

3. For the Purposes of this Act the Metropolis shall mean the Metropolis as defined by an Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, and intituled An Act for the better Local Government of the Metropolis.

CAP. III.

An Act to extend the Credit for Payment of a Portion of the Excise Duty on Malt.

[27th March 1863.]

WHEREAS the Time for Payment of the Duty of Excise on Malt made by Makers of Malt who have given Security in that Behalf is limited by Law to Six Weeks after the making up of the Account or Return of the Duty chargeable, and it is expedient to alter and extend the Time for Payment of a Portion of the said Duty as herein-after f mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows 2

1. It shall be lawful for any Maker of Malt who has or shall have given such Security as aforesaid, if he shall think fit, and upon giving such Notice as herein-after mentioned, to defer Payment of One Moiety of the Duty of Excise on all Malt made or to be made by him on or after the First Day of January and before the First Day of April, and of the whole of the Duty of Excise on all Malt made or to be made by him on or after the First Day of April and before the Sixteenth Day of May in this present Year, or in any subsequent Year, for the Period of Three Months next after the respective Times at which the same would become payable under the Law in force immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided that such Maker of Malt shall give Notice in Writing, signed by him, of his Intention so to defer such Payment to the proper Collector of Excise, on or before the First Day of April in this or any subsequent Year 5 and thereupon there shall be charged and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Hundred Pounds per Annum, computed for the Period of Three Months on the respective Amounts of Duty the Payment whereof shall be so deferred as aforesaid.

2. Every Bond or other Security which has or shall have been given or entered into by any Maker of Malt for securing the Payment of the Duty of Excise on Malt under any former Act, and now in force, shall remain and continue in force against the Principal

3

W. 4. c. as. *with respect to Bills of Exchange and Promissory-Notes payable in the Metropolis on Fast Days, &c. to extend to Bills, &c. payable on the 7th March 1863.

Notarial Charges occasioned by this Act not chargeable on Persons paying Bills, &c.

Metropolis to be as defined by 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Credit for Payment of a Portion of the Excise Duty on Malt extended under Conditions herein named.

Bonds and Securities given by Makers of Malt under

former Acts to continue in force.

Nothing to prejudice immediate Proceedings for Duties considered in danger.

Certain Provisions of 25 & 26 Vict c. 110. extended.

Repayment of Sums borrowed.

As to the Word "Expenditure."

Provision as to Cases of Unions situate in more than One County.

As to Parishes within the Union of Mansfield.

26° VICTORIA, c. 3, 4.

and Sureties who shall have made or entered into the same, as a Security for Payment as well of the said Duty according to the Directions of any former Act now in force as of the said Djuty and Interest according to the Terms and Conditions of this Act, as if the said Terms and Conditions had been inserted in and made Part of the Condition of such Bond or Security, unless the said Parties or some One of them shall, before the First Day of April next after the passing of this Act, give Notice to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of his Desire to withdraw from such Bond or Security, in which Case the Maltster shall not be entitled to any Credit for Payment of the Duty of Excise on any Malt made by him until he shall have given fresh Security in that Behalf to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners.

3. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prejudice or affect the Right or Power of the said Commissioners, whenever they shall deem any of the said Duties to be in danger, to require immediate Payment thereof, and in default of Payment the same shall be recoverable forthwith as Duties of Excise due and in arrear.

CAP. IV.

An Act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Act of the last Session.

[27th March 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the last Session of Parliament Provisions were made to enable the Boards of Guardians of certain Unions situate wholly or in part within the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, or Derby, to obtain temporary Aid to meet the extra-

ordinary Demands for Relief therein, which Provisions applied to the Expenditure during the Quarters of the Year ending at Michaelmas and Christmas last only, and it is necessary ' that such Provisions should be extended for a further Period i Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That all the Provisions of the said Act which apply to the Expenditure during the Quarters of the Year ending as aforesaid shall be extended and apply to the Expenditure for the Quarters ending respectively at Lady Day and Midsummer Day next.

2. Any Sum borrowed under the Authority of this Act may be repaid by equal annual Instalments not exceeding Fourteen.

3. The Word "Expenditure," in Section Five of the said Act, shall be construed to include the Amount paid under any Order of Contribution issued by the Poor Law Board pursuant to the said Act or this Act.

4. When the Union applying for Aid under this Act shall extend into Two or more

Counties, each of such Counties shall contribute to such Aid; and the Amount required shall be apportioned between such Counties, according to the annual rateable Value of so much of the Union as shall be situate within such Counties respectively; and where the Union required to contribute shall bq situate ip Two or more Counties, it shall contribute upon the annual. rateable :value ofsp' m Parishes of the Union as shaft be wholly

. the ^oun^ 'oc^Counl^res-within which%e Uriionfa^btyiii^ for situate; and the

Contribution snau be horne 'ex^luslvely slifchc Parishes, khd shall1 be apportioned by the Guardians between such Parishes according to their rateable* Vdluei l^spectively, in E^ratatiow^£ anything iivthe said (finit-mentioned Act

to the donimry <LOtwidustandibg»; iC no I V *./*> W! %

fe. IXe#Parishes* Whpri&d whftW'Mf ^fi1 tfi$ of1 'jMrtffrig-kam

shall be exempted from the Operation of Section One of the said Act of the last Session.

5

26° VICTORIA, c. 4, 5, 0.

6. The Powers to borrow conferred by Section Three of the said Act of the last Session, SjjiAee «nder

and by this Act, shall extend to the Overseers of any Parish under a separate Board of separate Board

Guardians in either of the said Counties. of Guardians to

borrow.

7. The several Parishes in the said Counties not in Union, and not under a separate Parishes not in

Board of Guardians, shall contribute in aid according to their annual rateable Value. Union to contribute.

8. The Power of the Poor Law Board to issue their Orders under this Act shall Time for issn-

determine on the First Day of September next. lhnited^"

9. This Act shall be construed, except as herein provided, in the same Manner as the Construction of Act herein referred to, and all the Provisions and Enactments therein contained shall be Act applicable to Orders to be issued under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. V.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers.

[27th March 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Section Five of the Act of the Session of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Section 5. of Majesty (Chapter Seventy-three)," for the Establishment of a Body of Naval Coast *67 *

" Volunteers, and for the temporary Transfer to the Navy, in case of Need, of Seafaring ^paiv?rith

" Men employed in other Public Services," shall, with respect to every Volunteer raised respect to fbture

under that Act who after the passing of this Act enters or re-enters himself as such Volunteer, be read as if the Words " but so that no such Volunteer be taken or sent beyond One S^rVoUm-

" hundred Leagues from the Shore of some Part of the United Kingdom " were omitted teew.

therefrom.

CAP. VI.

An Act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

[27th March 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore jnqst humbly beseech .Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the1 Q^a's vraost(Exc^Ueni^ M^ the Advice and Confeetlt of the Lords

Spiiifu^ apd Tenfip^r^l| pnd Commons, in this present Parliamentr a^biKh^' kid; by the

There shall 'and ttfayrhsifesu/pd- andi'Bppftd, forot toward* making good' the Supply There «h»n he granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One.thbae*nd eight htmdred> and sixty- yP11?1 t^4h ^, T|3, <£ of the United Kingdom of vwfsS &e

10,000,000?. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 10,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 15. and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance

10,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 30.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

26° VICTORIA, c. 6.

Great Britain and Ireland; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as

26* VICTORIA, c. 6, 7. 7

shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. VII.

An Act for altering the Duties on Tobacco, and permitting the Manufacture of Cavendish and Negrohead in Bond.

[27th March 1863.]

BE it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged upon the several Kinds of Tobacco pawing under mentioned, the following Duties shall be charged and paid thereon upon Importation into Great Britain and Ireland from and after the passing of this Act:

Tobacco, manufactured, viz .: £ s, d.

, , Segars - the lb. 0 5 0

, , Cavendish or Negrohead - - the lb. 0 4 6

, , Snuff, containing more than 13 lbs. of Moisture in

every 100 lbs. Weight thereof - - the lb. 0 3 9

, , Snuff, not containing more than 13 lbs. of Moisture

ties on manufactured Tobacco to be paid on Importation.

in every 100 lbs. Weight thereof - - the lb.

Other manufactured Tobacco - - the lb.

Unmanufactured, containing 10 lbs. or more of Moisture 100 lbs. Weight thereof -with 5 per Cent thereon.

, containing less than 10 lbs. of Moisture in every

100 lbs. Weight thereof - - the lb.

4

4

in every - the lb.

0 3 0

0 3 6

Provided that no Tobacco packed and prized shall, on the Importation thereof, be examined as to the Quantity of Moisture contained therein, except by special Order of the Commissioners of Customs, and unmanufactured Tobacco shall as heretofore be, in the Entry thereof, distinguished as stemmed or unstemmed, as the Case may be.

And there shall be charged and paid on every Pound of Cavendish and Negrohead Tobacco manufactured in Bond, as herein-after provided, on the Entry thereof for Home Consumption, the Duty of Customs of- - -040

Upon every Pound of Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain and Ireland upon which the As to Draw-Duties of Customs on Importation shall have been paid, on the same being by any licensed Manufacturer exported as Merchandise, or deposited in any Bonded Warehouse to be used on '

as Ships Stores, and packed in whole and complete Cases, each containing not less than Eighty Pounds net Weight of such Tobacco, there shall be allowed on such Exportation or Deposit thereof a Drawback of Three Shillings and Threepence, in lieu of the Drawback now allowed by Law on the Exportation of Tobacco, subject to such Increase or Reduction in the Amount of such Drawback as may result from the Examination of such Tobacco or a Sample or Samples thereof under the following Rule; that is to say,

For every One hundred Pounds of Tobacco which shall be found to contain Thirteen Pountfs of Moisture and Eighty-seven Pounds of dry Tobacco, the Drawback of Three Shillings and Threepence per Pound shall be allowed, and so in proportion for any other Quantity; and if on Examination the Proportion of Moisture contained therein shall ]be found to exceed Thirteen Pounds in every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof* a proportionate Reduction shall be made in the Drawback allowed

in

Commissioners may appoint Warehouses for Manufacture of Tobacco in Bond.

26° VICTORIA, c. 7.

in respect of every Pound of such Excess of Moisture; but if the Proportion of Moisture contained therein shall be found to be less than Thirteen Pounds in every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof, a proportionate Increase shall be made in the Drawback allowed in respect of every Pound below Thirteen Pounds in every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof:

And the Drawback allowed by this Act on the Exportation of Tobacco as Merchandise shall be ascertained and paid with all convenient Speed after the Shipment thereof, and the Drawback allowed on the Deposit of Tobacco in the Warehouse for Use as Ships Stores only shall he ascertained and paid with all convenient Speed after the Deposit thereof: Provided always, that no Tobacco shall be exported from any Ports or Places which shall not have been approved for the Importation of Tobacco, and no Drawback shall be allowed upon any Tobacco, except Snuff, in which the inorganic Matter contained therein shall exceed the Proportion of Twenty-two Pounds in every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Tobacco, exclusive of Water; and if such Tobacco shall contain less than Twenty-two Pounds and more than Eighteen Pounds of such inorganic Matter in every One hundred Pounds Weight, exclusive of Water, a Deduction shall be made from the Drawback allowed of Three Shillings and Threepence in respect of every Pound of such Excess of inorganic Matter above Eighteen Pounds in the One hundred Pounds as aforesaid: Nor shall any Drawback he allowed upon any Tobacco in which the Sand contained therein shall exceed Two Pounds in every One hundred Pounds of such Tobacco, exclusive of Water: Nor shall any Drawback be allowed on the Exportation of any Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco manufactured in Bond and delivered for Home Consumption: Nor shall any Drawback be allowed upon any Tobacco in which there shall be found more than Twenty-five Pounds of Tobacco Stalks in every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Tobacco, exclusive of Water; nor unless the Tobacco Stalks contained therein shall have been fairly cat in the same with Portions of the Lamina of the Leaf adhering thereto: Provided nevertheless, that the full Drawback of Three Shillings and Threepence per Pound shall be allowed upon Snuff on the Exportation thereof, if the Quantity of inorganic Matter contained therein does not exceed the Proportion of Eighteen Pounds in every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Snuff, exclusive of Water; but if it contain more than that Proportion of inorganic Matter a Deduction shall be made from the Drawback allowed of Three Shillings and Threepence in respect of every Pound of such Excess above the Proportion of Eighteen Pounds in the Hundred: And in assessing the Duty on any Package of Tobacco imported into Great Britain and Ireland, or in calculating the Drawback allowable on the Exportation or Deposit in the Warehouse of any Package of Tobacco from Great Britain and Ireland, no Duty shall be charged or a Drawback allowed in respect of any Fraction of a Pound: And it shall be lawful for the Officers of Customs fop the Purposes of this Act to take Samples of any Tobacco imported into or entered for Exportation from Great Britain and Ireland, or deposited in the Warehouse to he used as Ships Stores: And in case any Dispute shall prise as to the Quantity of Moisture contained in any Tobacco imported into Great Britain and Ireland, or as to the Quantity of Water or inorganic Matter, including Sand, contained in any Tobacco upon which Drawback is claimed on Exportation, it shall be lawful for the Officers of Customs to submit any such Tobacco or Samples thereof to the Officers of Inland Revenue or Excise for Examination, and the Decision of such Officers of Inland Revenue or Excise as to the Quantity of Moisture or inorganic Matter contained therein shall be final, and the Amount of Duty or Drawback in respect thereof shall be determined accordingly.

2. The Commissioners of Customs shall or may by Order under their Hand from Time to Time direct in what Warehouses or In what Parts or Divisions of any Warehouses, now approved or appointed ot hereafter to be approved or appointed, for the Security of Duties bn Tobacco finder this or tiny Act In force relating to the Customs, so long ^s such Appointment or Approval shall rciriain ttnievbked, the Processes of manufacturing or converting unmanufactured Tobacco into Cavendish or Negrohead, and the weighing*, making into Parcel#, wrapping up, and labelling of CavOndUh or N^rohead, whether of British or Foreign Manufacture, may respectively beCarried on, and how and in wW Manner such Warehouses, or Parts Or Drvisicms thereof, shall tie secured by Xocks* fastenings, or

9

26° VICTORIA, c. 7.

otherwise, And shall a&dmay require such Security by Bonder otherwise as they shall deem Accessary from the Importer or Manufacturer of any Tobacco which shall be deposited th^in for Security of the Duty due on such Tobacco or other Materials or Ingredients, or brought therein or thereto for the Purpose of being manufactured or used in the Manufacture thereof, or for the Purpose of being packed, wrapped, or labelled as aforesaid, or for the due and safe Removal of such Tobacco or other Materials or Ingredients from One Warehouse to another or from One Part or - Division of any Warehouse to apy other Part or Division of the same or any other Warehouse, and for the due Observance of the TermB, Conditions, and Requirements, of this Act, and of the Rules and Regulations of the Commissioners in respect thereof,:

3. It shall' W lawful for licensed Manufacturers of Tobacco to manufacture in such Warehouses, or Parts or Divisions thereof, as shall be approved by the Commissioners of Customs for the Manufacture of Tobacco in Bond, the several Descriptions of Tobacco respectively called or known as Cavendish and Negrohead from any Leaf or other unmanufactured Tobacco duly warehoused for Security of Duties of Customs, and to use in such Manufacture Materials or Ingredients for sweetening or flavouring the same (not being the Leaves of Trees or Plants other than of the Tobacco Plant), anything to the contrary in tiny other Act in force to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for any such Manufacturer or any Importer of Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco, in such Ware-nouse. Part or Division of such Warehouse, to pack or make up, wrap, and label in Parcels of the Weight and in the Manner herein-after mentioned any Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco which shall have been so manufactured in Bond as aforesaid, or which shall have been imported in the manufactured State: Provided, that such Manufacture and the packing or making up, wrapping and labelling thereof, shall be done and performed in accordance with and under such Terms and Conditions as are prescribed by this Act, and under and subject to such other Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time see fit to direct.

4. No Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco, whether imported and warehoused as such or manufactured in the Warehouse, shall be delivered from any Warehouse for Home Consumption except under the following Conditions:

1. Such Tobacco shall be made into separate Packets of such Weights respectively as

the Commissioners of Customs shall direct, not exceeding One Pound nor less than One Ounce each:

2. Each such Packet shall be enclosed by or at the Expense of the Importer or Manufacturer in a Wrapper approved by the Commissioners of Customs:

3. Each such Wrapper shall be securely fastened by a Label, to be provided by the Commissioners of Customs, and pasted on such Wrapper by such Importer or Manufacturer so that the same cannot be opened nor any Part of the Contents of such Package be abstracted without tearing or destroying such Label, or cutting or destroying the Wrapper thereof, at any other Part or Place than that on which the Label is pasted or secured:

4. Before any Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco imported and warehoused shall be made into Packets or Parcels as aforesaid the same shall be duly entered for Home Consumption, and the full Duty of Customs paid thereon:

5. When any unmanufactured Tobacco shall have been manufactured or converted into

Cavendish or Negrohead in the Warehouse the same shall be duly entered for Home Consumption, and the full Duties of pustoms shall be paid upon the Tobacco so manufactured before the same is madpmjp Packets:

Tobapco so ^aniifactu^ Ware^i^.^ll.ppt W Wfo Packets fqr

f1' 'J o H<ftn$ Consumptio^ ilie, sapie shall bjs ehQUsqd(either: jfor ^rtatip^pr for

" 0iTiMre j^ickm ^, wrapping, and labelling for Con^ ppy Time

no:t fGaftefWards required for tha^ Purpbsje?

jl]fl, and pther Refuse, regaining after, and frqjn jheManufactureof

/(^vchdiMi j or NegrG^ead. Tobacco in Wf^ehouse^. or, from the , pficking thereof; '3nx£^halfi^IiJ^V^yed' in the 'Presence of Ipp^proper Ofec$r of Customs, or, be rc-warer <c 'riiflou8ed fof Exportation, at the Option oFthe Manufacturer:

Cavendish or Negrohead may be manufactured in Bond.

Cavendish and Negrohead Tobacco not to be delivered for Home Consumption, except on Conditions herein specified *

Penalty for Noncompliance with foregoing Conditions.

Account of Btock of Tobacco and Materials remaining in Warehouses to be taken, and Balances to be struck.

Deficiency to be deemed Tobacco fraudulently removed.

Penalty on Sale, &c. of Cavendish or Negro-head Tobacco not enclosed and labelled.

26° VICTORIA, c. 7.

8. Every licensed Manufacturer shall enter in a Book, to be supplied to him by the said

Commissioners, in such Form and Manner as they shall direct, the following and such other Particulars as the said Commissioners shall require; viz.

The Weights, Quantities, and Particulars of all unmanufactured Tobacco and other Materials and Ingredients received by him into such Warehouse for the Purpose of being manufactured;

The Weight and Quantities thereof consumed in such Manufacture;

The Weight, Quantities, and Particulars of unmanufactured Tobacco, Materials, Ingredients, Stalks, Waste, and other Refuse remaining after or caused by such Manufacture;

The Quantity of Cavendish or Negrohead produced by such Manufacture;

The Quantity thereof made up into Packets, wrapped, labelled, and delivered for Home Consumption, with the Number of Packets of each Size or Weight respectively;

The Quantity thereof re-warehoused for Home Consumption or otherwise, and the Quantity of Tobacco, Materials, Ingredients, Stalks, Waste, or other Refuse returned into the Customs Warehouse to be destroyed:

9. Every such Book shall be kept in the Warehouse and shall be at all Times accessible

to the Officers of Customs, who may make Minutes in or take Extracts therefrom, and such Manufacturer shall correctly keep such Book in the Manner required, and shall not cancel or obliterate the same or any Part thereof, or make any Alteration in any Entry therein, except for Correction of any Errors, with the Sanction and in thg Presence of the proper Officer of Customs:

Every licensed Manufacturer, Dealer, or other Person engaged in such Warehouse in any of the Operations aforesaid who shall refuse or neglect to comply with any of the foregoing Conditions shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

5. From Time to Time when and as often as the Officer of Customs having Charge of any such approved Warehouse shall deem it to be necessary or proper, and at least once in every Year, the Stock of Tobacco manufactured and unmanufactured, and all Materials and Ingredients to be used in such Manufacture as aforesaid, remaining in such Warehouse, shall be weighed in the Presence of the said Officer, and an Account thereof shall be taken and a Balance shall be struck of all Tobacco, Materials, and Ingredients received into such Warehouse, and of all manufactured Tobacco and Stalks and Refuse of Tobacco lawfully delivered thereout; and if the Quantity by Weight of such Tobacco, Materials, and Ingredients remaining in the said Warehouse shall be less than the Quantity which, according to the Balance of such Account, after making such Allowance for Waste by Evaporation in the Process of Manufacture as to the proper Officer of Customs may appear reasonable, and as may be in accordance with any Rules made by the Commissioners of Customs, ought to be found therein, the Deficiency shall be deemed to be so much Tobacco fraudulently removed from such Warehouse without Payment of the Duties of Customs thereon, and the said Manufacturer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and moreover the Amount of such Duty shall be recoverable as a Debt due to Her Majesty.

6. If any Tobacco of either of the Descriptions called respectively Cavendish and Negro-head, whether of Foreign or British Manufacture, containing or having mixed therewith any Material or Ingredient prohibited by any Act in force to be used in the Manufacture in the United Kingdom of Tobacco of the like Description, and not being enclosed in a Wrapper securely fastened by such Label as aforesaid, or of which such Wrapper or Label shall have been cut or torn, obliterated, or cancelled, or bear any other Mark or Appearance of having been opened or tampered with, shall be sold or exposed for Sale by or be found in the Possession of any Importer or Manufacturer of or Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco, he shall forfeit either treble the Value thereof or the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, and all such Tobacco shall be forfeited:

Provided nevertheless, that if at the Time of the passing of this Act any Manufacturer of or Dealer in Tobacco shall have in his Possession any Foreign Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco, he may bring the same to any Customs Warehouse approved for the wrapping and labelling of Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco, and may there wrap and label the same, first

11

26° VICTORIA, c. 7.

rendering an Account thereof, and showing to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that the Duty thereon upon the Importation thereof has been duly paid; and if any Foreign Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco shall be found in the Possession of any Manufacturer of or Dealer in Tobacco after the Expiration of Twenty-eight Days from the passing of this Act, not being so wrapped and labelled as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and such Manufacturer of or Dealer in Tobacco shall forfeit either treble the Value thereof or the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs or Inland Revenue.

7. The Labels by this Act directed to be provided by the Commissioners of Customs shall be printed or stamped with such Device as they shall think proper; and if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any such Label or the Device thereon, or shall utter any such Label or Device knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, he shall, on Conviction of such Offence, be imprisoned in the House of Correction, with Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Three Calendar Months.

a if any Retail Dealer or Vendor of any Packet of Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco, labelled as required by this Act, shall fail on the Sale thereof to obliterate, before Delivery to the Purchaser, the Label so as to render the same incapable of being again used for the same Purpose, he shall forfeit the Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

9. No Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco containing the Leaves of Trees or Plants other than of the Tobacco Plant shall be imported into Great Britain and Ireland, nor shall any

Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco be imported into Great Britain and Ireland, except to be warehoused in the first instance in some Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs for Security of Duties of Customs on Tobacco; and if any such Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco shall be imported contrary hereto, or being imported shall not be forthwith duly entered and warehoused, the same shall be forfeited, and the Importer thereof, and every Dealer or other Person concerned in the Importation thereof, or to whose Hands the same shall come, shall forfeit either treble the Value thereof or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs.

10. All manufactured Tobacco (other than Cavendish or Negrohead) imported into or found in Great Britain and Ireland containing or having mixed therewith any Material or Ingredient prohibited by any Act in force to be used in the Manufacture in the United Kingdom of Tobacco shall be forfeited; and the Importer thereof and any Dealer or other Person concerned in the Importation, harbouring, or concealing thereof, or to whose Hands the same may come, shall forfeit either the treble Value thereof or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs.

11. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations as shall appear to them to be necessary or proper for regulating the safe Removal of any Tobacco, or of any Surplus, or Stalks, Waste, or Refuse thereof, to any Warehouse, Part or Division of any Warehouse, or from any such Warehouse, Part or Division of a Warehouse, to another for the Purposes of this Act, and for securing the same against fraudulent Abstraction, and also for regulating the Times of opening and closing any such Warehouses or Parts or Divisions of a Warehouse, and the Admission of Workmen for the Purpose of manufacturing and packing, wrapping, and labelling the Tobacco therein, and also to make all such other Rules and Regulations as they shall think fit for the Purpose of carrying out the Object and Intention of this Act in all Cases not herein expressly provided for, and to require such Security by Bond or otherwise for the Purposes above mentioned, and for Security of the Duties on Tobacco, as they shall see fit.

12. Any Duty or Service required by this Act to be done or performed by any Officer of Customs may be done by any Officer of Customs or Inland Revenue or Excise, or other Person appointed for that Duty or Service by the Commissioners of Customs or the Commissioners of Inland Revenue respectively, and every such Officer or other Person shall be deemed to be the proper Officer for such Duty or Service.

13. All Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred under this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered by Order of the Commissioners of Custom* or the

Labels to be provided, and Forgery thereof punishable by Imprisonment with Hard Labour.

Penalty on Vendors failing to obliterate Labels on Sale of Packets before Delivery. Cavendish or Negrohead Tobacco not to be imported except to be warehoused.

Importation of Tobacco (except Cavendish or Negrohead) containing prohibited Ingredients to be forfeited.

Commissioners of Customs may make Rules and Regulations for carrying this Act into effect.

Officers of Customs or Inland Revenue may carry out Provisions of this Act.

How Penalties and Forfeitures are to be prose-

cuted for and recovered.

Mode of estimating Penalties per Value.

This Act not to repeal the Provisions of 3 & 4 Vict c. 18. and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 93.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

26° VICTORIA, c. 7, 8.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue under this or any other Act. or Acts relating to the Customs, Inland Revenue, or Excise respectively.

14. In any Suit or Prosecution for the Recovery of any Penalty or.Forfeiture under this or any other Act relating to the Customs in respect of any manufactured Tobacco, whether the same shall consist of Cigars, Snuff, Tobacco Stalky Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or other Article manufactured wholly or in part from Tobacco, it shall be sufficient to describe the same in any Information or other Proceeding had thereon as manufactured Tobacco, and it shall be so deemed for the Purpose of such Suit or Prosecution; and in estimating the Amount of any Penalty determinable by the Value of the Article with the Duty of importation chargeable thereon, the same shall be ascertained, as to the Tobacco, at the Market Price in London^ at or about the Time of the Offenpp^ of Tobaccp of the like Sort or Denomination of the best Quality; and, ns to the Duty* at the Rate then chargeable on the Importation of Tobaeco of the like Sort or Denomination; but if the Tobacco, the Subject of such Prosecution, be of a Kind prohibited to be imported, a Sum equal to the highest Rate of Duty then chargeable on the Importation of any Sort of manufactured Tobacco shall be added to the Price of the Tobacco: And as to any unmanufactured Tobacco, in estimating the Amount of any Penalty in respect thereof for the Purpose of any Suit or Prosecution, the same shall be determined by the Market Price in London, at or about the Time of the Offence, of unmanufactured Tobacco of the best Quality, with the highest Rate of Duty then chargeable on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco added thereto.

15. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to repeal, alter, or affect any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighteen, intituled An Act to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof; and an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-three, to amend the last-mentioned Act, save and except so far as the same are altered or varied by this Act.

16, This Act shall come into operation on the Day of the passing thereof; and in citing it ip other. Acts, of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Manufactured Tobacco Act, 1863."

Number of Men to consist of 148, 242, in- c eluding those employed at Depots of Uegi*', 4 ments serving in India, but exclusive of ' those actually serving in p

India.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. {20th April 1863.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of ' Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of ' Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and; forty-eight thousand two hundred and forty-two Men,

Her Majesty's Indian)Possessionsi*r And.>vherpa^f(no, Man can i>e forejudged of Lify or Limb, '-or subjected in Timfciof Peace, tp^oy Kind p^Puh^tiuent within thk Rfea)m, by Martial Law, or in any ftfche* tlwin -to; and'^aec^ding to

the known add established Laws; of this, R^alm; yet ney^helegsbeinjgrtquiMte, for the returning idl the heforevmeUtioned Forces in kn exact'M6c3pEne be

observed, and* that^Sc^ifers whoy^ball ^pti-ny or^tir qh Sedition, or shall desert Her

1 Majesty's

26° VICTORIA, c 8 13

Majesty's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offelioee ta the Prejudice of good Order

and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the f

nstMl Foms of the* Law will allow:' Be jt therefore .enacted, by the Queens most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice #na Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows* .

L It shall Be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the, better Government Articles of War of Her Majesty's Arhiy, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges made by Her and in till Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, ^y^ken shall, as soon ai$ may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her notice of, and Majesty, bb transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to Copies printed the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh Jitterto^ respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that transmitted to no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Judges, &c. Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers or Followers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, being Natives of India; and on the Trial of all Offences committed by any such Native Officer or Soldier or Follower, Reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such Native Officers, Soldiers, or Followers, and to the established Usages of the Service.

2. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be oominis- Persons subject sioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who"are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned *° Act-Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay, and all Pensioners receiving Allowances in respect of such Service, rind to' FerfcOhs who Are or shall be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, Royal Engineers, and"Military Store Department, and to Master Gunners, and to Conductors of Stores, and to the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving; on the Commissariat Staff or in the Commissariat Staff Corps, or in the Military Store Deportment, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Commissioned Officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five,) to any Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on Duty in aid of the Civil Power, or for Muster or Inspection, or who having volunteered their Services for that Purpose shall be kept on Duty in any Fort, Town, or Garrison, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as Officer?, or who shall be listed or in Pay as Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or who ar^ or jBHall bo serving oV hired to be Employed in1 the Artillery or* any of the Trains of 1 :r^tMiwtcirVbrvGunViersi hr as Conductors.fof<Stoire$>.or who are . V, or; slmll [B(eryin^Jin the Department of Erigince^s, 1 or fo^the Corps of Sappers and Afiners,

[V. or or| as $Uittfry S^v^i^.or Dfraft&men, or in thet Ordnance or JfrAlio WorksJj' ";

Wff ttf Allfeud' othexi Gt^ Officers, Employed ^o ^ttb^iiairy Sting^n^ Medieril Stnr^eeper^ Apdttecariee, -.. fyewavaB.haft d1 othe^ servingf the* Medical Depsattbctet ofi the^ said Forces,

-e and $p.ill LiCeWa^ ahd'rifl IblKWe^A^irtOr any of the said Forcesprovided

t]^t^ nothing!^in thw Act" (x>ntalhedr extend to < afflfect»sway'^cdrity which baa been

or

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

Colonial and Foreign Troops in Her Majesty's Pay to be subject to Provisions of this Act.

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

Power to constitute'Courts-martial.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

or shall be given by any Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account or any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

6. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have tnken upon him such Command: Provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer is not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial

7. Any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have

come

15

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; hut no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence of Transportation.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to aw$rcL

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Troops serving in any Place beyond Seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a General Court-martial, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army of which such Detachment or Portion forms Part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. All General and other Courts-martial shall administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial;

and

Powers of General Courts-martial.

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial

Powers of Regimental or Detachment Courtsrmartial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

As to swearing and summoning of Witnesses.

16 26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions, in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained^ shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

No Second 14. No Officer or Soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be

Mime office ^able to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same

bat Revision ' Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by may be allowed, the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

Crimes punish- 15. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this

able with Death. begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier attested for or in Pay in any Regiment or Corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment or Corps, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

Judgment of 16. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General be Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, ^MlServiuide m any P^ace out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer or other Pun- having Authority to confirm the Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried ishments. into execution, to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

17. Any

26" VICTORIA, c. 8. 17

Wpiter.flflfm.w': S^Wier of Her Majesty's Army, oi^ any Person employed, in the War Embezzlement, Depir^e, nt, qT in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, '^c- yr. sht.orehs Fo^ag%, (4rpasr Cubing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Array"p"d Seiri-7 or, for Her If qj^sty s LJsOywho shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, tude. or receive the sum#, 'knowing them to Have been atolpn, oy shall be concerned therein, or . connive thereat* may fre tried* for the, same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept ip.Penal .Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such P^ni^m^pt , of Pipe* Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ran^ Nonrcommissioned Office ^, as such Court shall think fit, according

tc^tb^.Nature ^ndifiegree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any othw>Pnnislupcpt, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by srieli 'Offender? 'and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies, or in India, where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore As to Execu-or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution tioT1 of Se"* for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any Shorter Term, or shall be graciously seiTitudeinthe pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any United King-such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be dom* notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence Of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penhl Servitude Of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification^ as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in fotce touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland, to make an Order that any such Offender Convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England; and such Order shall be ih all'respects as effectual in England as though Such Offender had been convicted in England\ and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made .every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving cr assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any Offender; and the Judge who shall mf Order of Penal Servitude r as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her and has: awn Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in slhe Officeqf the Clerk oL the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; find the, said Clerk ^abulFbaViOi'arF-ee; of Tw^ Shillings and Sixpence only for filing, the same, and shall, on AppUdationi] deliver a Certificate in Writing, (not firing more than Two Shillings and 'jStxp$nqe td such Offender, or to a*^ Person applying inbis* pr Her Majesty's

Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, tqe.JPlace where 26 Vict. C the

18

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the Colonies, India, the Ionian Islands, or elsewhere out of Her Majesty's Dominions.

A Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment.

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

19. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in indiay or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in India, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in India, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise^lealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: In the Ionian Islands and elsewhere out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer commanding shall have Power to make an Order in Writing for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and such Offender shall be liable by virtue of such Order to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour and otherwise dealt with under the Sentence of the Court in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Place where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate Custody, or in the Place to which he may be removed for the Purpose of undergoing his Sentence of Penal Servitude.

20. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term- as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

21. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted Tor Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. Any

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

19

22. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending Power to inflict to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of

Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Regimental Court-martial 6 men shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination herein-before mentioned, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the General or other Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to Power to inflict any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Corporal Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the

Periods prescribed by the Articles of War. ' menu F

24. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Power to com-Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the p^hmentfor General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute imprisonment, such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, &c.

with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Power to com-

Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, mu*e a Sen-in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be "

deemed expedient.

26. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in Marking Deaddition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below g ^, 0^is and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not charged with to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, Ignominy, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen, and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-

martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend that he be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B. C., and such Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the Military Authorities.

27. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Impri- Power of Im-sonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, but ^onme^.by such Solitary Confinement shall not exceed the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War; of Courts-and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprison- martial, ment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and

with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

28. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Astolmprison-Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award a Sentence of ment of Offend-Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence ^der Sentence, at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to set apart Regulations as any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, to Military

as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, nsons-and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of

C 2 Parliament,

20 26" VICTORIA, c. 8.

Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persons as the said Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the said Secretary of State may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the said Secretary of State, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

As to the Cus- 30. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any tody of Military Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his Sentcn^der Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial, upon Court-martial Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the General commanding in and in other chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lockup House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

31. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United

As to the Removal of Prisoners.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8. 21

United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than such Military Prison as aforesaid, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief or the Adjutant General of Her Majesty's Forces in the Case of any such Prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the Case of any Prisoner so confined in any Part of Her Majesty's Indian Dominions, and for the General commanding in chief in any Presidency in India in the Case of a Prisoner so therein confined, and for the Officer commanding in chief or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court at any Foreign Station in the Case of a Prisoner so there confined, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other Prison or Place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Military Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place; and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

32. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up Provision for House, or other Place of Confinement, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet Subsistence of and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a ^prisemed^n Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Common Gaols Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland One Shilling per Diem, and in other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of State for the War Department shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of One Shilling or of Sixpence per Diem, as the Case may be, shall be

carried

Expiration of Imprisonment of Soldiers in Common Gaols.

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed; In India the Expenses incurred under the Provisions of this Section shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Expenses of such Prison, or as may be provided by the Laws or Regulations to be made in that Behalf.

33. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or if in India to the Adjutant General of the Army, or to the nearest Military Authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, Notice of the Day and Hour on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire; and every such Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to use his best Endeavours to ascertain and report in all Cases where practicable the particular Regiment or Corps, Battalion of a Regiment or Battery of Artillery, to which such Soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the Depot or the Head Quarters of his Regiment; and in the event of Jus being a Recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his Report, together with the Name of the Place where the Man enlisted.

34. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps, or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps, in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Dep&t of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary of State, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a Report stating the Names of the Persons *by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be

23

26° VICTORIAE, c. 8.

be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Graoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary of State may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any such Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or, if the Regiment or Corps be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Descriptive Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by Order of the General or other Officer commanding to serve in any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

35. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

36. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Army who, having been attested or received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he has enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, forfeit his personal Bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Dep6t nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty.

37. Any Person who shall confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or from the Embodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Person shall at any Time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by the said Justices be adjudged to be

punished.

In Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions.

Transfer ot Deserters.

As to the temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to joining their Regiments or Corps.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

24 26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if, when such Person shall be brought before the said Justices, it shall be proved to their Satisfaction that such Confession has been made, but Evidence of the Truth or Falsehood of such Confession shall not at that Time be forthcoming, such Justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such Person in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a Statement of the Case to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a Request to be informed whether such Person appears to belong or to have belonged to the Regiment or Corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a Letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such Statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person, and shall be deemed to be legal Evidence of the Facts stated therein, and on the Receipt thereof the said Justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the Case.

Furlough in 38. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or case of Sick- any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any ne8S' Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other

Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

No Person 39. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime

aCqU^hr or Offence h7 Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again the Civil Ma- convicted for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the gistrate or by a same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case a ^arrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier martial for "the by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by game Offence. Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

Soldiers liable 40. Any Person attested for Her Majesty's Army, or serving on the permanent Staff 'fH °Ut *ke Disembodied Militia or Volunteers other than as a Commissioned Officer, shall be ty's Service68" liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account only for Fe- of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than meanor w^or Misdemeanor of absenting himself from his Service, or neglecting to fulfil his Cou-

Deb^amount- tract> or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the Misdemeanor of ingto30/. and refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account upwards. of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to

amount

25

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Sbldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or tq any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

41. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

42. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the Military Authorities may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall immediately after giving him Enlisting Money serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

43. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

26 Vict. D 44. Every

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 30/., or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

26

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment,

Attesting of RecVuits.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received Pay, not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

44. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall within Ninefy-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Army, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and upon such Appearance the Justice or some Person deputed by him shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto, he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

45. When a Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, or in the Case of a Recruit enlisted at the Head Quarters or Depot of a Regiment to the Officer commanding the same; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money, and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

46. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration, and taken the said Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested; and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

47. No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit, previously to his being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or, having dissented from his Enlistment, shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, to adjudge such Recruit, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in the Absence of Proof to the

contrary,

27

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration.

48. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered Attested Re-to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or 1

shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, either before shall be liable, at the Discretion of the proper Military Authorities, to be proceeded against Two Justices before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accord- Qr0^f^eartiai ingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct

49. If any Recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend Recruits ab-and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the sconding. Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

50. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment, or to the permanent Staff of the Militiamen Volunteer Force, shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Army, he shall be liable enlisting into to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for ar orces'* the Secretary of State for the 'NYar Department, on the Confession thereof by such Man, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the said Secretary of State shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment, or to the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, as the Case may be, after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Soldier, in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman, or on the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, at the Time of his Attestation, in wfiich latter Case his Service as a Soldier shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia, or Attestation on the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, would have expired: Provided that in the Case of the Militia should the Regiment be within the United Kingdom the Secretary of State for the War Department shall not make such Order without the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Militia Regiment from which the Man shall have deserted.

51. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Punishment of Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Persons offend-Army shall be liable to be tried for such Offence before a General, District, or Garrison juwTrelaUng Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishments other than Death or Penal to Enlistment. Servitude as such Courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in any Colony for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such Colony, or in the Ionian Islands for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Lord High Commissioner, or in Her Majesty's Dominions in India for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General or Lieutenant Governor or other Officer administering the Government of any Presidency, Division, or Province, or within the Territories of any Foreign State in India for the Person performing the Duties of the Office of British Resident therein, or for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local Limits of their several Authorities any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Army; and any such Magistrate or Person as aforesaid shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; but no such Magistrate or other Person authorized to enlist and attest as above mentioned shall be a

D 2 General

Enlistment and Re-enlistment, and Transfer to another Corps abroad.

Soldiers transferred from one Service to another.

Re-engagement of Soldiers or of Persons having been Soldiers for a further Term.

Enlistment of Negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

General Officer or hold any Regimental Commission; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

53. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, or for any Officer authorized by him in that Behalf, to direct that any Soldier attested for any one Branch of the Service shall, on the Application of his Commanding Officer, and with his own Consent, be transferred to some other Branch of the Service, or to some other Regiment or Corps in the same Branch of the Service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every Soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and shall have a Certificate of Transfer delivered to him; but any Soldier attested for the Infantry, and at his own Request transferred to the Cavalry, Artillery, or Engineers, shall be bound to serve for the full Term of such Service as if originally enlisted therein, and any Soldier at his own Request transferred from either of such before-mentioned Services to the Infantry shall be liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment: Provided always, that any Soldier who may have volunteered for the Army Hospital Corps shall be liable, by Order of the Military Authorities above mentioned, to be re-transferred to his former Corps for Misconduct, Unfitness, or any other reasonable Cause.

54. Any Soldier at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which lie shall have first engaged, may, with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, or any Person having been a Soldier, after having received his Discharge may, if approved by competent Military Authority as a fit Person for Her Majesty's Service, be re-engaged to serve for the further Term of Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry, and Nine Years in the Artillery or Engineers, upon making a Declaration, in the Form given in the Schedule annexed to this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any Person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Service.

55. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not bom in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

56. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he

29

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim Claims of an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Masters to Majesty's Army, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless he shall, within One ppren ces* Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British. Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as fchall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured '

Labourer.

57. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by his Master as aforesaid shall be runiahment of taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing

near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be earned; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County,

Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

58. No Person who shall for Six Months, either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, or Depot or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, if

produced,

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Soldiers.

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

Suspending Operation of certain Acts herein recited.

6 Anne, c. 14* b. 8. (L)

Certain Requirements of 6 Anne, c. 14. (I.), as to billeting in Ireland, not now necessary.

26" VICTORIA, c. 8.

produced, shall be Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever; but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

59. No Secretary of State for the War Department, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsover, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be authorized or required by Her Majesty's Regulations or Articles of War, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Sioldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service.

60* e And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First it s is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened ' with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the i Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four e hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and

disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, f nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet ' any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or

Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or

Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting

whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act

to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing c Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their Marche it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer

commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any Time (thereafter have received or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only

during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their March as in the same Act is ' before mentioned, or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport Town in order to be

transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof, should be commanded to march from One Part of Ireland to anotherBut forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act

61. And whereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Magis-

trate or Constable slieuld be obliged to find Quarters for or give Billets to more or other s Soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Surnames should be delivered to him

in Writing under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or Billets for such Soldiers at the Time such Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names should be written together and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with

f the

31

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

the Name of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in Writing by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier,

and be contained in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been (found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enact-c mentIt shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon the Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any List of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

62. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons How and where specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet Troops may be the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-pensioners when assembled billeted-as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates hereinafter provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route,

Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at least where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's

Cavalry

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

Military Officers not to act as Justices iA billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

26" VICTORIA, c. 8.

Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, theft and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and Who are by this Act liabm to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person.or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been So removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so-billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by. the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation1; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man. or Horse billeted in any Place, With another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by' such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom Bitch Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging, where he shall be duly billeted.

63f, The ^Officers p, nd Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and L&efties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except^liCjpWy £ondori) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, jin, the paipe and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all

Qa^es for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, ou Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables lyithifl thpir ^respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet, epph Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, ifiakehand delivfe?: ito the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which -Oaithlhe said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons^ without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words *

64. No Ju stice having or executing any Military Office ot Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom'shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned iif the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void. 1

65. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day ofdihe Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day,

the

33

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpenceper Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Non-commissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

66. All Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Noncommissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under 26 VICT. E the

Interpretation of Act.

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets.

Supply of Carriages.

Hates to be paid for Carriages, and Regulations relating thereto.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

the Authority of the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such,

67. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

68. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted

to

35

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

to the Secretary of State for the War Department within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Noncommissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry morie than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

69. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor Supply of Car-of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, in Cases signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief of Emergency. Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses,

Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the

E 2 ordinary

36 26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

ordinary Supply of Carriages., and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers,

Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and

Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to 'the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, Biver, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels

while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey

thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

Justices em- 70. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions ^buriw Con6" *° ^rec^e Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or stablesforSums Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices expended by shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and

them. Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within

their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Bogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

Routes in Ire- 71. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Boutes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Inland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

72* All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, and their Horses* and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Boute, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, land all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

73. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Boute to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Bate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Bate for such Boat.

Marching 74. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he

arjre °n shall 8? re(lu*re> *° Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive arge* Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall

receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge

decide

land.

TolUf.

Ferries.

37

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

75. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of State for the War Department of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who, have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received* Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of the said Notification.

76. Nothing in this. Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony, or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanors and Offences herein-before mentioned; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Amplication being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any Court of Record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rides hud Ord^s for/th# due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Tilne be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Offence bo discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, 'if he have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum* of Two hundred Pounds.

78. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Army, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

79. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform. Or who, shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for

signing

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with.

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty for inducing Soldiers to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

80. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Beating Order under the Hand of the Secretary of State for the War Deparment) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General or from the Secretary of State in Council of Indies (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

81. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person, who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit.

82. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

83. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment,

he

30

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

he shall be liable for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal Punishment not exceeding Ififty Lashes, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal Punishment not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his original or of any additional Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may forv every such Offence, on Conviction thereof by a Board or by a single Visitor, be ordered to be kept in Prison for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in either a dark or light Cell, and with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, on a Bread and Water Diet, or otherwise; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and . it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

84. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

85. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, on any Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part

of

Certain Provisions of Acts for regulating Gaols to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

40

Penalties upon Civil Subjects oflendjpg against the Laws relating to Billets.

Penalty on Toll Collectors demanding Toll from Officers, Soldiers, or for Carriages;

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, on the Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Legislature.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to Jiim for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, for themselves or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or

other

41

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Soldier or a Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is

limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person, any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Drived of any Carnage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or ally Woman to ride therein, except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself . bif Servants, ot shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force thVOWnet take any' Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done Within ^asbhable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, Such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds not less than Forty Shillings.

88. For the betted Preservation of Game and Fish in Or near Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Ledvfc in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

89. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Co&rt of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

26 VICT. F 90. All

and on Persons personating Soldiers, &c.

Penalties upon the Military offending against the Law relating to Billets.

Penalty on killing Game without Leave.

Form of Actions at Law.

42

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 76.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

90. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that m all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed* in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

91. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall, in the United Kingdom, go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, and in India to the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency to which the Court by whom the Penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice in the United Kingdom who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the said Secretary of State, and in India the Court which shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall immediately report the same to the said Military Secretary.

92. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required;

provided

26° VICTORIA, c. 8. 43

provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

93. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Licences of Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to Canteens-grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

94. All Muster Rolls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to Attestation of be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Accounts.

Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

95. All Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Commissaries, Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and all &c*.to attest Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally eir ccounts* make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some

Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

96. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be Administration administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other of Oaths. Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a Perjury. false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act, found guilty thereof by a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court. In India, in all Cases where any Oath is hereby required to be taken, or any Person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn Declaration or Affirmation may be substituted, if by the Laws for the Time being in force in India such Declaration or Affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the Place of an Oath, in case the Party were about to depose as a Witness in a Civil Action in any of the Supreme Courts at the Presidencies; and any Person wilfully and knowingly giving false Testimony on Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation in any Case wherein such Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation shall have been made for the Purpose of this Act, or any Proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and, being duly convicted thereof before a Court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force in England, or by any Law in force in India, any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

97. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for Offences punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers Articles8 of in the Service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made War.

and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any such former Act shall remain

44 26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

n full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under anj' such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

Persons em- 08. It shall be lawful for all Officers or other Persons who, under the Authority of the ArUdesofWar Articles War, may be authorized to take care of or collect or superintend or direct the to coUect Collection of the Effects or any Part of the Effects of any Officers or Soldiers dying in Effects of Offi- India, to ask, demand, and receive any such Effects to which their Authority shall extend, Se" in m an<* *° commence> prosecute, and carry on any Actions or Suits for the Recovery thereof, India may do and to sell and dispose of or otherwise deal with the same, without taking out any Letters of so without Administration, either with any Will annexed or otherwise, in the same Manner in every Letto^of^Ad- a if such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid had been appointed Exe-

ministration. cutors, and had proved the Will, or had taken out Administration of such Effects; and no Administrator General nor Registrar of any Court in the JEast Indies, or any Person acting under the Appointment or Authority of such Court, ad colligenda or otherwise, or any other Person, shall in any Manner interpose in relation to any such Effects, unless empowered so to do by any such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Officers and Persons are, in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given, to follow any Orders and Directions which may from Time to Time be given on the Subject by the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency which may have Jurisdiction over the Effects of such deceased Officer of Soldier.

What DWts to be deemed Regimental Debts, and1 to have Priority accordingly.

90. All Sums of Money due from Officers and Soldiers dying in India in respect of Military Clothing, Appointments, and Equipments, in respect of Servants Wages, in respect, of Household Expenses incurred during the current Month or since the last Issue of Pay, or in respect of-Quarters, or of Mess, or Rand, or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of Money due t6 any Agent, or Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer upon any such Account, or on account of any Advance made for tiny such Purpose, and also any Chatgies or Expenses attending or relating to the Illness or Funeral of any such Officer or Soldier, and any Sums of Money due from deceased Officers or Soldiers which, by any Articles of War to be made under the Powers of this Act, shall be directed to stand on the same Footing as any of the Matters before mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts, and shall be paid out of any Arrears of Pay or Allowances, or out of any Prize or Bounty Money, or the Equipage, Goods, and Chattels of any Officer or Soldier dying in India, and out of any other Effects of such Officer or Soldier so dying which may be collected or received by any Officers or other Persons acting under the Authority of the Articles of War in manner herein-before mentioned, in preference to any other Debts, Claims, or Demands whatsoever upon the Estate and Effects of such Officer or Soldier; and if Doubt shall arise as to whether any Claim or Demand made in relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, or what is the proper Amount of the same, or whether any such Regimental Debt remains due, such Question shall be decided and concluded by any Order or Certificate to be made by the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency which may have Jurisdiction over the Effects of such deceased Officer or Soldier, or by any other Person whom such Military Secretary shall authorize to act for that Purpose on his Behalf, and all such Payments shall be good and valid in Law; and every Person who shall make any such Payment out of any such Arrears of Pay or other the Premises aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, or in pursuance of any such Order or Certificate as aforesaid, or into whose Hands any such Money shall come, shall be and is hereby indemnified for and in respect of such Payments, and all other Acts, Matters, and Things to be done in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of any such Order or Certificate, anything in any Acts or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

100. All

26" VICTORIA, c. 8.

100. All such Regimental Debts shall and may be paid without Probate of any Will being obtained or any Letters of Administration or any Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative being taken out by any Person, and the Surplus only of such Arrears of Pay or Allowances, Prize or Bounty Money, Equipage, Goods, and Chattels, and other Effects to be collected and received as aforesaid, or the Proceeds thereof, shall be deemed the Personal Estate of the Deceased for the Payment of any Duty which may be claimable in respect of the same; and it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary aforesaid to order and direct the Payment or Distribution of any such Surplus, to any Amount not exceeding One thousand Company's Rupees, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty; and it shall also be lawful for any Paymaster or other Person to issue any Sum, not exceeding the Value of One thousand Company's Rupees, which may be due to any deceased Officer or Soldier, unto the Widow or Relative of any Officer or Soldier deceased, or unto the Representative or Representatives of any such Officer's Widow or Relative in India, in like Manner, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty, the same to be paid to the Person who shall be notified by the said Military Secretary aforesaid as being entitled thereto or as being a proper Person to receive the same; and all such Payments respectively shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made by or to any Executor or Administrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testamentary or Dative, anything in any Act or Acts or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

10L Any Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of any Effects which shall be collected or received under the Authority of any Articles of War as aforesaid, if and when remitted to any Person under any Order of the said Military Secretary or to such Military Secretary, shall not, by reason of coming to the Hands of such Person or Military Secretary, be taken to be Assets or Effects in the Place to which such Proceeds or Surplus may be, remitted, a& as to render it necessary that Administration should be taheu put ip, respect thereof; Hnd it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary aforesaid to^prder that jauohi Effecjts or the Proceeds or Surplus of any such Effects shall be remitted to any Place iq India, either to himself or to any other Person or Persons by whom the same can more conveniently be paid over to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and the Obedience tq the Orders of such Military Secretary in respect to the Payment and Disposal of any such. Effects, Proceeds, or Surplus of such Effects shall be a sufficient Discharge from all Actions, Suits, and Demands in respect thereof to all Persons to whose Hands any such Effects, Proceeds, or Surplus shall have come, and by whom the same shall bpve been paid and disposed of under the Order of such Military Secretary.

102. The Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of the Effects collected or received under the Authority of any Articles of War as aforesaid, which shall remain after satisfying such Regimental Debts as aforesaid, and subject to any such Payment, Distribution, or Disposal thereof as is herein-before authorized, shall with all convenient Speed be transmitted to such Military Secretary as aforesaid by the Officers or Persons employed or required to take core of, collect, and receive the same, and such Military Secretary shall cause the same or the Surplus thereof remaining after satisfying such Debts, and subject to such Payment and Distribution as aforesaid, to be paid to the Executor or legal Representative (if in India) of such Officer or Soldier, or if there shall be no such Executor or legal Representative in India, or no such Executor or legal Representative shall within Twelve Months from the Death of such Officer or Officers claim such Surplus, then and in that Case such Military Secretary shall remit the said Surplus to the Secretary of State for the War Department, to be by him paid to the Executor or legal Representative of such Officer or Soldier so deceased, and such Remittance at the End of Twelve Months as aforesaid shall be a Discharge to such Military Secretary from all Actions, Suits, and Demands in respect of such Surplus: Provided always, that the Administrator General or Registrar of Her Majesty's several Supreme Courts in India shall not, nor shall any other Person by virtue of his Office, be required or entitled to take out Letters of Administration with the Will annexed or otherwise

Regimental Debts to be paid without Probate or Letters of Administration, and the Surplus only to be deemed the Personal Estate to be administered.

Military Secretary to administer such Surplus when not exceeding 1,000 Company's Rupees, without Probate or Administration, and Duty-free.

Effects, &c. remitted not to be deemed Assets in the Place to which Jienwttdao as to render Administration necessary.

Powefr to Military Secretary to order Remittance of Effects to any other Place in India.

Mode of administering Surplus prescribed.

Registrar of Supreme Courts to take out Administration to Surplus.

46 26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

otherwise in respect of such Surplus, nor in any Manner to interpose in relation thereto, unless expressly authorized so to do by the said Military Secretary; and in all Cases in which the Surplus so to be remitted by the said Military Secretary to the said Secretary of State for the War Department shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State to order and direct the Payment and Distribution thereof to such Persons as he shall determine to be entitled thereto, without any Probate, Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty.

Where Troops 103. In all Places in India where any Body of Her Majesty's Forces may be serving are serving be- situate beyond the Jurisdiction of any Courts of Requests, or other Courts for enforcing dSfon^o/the8" sma^ Demands, established at the Cities of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, Courts of Re- Actions of Debt, and all personal Actions against Officers or against Persons licensed to quests, Actions act as Sutlers, or other Persons amenable to the Provisions of this Act not being Soldiers, cLtog 400eX ^e cognizable before a Court of Requests composed of Military Officers, and not

Rupees to be elsewhere, provided the Value in question shall not exceed Four hundred Rupees, and that cognizable by a the Defendant was a Person of the above Description when the Cause of Action arose. Military Court. wj1jcj1 Court the Commanding Officer of any Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment is hereby Composition authorized and empowered to convene; and the said Court shall in all practicable Cases and Constitu- consist of Five Commissioned Officers, and in no Instance of less than Three, and the Court pre- President thereof shall in all practicable Cases be a Field Officer, and in no Case be under scribed. the Rank of a Captain, and every Member shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned

President, &c. Officer; and the President and Members assisting at any such Court, before any Proceed-of Court to mgs \ye ha(j before it, shall take the following Oath, which Oath shall be administered by inge0ath.0 °W" the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having first taken the Oath; (that is to say,)

« T swear. That I will duly administer Justice according to the

Evidence in the Matters that shall be brought before me. So help me GOD. '

Powers of such And all Witnesses before any such Court shall be examined in the same Manner as in the Court defined. £ja8e of a Trial by Court-martial, and it shall be competent for such Court, upon finding or awarding any Debt or Damage, either to award Execution thereof generally, or to direct specially that the whole or any Part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the Plaintiff out of any Part not exceeding One Half of any Pay or Allowance, or out of any other Public Money which may respectively be coming to the Defendent in the current or any future Month or Months, or to direct the same to be so paid by Instalments; and in all Cases where the Execution shall be awarded generally the Debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be levied by Seizure and public Sale of such of the Defendent's Goods and Property as may be found within the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment under a written Order of the Commanding Officer, grounded on the Judgment of the Court; and all Orders of such Commanding Officer as to the Manner of such Sale, or the Person by whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding; and any Goods and Property of the Defendant found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment to which the Defendant shall belong at any subsequent Time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like Manner in satisfaction of any Remainder of such Debt or Damages; and if any Question shall arise whether any such Effects or Property are liable to be taken in Execution as aforesaid, the Decision and Order of the said Commanding Officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient Goods shall not be found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment, then any Public Money or any Part not exceeding One Half of the Pay or Allowances accruing to the Defendent shall be stopped in liquidation of such Debt or Damages; and if such Defendant shall not receive Pay as an Officer or from any Public Department, but be a Sutler, Servant, or Follower, he may be arrested by like Order of the Commanding Officer, and imprisoned in some convenient Place within the Military Boundaries for any Period not exceeding Two Months, unless the Debt be sooner paid; and the said Commanding Officer shall not, nor shall any Person acting on his Orders in respect of the Matters aforesaid, incur any Liability to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Act done by him in pursuance of the Provisions aforesaid; and in Cases where the said Court shall direct specially that the whole or any Part of the Debt or Damages shall be stopped and paid out of Part of any Pay or Allowances, or out

47

26° VICTORIA c. 8.

of any Public Money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with such Direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such Action as aforesaid to be brought in the said Court by any Officer or Soldier against any Officer,

104, Whenever any Court-martial may be held in India by virtue of this Act on any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces, there shall sit on such Court-martial One or more Officer or Officers of Her Majesty's said Indian Forces, if the Attendance of such Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, and if the Attendance of no such Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, then the Officer convening such Court-martial shall specify the same in his Warrant or Order convening the Court-martial; and the Government of any of the Presidencies in India may suspend the Proceedings of any Court-martial held in India on any Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces within such Presidencies respectively; and if any Officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall think himself wronged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, and shall upon due Application made to him not receive the Redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his Commander-in-Chief in order to obtain Justice, who is hereby required to examine into such Complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or by his Adjutant General, to make his Report to the Government of the Presidency to which such Officer belongs, in order to receive the further Directions of such Government: Provided that no Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who may have joined or may join either of the Staff Corps formed in the several Presidencies of India under the Warrant of Her Majesty bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, constituting the said Corps, and no Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who shall have volunteered or may volunteer to join Her Majesty's General Military Service, shall be deemed to be an Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces for the Purposes of this Section.

105. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three inclusive until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provisions relating to Officers and . Soldiers of Her Majesty's Indian Forces.

Duration of this Act.

48

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 186 .

A.B.

HPAKE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock *

A on the Day of for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the Regiment," any Words may be substituted which arc

applicable to the Case], and if you do not come to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken

before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representation at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned Officer serving the Notice.

A.M, or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of in the county of,

do solemnly and sincerely declare, That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was bom in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (6) in the County of (e), and am Years of Age; that I'am of the Trade or Calling

of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case may ie]; that I am not an Apprentice;

that I am not married; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186, at o'Clock M.

by of, and that I have read [or had read to me] the Notice then

given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free

Kit, and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of [instead of the Words " in

" the Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are applicable to the Case

in or for whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions the Enlistment may be made\ for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Ten Years for Infantry and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

_ Signature of Recruit.

__________Signature of Witness.

Note (a), (b), (c). These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the

requisite Information.

Oath

49

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

Y do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________*________Signature of Recruit.

__________Witness present

The above Declaration and Oath were made before me at this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing

his Service.

T do declare, That I am at present [or was, as the Case mag be9] in

A Captain Company in the Regiment [the foregoing Portion

of this Declaration may he altered to suit each particular Case]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and

Successors, for a further Term of Years [to he filled up with Eleven Years in

the Infantry, or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall he required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery, Engineers, and Infantry, or Twenty four in the Cavalry,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station,

Declared before me __________

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

A that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice,

to wit.

the

certify, That Day of

Oath that he was by Trade 26 Vict.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of of came before me at

One thousand eight hundred and, and made

a, and that was bound to serve as an

G Apprentice

50

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That was bound to me to

A serve as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years, and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

Witness, Sfc. [as for Apprentice.]

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured

Labourer.

\ T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to irit. J A certify, That of came before me at

the Day of and made Oath that was bound to serve as an

indentured Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of for the

Term of Years, and that the said indentured Labourer did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's or Purveyor's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have not applied any Monies

or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-named)this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of or

Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cater a, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may be\.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeepers Accounts.

T, Storekeeper at, do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare,

That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and authorized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Farts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned by the Regulations of 19th December 1832 r, g (See Art. 246, at Page 65, of Home Regulations); and I further

solemnly

26° VICTORIAE, c. 8.

solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and

bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at

this Day of 18

__________s

Magistrate for___

__________y

Storekeeper at__________

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

T, Barrack Master of the Barracks at, do

hereby solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and

bond, fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing to same to be true.

__________3

Barrack Master at__________

Declared before me at

this Day of 18 J

Magistrate for

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's Accounts.

f do solemnly and sincerely declare, That the foregoing Pay List of the

Regiment of, for the Period ended 186, contains Charges of

Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Periods set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the, the, and the have the true Reasons

of their Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been

52

26° VICTORIA, c. 8.

effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down against their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the Muster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to, have been actually and bona fide disbursed by me in conformity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein charged, including every Receipt whatever, for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts, is

Also, that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination, of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of 186 (the Date of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 186)and the of 186, the Date of this

Pay List.

Also, that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in this Pay List, in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; and that they respectively reside at the Places under mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence:

Declared and subscribed before me at this

Day of 186

Witnesses

Peace for__________

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant

__Paymaster.

Justice of the

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Military

Accountant.

T HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, That this Account, comprised in

Folios, is just and true, according to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

__________Military Accountant

---- Justice of the Peace

for__________ .

Declared before me, at this Day of

18

No.

26° VICTORIA, c. 8

53

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or " surrendered himself/ *

as the Case may heJ on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps'].

Age -

Height - - Feet. Inches.

Complexion .....

i Hair -.. i

Eyes .....

Marks -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -, > i

[Name and Occupation and Address of the I Person by whom apprehended *

Particulars in the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.__________

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that hef a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant.

Insert " is " or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him $ for Military Service.

Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of § Pr ivate Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, stale the Cause of Unfitness.

§ No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

v

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Limitation as to Time.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[20th April 1863.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the c Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces f should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the ' Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently ' be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or ' Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels,

or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws

relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can ' be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment

within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his c Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline

be observed, and that Marines wrho shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the e Prejudice of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy c Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to make, ordain, alter, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings of Courts-martial, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

2. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than

Three

26" VICTORIA, c. 9. 55

Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his haying absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, Provisions of and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Act to Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for je^y, &c. mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences

which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer The ordinary or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Course of Law Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor 6ther than the Misdemeanor of refusing

to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or No Person tried Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again by^Civil Power tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same cwurt^nar. otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a tial for same Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Marine Offence except by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of ienng' Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the

Ranks by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate, containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

6. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be Marines to be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be the^avy* while subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces on board Ship, by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall.

56 26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

and maybe proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be Subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and with or without any Commission or Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene, Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

Lord High Ad- 7. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for miant Comm?Z execu^ng Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant skms for ^d- Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the ing General Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other Courts-martial, Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the Bi-itish Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, os Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant shall be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene Place where District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of be tried*may ^er Majesty, 8 Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

Power of 8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British

maruS.1C°artfi* ^es consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power m to sentence any Officer of Marines or Marine to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprison-

ment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence of Transportation.

9. Every

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

9, Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10- A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any Country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving, by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. When it is necessary or expedient, a Court-martial composed exclusively of Officers of the Royal Marines, or a Court-martial composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with Officers of the Royal Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person belonging to any One of the said Three Services; provided that when the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, then the Provisions of this Act, or of such Act as shall be then and there in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated as if the Court were composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the Provisions of the Act then and there in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army,

26 Vict. II and

57

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Powers of Divisional and Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such Officers and Soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c., an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial

14. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Porces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines maybe serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him

to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

President of 15. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority

Court-martial. of ^jie Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

Proceedings at 16. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed Trial* to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection, unless allowed by Two Thirds at least of the other Officers appointed to form the Court, shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall ha, ve been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon,

except

59

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

except In Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon,

17. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts*martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

18. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of


Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses.

Previous Convictions to be putin Evidence.

60 26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

Commutation of Death for Penal Servitude

the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

19. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

20. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Seditiomin Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or any other, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces: every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

21. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty,

or.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9. 61

or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer orotherPunish-having Authority to confirm Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried ment* into execution, to order the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

22. Any Officer or Marine, or any Person employed or in any way concerned in the Embezzlement Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, p^nafsei^'^ or other Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, tudet&c" who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

23. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such

Offender;

As to Execution of Sentences of Tenal Servitude in the United Kingdom:

Also in the Colonies.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of* the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England; and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

24. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

Sentence of 25. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a Penal Servitude General or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in 1 any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief

Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

Of Forfeitures, 26. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of when combined pay shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful, for the Srvitude! said k°r(l High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there

serving,

may be commuted for Imprisonment.

C.

63

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

27. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender.shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

28. -Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment not extending Power to inflict to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of p^hment Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Divisional Court-martial shall,

except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the Officer commanding the Division or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

29. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Power to inflict

Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, pj^hnient such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of and Imprison-War, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment. ment.

30. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Power to com-Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawrful for the Lord High Admiral of p^ghi^n^ the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

31. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Power to com-Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, of Scwh or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Divisional Rank, or both, as may be iering. deemed expedient.

32. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Forfeiture of Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional b^SeiT' Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued tence of Court- from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, martial.

whether

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement;

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former Good Conduct, and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted*to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

33. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a Jury of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Sea or Field Service or for Good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any Sergeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have* been conferred upon him.

34. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine Was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of

Service

26° VICTORIAE, c. 9.

Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by $he C)oiiA^fo^eit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion *

Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

35, Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of< his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and, under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

36. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and

26 Vict. I for

65

or daring Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of Desertion or Absence without Leave; or when absent without Leave.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty,

66

26° VICTORIA c. 9.

for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

Stoppages. 37. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial

may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

38. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

39. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, sertere or Ma- [n addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches with IotodSt. below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such

Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink

or

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking De-

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend that he be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B. C, and such Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the proper Authorities.

40. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Power of Im-Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall pneonment^by be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no of n

Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with martial. Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no case exceed Fourteen Days.

4L Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Imprisonment Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award Sentence ^en^er of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to com- Sentence1 mence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall, have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

42. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude or Imprisonment Term and Place under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as of ^P^son-commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed ment *

by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison,

Island, or Colony.

43. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court- Proviso for martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison other than' a Military Ke.moval of Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction or elsewhere, in any Part of the United nBoners* Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Division or the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged,

or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial cither as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the Officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the Case of any such Prisoner, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing, directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military or other Custody,

67

68 26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other Prison or Place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer or Authorities who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military or other Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military or other Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military or other Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place, and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

Custody of Pri- 44. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Militar^Sen- Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into tence in Com- his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other mon Gaols. Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Their Subsist- 45. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up mon (Hois111" House, or other Place of Confinement, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall

diet

69

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

diet and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to he issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

46. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Expiration of Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason

to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or Gaols, upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, specifying the Day and Hour of the Day on and at which he is to be released; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Wriing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines, or the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may belong, shall, by Writing, under his Hand, direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine, and if such Gaoler or other Person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such Marine specifying the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the Sum of One Shilling per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid shall for every such Misconduct or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

47. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for Military Prf-

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in ^Shing force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; Mutiny and and any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the <he

Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military deemai public Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon Prisons, him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge

or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

48. Musters,

70

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters.

26° VICTORIAE. c. 9.

48. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; «and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or snail make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Rank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

49. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

50. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

51. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, Such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Dep&t of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police

Station

71

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not i or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall, transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any such Foreign Dominions, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or, if the Detachment be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding a Description Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Description Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated; and such Sum of Twenty Shillings, and such Fees of Two Shillings and Two Shillings and Sixpence, and all Charges and Expenses for conducting such Deserter to any Prison or Police Station and to Head Quarters or Depots, shall be charged against any Wages or Pay of such Deserter: Provided always, that any such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred, by Order of the Colonel Commandant or other Officer commanding, to serve in any Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

52. For and in respect of any Marine attempting to desert from any Head Quarters, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

53. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into bis

Custody

Transfer of Deserters.

Penalty on Marines attempting to desert from Head Quarters.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

24 & 25 Vict c. 96.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

54. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for [any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, 'or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

55. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure or persuade any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any

Marine

26° VICTORIA, c. 9. 73

Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit,

56. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Extension of Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Furlough in Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on 0 1C ' the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

57. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine, or who Marines liable has received Marine Enlistment Money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's to be taken out Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing only for Felony to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original certain Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be amounting to sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process andup-or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, wardB > of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process but not liable whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be to taken out taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Order, Warrant, Judgment,

Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, not maintaining or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, ^ei^Fa"^or for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, °

or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Marine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of 26 VICT. K this

74 26" VICTORIA, c. 9.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriff or Mayors.

this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

58. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

59. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, and no such Officer and no Non-commissioned Officer of such Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

Questions to be 60. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the put to Recruits Person offering to enlist whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions on en is ng. ag ^e 8aid Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall, immediately after giving him Enlisting Money, serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

Recruits, when 61. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid shall upon deemed to be such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he enlisted. shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

When Recruits 62. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening to be taken Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four before a Justice. jjours after SUCH Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Marines, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and previously to such Appearance some Person employed in the Recruiting Service shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto he will be liable to be punished as a Rogufc and a Vagabond.

Dissent and 63. When a Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall Relief from dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same

n Istment wa8 effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely,

and shall report such Discharge to the Commandant of the Division for which the Marine shall have enlisted; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a

further

75

26" VICTORIA, c. 9.

further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said Commandant, shall be paid oyer to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall, in every Case, give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

64. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration and taken the Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested, and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

65. No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than

Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit, previously to his being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment

Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any

Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or, having dissented from his Enlistment, shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be,

when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to adjudge him to be a Rogue

and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation, purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration; and any Marine who shall have given any false Answer at the Time of or relative to his becoming a Marine shall forfeit all Pay, Wages, and other Monies, be the same Naval, Marine, or otherwise, which he might otherwise have been entitled to for any Period of Service in the Royal Marines.

66. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable at the Discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, ^and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

67. If any Recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

K 2 68. If

Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits until they have been attested or received Pay not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before Two Justices or before a Court* martial

Recruits absconding.

76

Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

As to Re-enlistment abroad.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

68. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the Confession thereof by such Militiaman or on other Proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Marine in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Marine shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired.

69. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall be liable to be tried for such Offence by a General Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishment other than Death or Penal Servitude as such Court may award.

70. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or for the Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne, or on board of which any such Marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion or Detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, if such Marine be considered by such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service, and every such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

7L Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

72. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed

thereon

77

26° VICTORIA, c, 9.

thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

73. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the stud Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

74. No Person who shall for Six Months, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and be borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) shall be Evidence, or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

75. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

76. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall* be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces,

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant

Punishment of Apprentices enlisting.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.

Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.

Billeting of Marines.

78

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables, and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

77. The

26" VICTORIA, c. 9. 79

77. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain Allowance to shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period Innkeepers-not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished 'with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles,

Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Four-pence per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division,

Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Non-commissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

78. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Supply of Car-Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within ria£es* their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next

adjoining

80

Rates for Car-ri iges.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out at least once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables w}thin his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular llotation, so far as the same can be done.

79. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six .Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be madeJbefore the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to

impress

26" VICTORIA, c. 9. 81

impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars,

Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Iceland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever,

80. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Providing for Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by SupplyofCar-their or his Orders, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Cafefof Emer-Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or gency. the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage,

Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants,

Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

8L It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions Justice* of to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or ^aceett^fCCt Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices Sums expended shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and for Carriages, Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within &c* their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

82. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time Lord Lieute-being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to nant of Ireland 26 VICT. - L sign

82

Persons to sign Bontes.

Exemption from Tolls.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

83. All Officers and Marines on Duty or on their March, being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine on Duty or on their March, who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half tho ordinary Rate for such Boat.

84. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

85. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of such Notification.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the

Consent

88

26" VICTORIA, c. 9.

Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good*and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland, for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided, or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, bo cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

88. Every Marine Officer or Marine who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouse of any Person whomsoever, in Pursuit of any Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

L 2 89. Any

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &c. from any Marine.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

limitations of Actions.

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

89. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Marine or Marine Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for Good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be, guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice' may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

90. Every Person (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

91. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

92. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the

Regulation

85

26° VICTORIA c. 9.

Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

93. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Jsles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

94. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. 0. 43.

14 & 15 Vict c. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W.4.

C. 76.

Licences of Canteens.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settlement.

Administration of Oaths,

Perjury.

Definition of Terms.

26° VICTORIAE. c. 9.

shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

95. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

96. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

97. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

98. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers

87

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than m Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

99. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarh, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar9 and within the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

V OU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter A now before you. So help you GOD.

VTOU shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form

Marines Dot to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Duration of Act.

88

26° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

Ido swear, That I will not, upon any Account whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 186

A.B.

r PARE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock *

A on the Day of for the Royal Marines, and if you do not come

forward to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either

to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representations at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned)__________

Officer serving the Notice.)

At A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

I now residing in the Parish of in the county of,

do solemnly and sincerely declare, That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (J) in the County of (c), and am Years of Age; that I am of the Trade or

Calling of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case may he']; that I am not

an Apprentice; that I am married [or not married, as the Case may he]; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or Royal Naval Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military, Marine, or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186, at

o'Clock M. by of, and that I have read [or had read to me]

the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit [as the Case may be], and have no Objection to make to the

Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of " to he filled up with Twelve Years, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to he added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit

__________ Signature of Witness.

Note (a), (b), (c). — These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the

requisite Information.

Oath

89

26° VICTORIA c. 9.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

f DO make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________Signature of the Recruit.

__________Witness present.

Declared and sworn before me \

at this Day (

of One thousand eight f

hundred and at o'Clock.)

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

I do declare. That I am at present [or was, as the Case may be,] in the

Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with such Number of Years as shall be

required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Marine.

__________ Signature of Witness.

Declared before me, __________

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

f of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my

Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of aif Apprentice.

1 T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify,

to wit j A That of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath that he

was by Trade a, and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice

to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of, for the

Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said without his

Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

26 Vict.

M

Description

Description Return of who was apprehended [or surrendered himself,

as the Case may he,] on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Height - - f Feet. Inches. {

Complexion - - j f

Hair - - - j f

Eyes - j f

Marks - - j f

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where - j i

Probable Date of Desertion, and from] what Place - -1

Name and Occupation and Address of the J Person by whom apprehended - -1 / Particulars of the Evidence on which the \ Prisoner is committed; and showing I whether he surrendered or was appre-< I hended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds - r

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Cir* cumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

* - — Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant

f Insert" is " or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military

Service.

---- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert 11 fit" of "unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

91

26° VICTORIA, c. 10, 11.

CAP. X.

An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Salmon at certain Times.

[20th April 1863.]

WHEREAS the Sale of Salmon within the United Kingdom is prohibited at various c " Times; that is to say, if caught in England within the Limits of the Salmon ' Fishery Act, 1861, is prohibited between the Third Day of September and the Second Day of February; if caught in any Fishery District in Ireland is prohibited during such ' Time as the Capture of Salmon is prohibited in that District; if caught in Scotland

within the Limits of "The Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862/' is prohibited between ' the Commencement of the latest and the Termination of the earliest Annual Close Time fixed for any District; if caught in the River Tweed, as defined by tc The Tweed 6 Fisheries Amendment Act, 1859," is prohibited between the Fourteenth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of February: And whereas the Capture or Possession of foul or

unseasonable Salmon within the Limits of the United Kingdom is prohibited at all

Times: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts are evaded by the Exportation for ' Sale in France and other Foreign Countries of Salmon that cannot legally be sold within the Limits of the United Kingdom: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as 1863."

rThe Salmon Acts Amendment Act,

2. No Part of the United Kingdom, however situated with regard to any other Part, shall be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be Parts beyond Seas.

3. No unclean or unseasonable Salmon, and no Salmon caught during the Time at which the Sale of Salmon is prohibited in the District where it is caught, shall be exported or entered for Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom to Ports beyond Seas.

All Salmon exported or entered for Exportation in contravention of this Section shall be forfeited, and the Person exporting or entering the same for Exportation shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds in respect of each Salmon so exported or entered for Exportation.

The Burden of proving that any Salmon entered for Exportation from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond Seas between the Third Day of September and the Second Day of February following is not so entered in contravention of this Act shall lie on the Person entering the same for Exportation.

4. All Penalties under this Act may be recovered in England, except within the Limits of the said Tweed Fisheries Act, as Penalties under the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861; in Ireland as Penalties under the Act passed in the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries; in Scotland, except within the Limits of the said Tweed Fisheries Act, as Penalties under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862; and within the Limits of the said Tweed Fisheries Act, in manner prescribed by " The Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857."

CAP. XI.

An Act for the Registration of Births and Deaths in Ireland.

[20th April 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a complete System of Registration of Births and ' Deaths should be established in Ireland, as in other Parts of the United Kingdom

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

M 2 Consent

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.

22 & 23 Vict. c. lxx.

[Short Title.]

"Parts beyond Seas " defined.

Export of unclean or unseasonable Salmon, or Salmon caught at certain Times, prohibited.

Recovery of Penalties.

[Short Title.]

As to Extent of Act Interpretation of Terms.

General Register Office to be provided, and Registrar General to be appointed. Proviso as to present Registrar General.

Seal to be provided, and certified Copies given at General Register Office to be sealed therewith.

Power to Registrar General, with Consent, to alter Forms.

. 26° VICTORIA, c. 11.

CoDsent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Registration of Births and Deaths (Ireland) Act."

2. This Act, except as herein otherwise provided, shall extend to Ireland only.

3. The following Words and Expressions shall, in construing this Act, be taken and understood to have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

"Lord Lieutenant" shall mean and include the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being: ft Lord Lieutenant in Council" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant by and with the Advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland:

" Registrar General" shall mean the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Ireland for the Time being appointed or to be appointed under this Act, and in case of the Absence of the Registrar General shall also mean and include the Assistant Registrar General for the Time being appointed or to be appointed under this Act:

" Occupier" shall, for the Purposes of the Notification of Births and-Deaths for Registration under this Act, include the Governor, Keeper, Master, Superintendent, or other chief Resident Officer of every Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, and of every School, Reformatory, Workhouse, Hospital, Lunatic Asylum, or other Public or Charitable Institution, and where any House is let in separate Apartments or Lodgings shall include the Person under whom such Lodgings or separate Apartments are immediately held, and any Agent or Servant of such Person residing in such House:

" General Search" shall mean a Search during any Number of successive Days not exceeding Six, without stating the Object of Search:

" Particular Search" shall mean a Search over any Period not exceeding Five Years for any given Register of Birth or Death.

Part I.

Registrar General.

4. The Lord Lieutenant shall cause a proper Office to be provided in the City of Dublin, to be called the " General Register Office," and shall from Time to Time appoint for the said Office a fit and competent Person to be the Registrar General of Births and Deaths in Ireland, who shall hold Office during the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, and be removable by him: Provided always, that the Person who shall at the Date of the passing of this Act hold the Office of Registrar General of Marriages under an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, shall be appointed to the Office of Registrar General under this Act.

5. The Registrar General shall cause to be made a Seal of the said General Register Office, and shall cause to be sealed or stamped therewith all certified Copies of Entries given in the said Office; and all certified Copies of Entries purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the said General Register Office (which SeS it shall not be necessary to prove) shall be admissible as Evidence in all Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions of the Birth or Death to which the same relates, without any further or other Proof of such Entry, and no certified Copy purporting to be given in the said Office shall be of any Force or Effect which is not sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

6. It shall be lawful for the Registrar General, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, to alter the Forms annexed to this Act, regard being always had to the Objects and Purposes of this Act, and to rendering the same more effectual; and such Alterations of Forms shall be published in the Dublin Gazettet and shall thereupon be deemed to be the

Forms

93

26° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

Forms required to be tised by this Act, and shall, within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been issued, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session.

7. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant (or the Registrar General, subject to the Officers, Clerks, Approval of the Lord Lieutenant,) to appoint such and so many Officers, Clerks, and ^Sacrva^d Servants as may from Time to Time be necessary for carrying on the Business of the aPP°m General Register Office, and at pleasure to remove any of them: Provided always, that all

Officers, Clerks, and Servants who may be employed in the Business of the General Register Office at the Time of the passing of this Act shall, if the Lord Lieutenant (or Registrar General, subject to the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant,) think fit, be employed in the Business of the General Register Office under this Act as if their original Appointment under the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty had been made under the Authority of this Act.

8. ' Whereas the Registrar General of Marriages appointed under the said Act has been Power to in-

heretofore required by the Lord Lieutenant to superintend the taking of the Census in crease Salary of

Ireland, and also the annual Collection of Agricultural Statistics, and to perform other raifwhich iTto public Duties from Time to Time, in addition to those he was required to perform under include Remu-

the said Act, for which Duties special Remuneration has been heretofore awarded to him, n^Jj0p)utie811

in addition to the Salary received by him under the said Act; and it is expedient that in pCTfonncd by

respect of such Duties, and of the additional Duties he may be required to perform under him.

this Act, or otherwise, he should be paid by Salary:* Be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, as enacts that the Salary of the Registrar General shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds yearly shall be repealed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to appoint from Time to Time the Salary of the said Registrar General, so that the same shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

9. The Salaries of the Officers, Clerks, and Servants, and all such Salaries and all other Salaries to be Expenses of carrying this Act into execution not kerein otherwise provided for, shall be

paid out of any Monies which may from Time to Time be provided by Parliament for that videdbyPar-Purpose; and the Salary so to be appointed for the said Registrar General shall be deemed liament to include the Remuneration for all Duties which the said Registrar General is now or may hereafter be appointed or required to perform.

10. The Registrar General shall have Power, subject to the Approval of the Lord Power to ap-Lieutenant, to appoint by Writing under his Hand a fit Person to act as his Assistant in a^Registrar51 case of the Illness or Absence of the Registrar General; and every such Assistant, while General in case so acting, shall have all the Powers and Duties of the Registrar General, and be subject to of Il, ness>&c* all the Provisions and Penalties declared by the said Act and this Act, except that such Assistant shall not have Power to make or declare any General Rule, or to rescind or alter

any Order, Regulation, or Approval signified by the Registrar General or made by the Registrar General in Writing under his Hand, or to dismiss any Person from any Office holden during the Pleasure of the Registrar General.

11. The Lord Lieutenant, or the Registrar General, with his Approbation, shall and may Regulations to

from Time to Time make Regulations for the Management of the General Register Office,

and for the Discharge of the Duties of the Registrar General, Officers, Clerks, and Servants of Ticeand for of the said Office, and of the Superintendent Registrars and Registrars, and their Deputies Discharge of herein-after mentioned, so that such Regulations be not contrary to the Provisions of this ^, es of Offi Act; and the Regulations so made and approved shall be binding on such Registrar

General, Officers, Clerks, and Servants of the said Office, and on the Superintendent Registrars and Registrars, and their Deputies respectively.

12. The Registrar General shall, in sufficient Time before the Thirty-first Day of Registrar Gene-December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, furnish to the Guardians of every ^dgUsh 10 Union printed Notices, which the said Guardians shall, on or before the said Thirty-first GwdLns

Day

Notices setting forth Acts required to be done under this Act.

Fees received by Registrar General to be paid into the Rank to Credit of Exchequer. Certain Appointments to he exempt* from Stamp Duties.

Iron Boxes for Register Books to be provided.

Register Books to be provided.

Superintendent

Registrar's

District.

Registrar's

Districts.

26° VICTORIA, c.ll.

Day of December, cause to be fixed or placed on the Outside of the several Church and Chapel Doors, or other public and conspicuous Buildings or Places within their respective Unions, and which said Notices shall specify the several Acts required to be done for the Purpose of registering any Birth or Death, under the Provisions of this Act.

13. All Fees received by or on account of the Registrar General under the Provisions of this Act shall be accounted for and paid by the Registrar General, at such Times as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct, into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of Her Majesty's Exchequer.

14. The Appointments of Superintendent Registrars and Deputy Superintendent Registrars, and of Registrars and Deputy Registrars, under this Act, and the Duplicates and certified Copies of Registers, as herein-after mentioned, shall be exempt from all Stamp Duties, save and except as herein-after provided.

Supply of Books and Boxes.

15. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be furnished, upon the Application of the Registrar General, for the Use of the Registrars appointed under this Act, a sufficient Number of strong Iron Boxes to hold the Register Books to be kept by each Registrar; and every such Box shall be furnished with a Lock and Two Keys and no more, and one of such Keys shall be kept by the Registrar and the other by the Superintendent Registrar appointed under this Act; and the Register Books of each District while in Custody of the Registrar and not in use shall be always kept in the Register Box, which shall always be left locked.

10. The Registrar General shall cause to be provided a sufficient Number of such Register Books and Forms as shall be necessary to the Execution of this Act; and the Register Books shall be of durable Materials, and in them shall be printed on each Side of every Leaf the Heads of Information herein required to be known and registered of Births and Deaths respectively; and every Page of each of such Books shall be numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of the Book, beginning with Number One, and every Place of Entry shall be also numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of the Book, beginning with Number One, and every Entry shall be divided from the following Entry by a printed Line; and the Registrar General shall furnish for the Use of the Registrars a sufficient Number of Register Books of Births and Register Books of Deaths as may from Time to Time be required for the Purposes of this Act.

Part II.

Division of Districts.

17. Every Union which shall have been formed by the Poor Law Commissioners, under the Provisions of the Acts for the Relief of the Destitute Poorin Ireland, shall, from and after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, be a Superintendent Registrar's District: Provided that in the event of any Alteration being thereafter made in the Boundaries of any of the said Unions, or in the event of the Registrar General considering it expedient for the better Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Registrar General to make such Alterations in the Boundaries of any Superintendent Registrar's District under this Act as he may, subject to the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, deem expedient and proper.

18. Each Dispensary District of a Poor Law Union shall, with the Approval of the Registrar General, be a Registrar's District for the Purposes of this Act; but it shall be lawful for the Registrar General to subdivide any such Dispensary District into Two or more Registrar's Districts if he shall think fit to do so, and every such Registrar's District shall be called by a distinct Name. In the event of any Alteration being made in the Boundaries of any such Dispensary District, or in the event of the Registrar General considering it expedient for the better Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Registrar General to make such Alterations in the Boundaries of any Registrar's District as he may, subject to the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, deem expedient and proper.

19. The

26° VICTORIA, c.ll. 95

10. The Superintendent Registrar's and Registrar's Districts of each Union, and every Alterations of Alteration of any such Districts, shall be published by the Registrar General within the *

Union and elsewhere, as may be deemed necessary, in such Manner as the Registrar General pu shall think proper.

Register Office.

20. The Guardians of each Union shall provide and uphold, out of the Monies coming Register Office into their Hands or Control as such Guardians, a Register Office, according to a Plan to be by^upa7dYan^ approved by the Registrar General, for preserving the Registers to be deposited therein as herein-after provided; and such Register Office may, with the Sanction of the Poor Law Commissioners, and if the Guardians think fit, be made in some Part of the existing Poor-

house, and the Care of the said Office and the Custody of the Registers deposited therein shall be given to the Superintendent Registrar of the District.

21. The Boards of Guardians may borrow Money for the Purpose of providing such Power to Register Office, and may charge the Amount of the Sum borrowed on the future Rates of the Union of which they are Guardians, in the Manner provided by the Acts for the Relief for providing3" of the Poor in Ireland with respect to Money borrowed under the Provisions of the Register Offices. said Acts.

Superintendent Registrars and Registrars.

22. The Clerk of the Union for the Time being shall, if he shall think fit to accept such Appointment of Office, and have such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule Superintendent declare to be necessary, be the Superintendent Registrar thereof. In the event of his 1 gl8trar* Refusal or Disqualification to act in that Capacity, the Guardians of the Union shall appoint a Person with such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, to be the Superintendent Registrar. Every Superintendent Registrar shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Registrar General.

23- The Medical Officer for the Time being of each Dispensary District not subdivided Appointment as aforesaid shall, if he shall think fit to accept such Office, and have such Qualifications as of Kegl8trars-the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, be the Registrar of the said District. In the event of his Refusal or Disqualification to act in that Capacity, the Guardians of the Union in which such Dispensary District is situate shall appoint a Person with such Qualifications as the Registrar General may by any general Rule declare to be necessary, to be the Registrar of such District. In any Case in which there are Two Medical Officers in One Dispensary District, the Guardians shall appoint One of such Medical Officers, qualified as aforesaid, to be the Registrar of such District; and in case the Registrar General shall subdivide the Dispensary District into Two or more Districts, the Guardians shall appoint Registrars, qualified as aforesaid, for such Districts, Preference being given to the Medical Officer or Medical Officers, as the Case may be, of the Dispensary District. Every Registrar shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Registrar General

24. In every Case in which any Clerk of a Union or any Medical Officer of a Dispensary Officers of District shall hold Office under this Act and shall cease to be a Clerk of the Union or p?ionI^?d Medical Officer of the Dispensary District, he shall cease to hold his Office under this Act MeX^Officers in such Union or District. In every such Case and in every Case in which any Superin- ceasing to hold tendent Registrar or Registrar shall be removed by the Registrar General from his Office Yfac?to under this Act, Notice thereof shall be forthwith given by Advertisement in some News- under thU Act. paper circulating in the County or Counties wherein the District for which such Officer may

act shall be, and every such Person shall thenceforth cease to hold his Office under this Act in such District

25. In every Case in which the Clerk of Union or the Medical Officer shall not think If Guardians fit or shall be disqualified to accept the Office of Superintendent Registrar or Registrar, and neg!ect to the Guardians shall refuse or neglect, during Fourteen Days after being required so to fp^dent KeY do by the Registrar General, to appoint a Superintendent Registrar or Registrar properly gstram and qualified, and in every Case of Vacancy or the Office of Superintendent Registrar or

Registrar

tenant to appoint them.

Deputy liegis-trars to be appointed.

Books, &c. to be transferred on Death or Removal of Superintendent Registrar or Registrar.

Superintendent Registrars and Registrars to reside in their Districts.

Exemption of Superintendent Registrars, &c. from serving on Juries, &c.

Registrar to learn and register Births and Deaths, as

26° VICTORIA, c. 11.

Registrar in any District in which the Guardians shall refuse or neglect, during Fourteen Days after such Vacancy, to appoint a Superintendent Registrar or Registrar properly qualified, the Appointment shall be made by the Lord Lieutenant.

26. Every Superintendent Registrar and Registrar shall, subject to the Approval of the Registrar General, appoint by Writing under his Hand a fit Person to act as his Deputy in case of the Illness or unavoidable Absence of such Superintendent Registrar or Registrar; and every such Deputy, while so acting, shall have all the Powers and Duties, and be subject to all the Penalties herein declared concerning Superintendent Registrars and Registrars respectively; and in case of the Death or Resignation of the Superintendent Registrar or Registrar, as the Case may be, shall act as Superintendent Registrar or Registrar until another Superintendent Registrar or Registrar is appointed; and every Superintendent Registrar or Registrar shall be civilly responsible for the Acts and Omissions of his Deputy.

27. In every Case in which any Superintendent Registrar or Registrar shall die, or be removed from or otherwise cease to hold his Office, all Register Boxes, Keys, Books, Documents, and Papers in his Possession as such Superintendent Registrar or Registrar, or which shall come into the Possession of his Representatives, shall be given up as soon as conveniently may be to his Successor in Office. If any Person shall refuse to give up any such Box, Key, Book, Document, or Paper in such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or other Jurisdiction where such Person shall be or reside, upon Application made for that Purpose, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for bringing such Person before any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County or other Jurisdiction; and upon such Person appearing or not being found it shall be lawful for such Justices to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if it shall appear to the Justices that any such Box, Key, Book, Document, or Paper is in the Custody or Power of any such Person, and that he has refused or wilfully neglected to deliver the same to the Person in whose Custody the same ought to be, the said Justices shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House or Correction for the said County or Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail until he shall have delivered up the same, or until Satisfaction shall have been given in respect thereof, and the said Justices may grant a Warrant to search for any such Box, Key, Book, Document, or Paper, as in the Case of stolen Goods, in any Dwelling House or other Premises in which any credible Witness shall prove upon Oath before them that there is reasonable Cause to suspect the same to be; and the same when found shall be delivered to the Person in whose Custody it ought to be.

28. Every Superintendent Registrar and his Deputy, and every Registrar and his Deputy, shall reside or have a known Place of Business within the District for which he is appointed, and shall cause his Name, with the Addition of Superintendent Registrar or Registrar of Births and Deaths, or Deputy Superintendent Registrar, or Deputy Registrar of Births and Deaths (as the Case may be), for the District for which he is so appointed, and the Days and Hours during which he will attend at such Residence or Place of Business, to be placed on some conspicuous Place on or near the outer Door of his Dwelling House or known Place of Business; and every Superintendent Registrar shall cause to be printed and published in his District a List of the Names and Places of Abode or known Places of Business of every Registrar of Births and Deaths under his Superintendence, and also his own Name and Place of Abode or known Place of Business.

29. Every Superintendent Registrar and Registrar appointed under the Provisions of this Act shall be freed and exempted from serving on any Jury or Inquest, and from every Parochial and Corporate Office whatever.

Part IH

Registration of Births and Deaths.

30. Every Registrar shall, subject to the Regulations to be made under this Act, be and he is hereby authorized and required to inform himself carefully of every Birth and Death which shall happen within his District after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight

26° VICTORIA, c.ll. 97

eight hundred and sixty-three, and to learn and register as soon after the Event as in Forms (A.)

conveniently'may be done, and without Fee or Reward, save as herein provided, in One of and the said Register Books, the Particulars required to be registered, according to the Forms

(A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed respectively, touching every such Birth or every such

Death, as the Case may be, every such Entry being made in order from the Beginning to

the End of the Book.

* 3L The Parents or Parent of any Child born in Ireland after the said Thirty-first Day of Parents and December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, or, in case of the Death or Inability of the Parents or Parent, the Occupier of the House or Tenement in which to his or her of Births with-Knowledge such Child was born, or the Nurse or any Person present at the Birth of such in Twenty-one Child, shall, at any Time within Twenty-one Days next after the Day of such Birth, give ^fomatfon Notice thereof to the Registrar of the District within which such Child shall have been within Three born; and such Parents and Persons above specified whether they have given such Notice Months, or not, shall, upon being required personally or by written Requisition of the Registrar, within Three Months after the Date of such Birth, attend personally at sqme Dispensary Station or Vaccination Station within the Registrar's District, or otherwise at the Place of Residence of such Parents or Person, and give Information to the Registrar of the District in which such Birth occurred, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, of the several Particulars by the said Form (A.) required to be registered touching the Birth of such Child, and shall sign the Register in the Presence of the Registrar.

32. After the Expiration of Three Months following the Birth of any Child it shall not As to Register be lawful for any Registrar to register such Birth, save as herein-after provided; that is to ^tioifof ^Three say, in case the Birth of any Child shall not have been registered according to the Pro- Month* from visions herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for any Person present at the Birth of Birth.

such Child, or for the Father or Mother or Guardian thereof, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after the Birth of such Child, to make before the Superintendent Registrar a Declaration in Writing of the Particulars required to be known touching the Birth of such Child, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, which Declaration the said Superintendent Registrar is hereby authorized to take, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Registrar, then and there in the Presence of the Superintendent Registrar, to register the Birth of such Child, according to the Information of the Person making the said Declaration; and the Superintendent Registrar before whom the said Declaration is made shall sign the Entry of the Birth as well as the Registrar; and for every such Registry as last aforesaid the Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to receive a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence from the Person requiring the same to be registered, and the Registrar, over and above the Fee in this Act authorized to be taken in respect of every Birth registered by him, shall be entitled, unless the Delay shall have been occasioned by his Default, to take a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence from the Person requiring the same to be registered; and no Register of Birth shall be given in Evidence to prove the Birth of any Child whenever it shall appear that more than Three Calendar Months have intervened between the Day of the Birth and the Day of the Registration of the Birth of such Child (except in the Case of a Child born at Sea or in a Foreign Country), unlesa the Entry shall be signed by the Superintendent Registrar as well as by the Registrar.

33. After the Expiration of Six Months following the Birth of any Child it shall not be Births not to be lawful for any Registrar to register the Birth of such Child, and no Register of Births,

except in the Case of Children born at Sea or in a Foreign Country, shall be given in 1X on s' Evidence to prove the Birth of any Child wherein it shall appear that Six Calendar Months have intervened between the Day of the Birth and the Day of the Registration of the Birth of such Child.

34. If any Child born in Ireland whose Birth shall have been registered as aforesaid Name given in shall within Six Calendar Months next after the Registration of such Birth have any Name ^a^.lc!s"^d given to it in Baptism, the Parent or Guardian of such Child, or other Person procuring within SixC such Name to be given, may, within Seven Days next after such Baptism, procure and Months after deliver to the Registrar or Superintendent Registrar of the District in whose Custody the 5?j5^tion of

26 Vict. N Register

26° VICTORIA, c.ll.

Register of the Birth of the Child may then happen to be, a Certificate, according to the Form (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, signed by the Clergyman, Minister, or officiating Person who shall have performed the Rite of Baptism, which Certificate he is hereby required to deliver immediately after the Baptism whenever the same shall be then demanded, on Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, which he shall be entitled to receive for the same; and the said Registrar or Superintendent Registrar, upon Receipt of such Certificate, and on Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, which he shall be entitled to receive for the same, shall, without any Erasure of the original Entry, forthwith register therein that the Child was baptized by such Name and also the Date of the Registry of such Baptismal Name; and the said Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall thereupon certify upon the said Certificate the additional Entry so made, and shall forthwith send the said Certificate through the Post Office to the Registrar General; and whenever a Baptismal Name shall have been added to an Entry of Birth subsequently to the Transmission to the General Register Office of the Return of certified Copies containing such Entry, a duly certified Copy of such Entry, containing the Baptismal Name and the Date of such Entry, shall in like Manner be sent to the Registrar General, who shall cause the same to be duly entered in the Register without any Erasure of the original Entry.

35. In the Case of any Child of Parents not recognising the Sacrament of Baptism, or Infant Baptism, when any Name shall have been given to any such Child by the Parents or Guardians of such Child other than that by which it may have been registered, it shall be lawful for such Parents or Guardians, within Six Months after the Birth of any such Child shall have been registered, or, if after Six Months, then only with the written Authority of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace presiding at the Petty Sessions of the District in which such Parents or Guardians shall reside, or (if in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis) of One or more Divisional Justice or Justices within the said District (which Authority, upon a Statement of the Circumstances of the Case submitted to him or them, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to give), to deliver to the Registrar or Superintendent Registrar in whose Custody the Register of the Birth of such Child shall then happen to be a Certificate in the Form of the Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, signed by such Parents or Guardians; whereupon, and upon Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, such Registrar or Superintendent Registrar shall, without Erasure of the Name by which such Child shall have been registered, register therein the Name of such Child; and such Certificate shall be certified and transmitted by the Registrar or Superintendent Registrar to the Registrar General, in the like Manner and to the like Effect as is in this Act prescribed regarding Certificates in relation to Names given in Baptism.

Persons present 36. Some Person present at the Death or in attendance during the last Illness of any otters i* uired -^erson dyhig *n Ireland after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight to hundred and sixty-three, or the Occupier of the House or Tenement in which such Death

within Seven took place, or if the Occupier be the Person who shall have died, then some One or more formattoifwUh Persons residing in the House in which such Death took place, shall, within Seven

in Fourteen1 " Days next after the Day of such Death, give Notice of such Death to the Registrar of the Days. District in which such Death occurred; and such Persons as aforesaid, or if such Death

shall not have taken place within a House, then any Person present at such Death, or having a Knowledge of the Circumstances attending the same, shall, whether they have given such Notice or not, upon being required personally or by written Requisition of the Registrar, within Fourteen Days after the Date of such Death, attend personally at some Dispensary, District, or Vaccination Station within the Registrar's District, or otherwise at the Place of Residence of such Person, and give Information to the Registrar of the District in which such Death occurred, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, of the several Particulars required by the said Form (B.) to be registered touching such Death, and shall sign the Registry in the Presence of the Registrar.

Notice to be 37. In case any Person shall, after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight Indinff of^wiv hundred and sixty-three, find exposed any new-born Child, or any dead Body, the Person new-born Child first having Charge of such Child in the Case of the new-born Child, and the Coroner in or dead Body. case

Provision for Name given without Baptism after Registration.

Certificate of Birth of Child to be in Form as in Schedule (F.)

99

26° VICTORIA, c. 11.

case of the dead Body, shall forthwith give Notice of the Finding of the same and of the Place where the same was found to the Registrar of the District in which the same shall have beep found; and the Registrar shall register, after proper Inquiry, all the several Particulars required to be known and registered touching the said Birth or Death, or so much and so many of the Particulars as shall have been ascertained.

38. In every Case in which an Inquest shall be held on any dead Body after the said Registrar to

Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the Jury shall of

inquire of the Particulars herein required to be registered concerning the Death, and the Jury upon Coroner shall communicate the Finding of the Jury in Writing under his Hand to the Coroner's In-Registrar, and the Registrar shall make the Entry accordingly; provided that the Coroner que8t> shall not be required to sign the Register as Informant; but the Registrar shall state in

the Entry of such Death that the Information was received from the Coroner, and shall transmit all such Informations to the Superintendent Registrar, who shall send the same to the Registrar General, who shall preserve such Informations with the Records of his Office.

39. If any Child of an Irish Parent shall be born at Sea after the Thirty-first Day of Register of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, on board of a British Vessel, the ^thg^nbora Captain or Commanding Officer of such Vessel shall forthwith make a Minute in the Log a

Book or otherwise of the several Particulars hereby required to be registered touching the

Birth of such Child, so far as the same may be known, and of the Name of the Vessel in which the Birth took place, and shall, on the Arrival of such Vessel in any Port of the United Kingdom, or by any other earlier Opportunity, send a certified Copy of such Minute through the Post Office to the Registrar General in Dublin, who shall file the same, and shall cause a true and correct Copy thereof, verified by his own Signature, to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the General Register Office, to be called the " Marine Register Book of Births," and the Registrar General shall keep such Book with the other Registers according to the Provisions of this Act.

40. If any of Her Majesty's Irish Subjects shall die at Sea on board of a British Vessel Register of after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Vessel on board of which such Death shall have a a' happened shall forthwith make a Minute in the Log Book or otherwise of the several Particulars herein required to be inserted in the Register touching such Death, so far as the same may be known, and of the Name of the Vessel wherein such Death took place, and shall, on the Arrival of such Vessel in any Port of the United Kingdom, or by any other earlier Opportunity, send a certified Copy of such Minute through the Post Office to the Registrar General in Dublin, who shall file the same, and shall cause a true and correct Copy thereof toFc entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the General Register Office, to be called the " Marine Register Book of Deaths," and the Registrar General shall keep such Book with the other Registers according to the Provisions of this Act.

41. The Birth of any Child of Irish Parents, or the Death of any Person born in Ireland Register of which shall take place in any Foreign Country, if intimated to the Registrar General within Twelve Months after the Date thereof, in accordance, as near as may be, with the Forms Subjects occur-prescribed in Forms (A.) and (B.) to this Act annexed, and duly certified by the British ring in Foreign Consul of the Country or District within which such Birth or Death shall have taken place, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for the Purpose in the General Register Office, to be (b.)118 '

called "The Foreign Register;" and all such Intimations shall be filed and the relative Entries verified by the Signature of the Registrar General.

42. Every Person by whom the Information contained in any Register of Birth or Death Register to be under this Act shall have been given, except in the Case of such Information being given signed by the by the Coroner, or by the Captain or Commanding Officer of a Vessel at Sea, or in the Case of a Person born or dying in any Foreign Country, as herein-before provided, shall sign his Name, Qualification, and Place of Abode in the Register; and, except as aforesaid, no Register of Birth or Death according to this Act shall be given in Evidence which shall

N 2 not

Informant, except as herein stated.

Persons may sign by a Mark before the Registrar.

Correction of erroneous Entries.

Registers of Baptisms and Burials may be kept as heretofore.

Medical Attendant to transmit Certificate of Death to Registrar.

Certified Copies of Registers of Births and

26" VICTORIA, c. 11.

not be signed by some Person professing to be the Informant, and to be the Person or One of the Persons required by this Act to give such Information to the Registrar.

43. In case of the Inability to write of any Person whose Signature is required or necessary under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person to adhibit, in the Presence of the Registrar, a Cross or other Mark, who shall annex the Designation of such Person to such Cross or other Mark; and such Cross or other Mark shall be in all respects as binding and effectual as the Signature of such Person if capable of writing would have been.

44. If any Error shall be discovered to have been committed in the Entry of any Birth or Death in any Register the Person discovering the same shall forthwith give Information thereof to the Justice or Justices presiding at the Petty Sessions of the District within which such Birth or Death shall have occurred, or if within the Dublin Metropolitan Police District to a Divisional Justice or Justices within the said District; and it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, and they are hereby authorized and required thereupon or upon otherwise coming to the Knowledge of such erroneous Entry, to summons before them the Person who made and any Person concerned in making such erroneous Entry, or having any Knowledge regarding the same, and also any Person interested in the Effect of such erroneous Entry, and to examine all such Persons on Oath; and if the said Justice or Justices shall be satisfied that any Error has been committed in any such Entry such Justice or Justices shall, by Authority in Writing under his or their Hands, direct the Registrar to correct the erroneous Entry; and it shall be lawful for the Registrar, and he is hereby required thereupon, to correct the erroneous Entry according to the Truth of the Case by Entry in the Margin without any Alteration of the original Entry; and such marginal Entry shall contain a Reference to the Deposition upon which the said Justice or Justices directed the Correction to be made, and shall be dated on the Day on which it is made, and signed by the Parties applying for the Correction and by the Registrar; and in every Case the Registrar shall make the like Alteration in the certified Copy of the Register Book, to be made by him ns herein-after provided; provided that in case such certified Copy shall have been already made, he shall make and deliver in like Manner a separate certified Copy of the original erroneous Entry and of the marginal Correction therein made.

45. Nothing herein contained shall affect the Registry of Baptisms or Burials as now by Law established, or the Right of any officiating Minister to receive the Fees now usually paid for the Performance or Registration of any Baptism or Burial.

Part IV.

Medical Certificate of Death.

46. ' Whereas it is expedient to establish a Registration of the Causes of Death: Be it therefore enacted, The Registrar shall furnish from Time to Tims, gratis, to every duly qualified Medical Practitioner within his District the necessary Forms of Certificates of Deaths in the Form (D.) hereunto annexed, which Certificates the Registrar General shall cause to be printed and forwarded from Time to Time to every Registrar for that Purpose; and the Medical Practitioner who shall have been in attendance during the last Illness and until the Death of any Person dying after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three shall, within Seven Days after the Death of such Person, transmit to the Registrar of the District in which the Death occurred a Certificate of the Cause of Death in the Form mentioned, the Particulars of which shall be entered by the Registrar in the Register: In case such Certificate shall not be so transmitted, the Registrar shall transmit to such Medical Practitioner a Form of such Certificate, and by a written or printed Requisition under his Hand shall require such Medical Practitioner forthwith to return to him such Certificate duly filled up, and such Medical Practitioner shall, within Three Days after the Receipt thereof, return such Certificate duly filled up to such Registrar.

Part V.

Returns.

47. In the Months of April, July, October, and January, on such Days as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, every Registrar shall make and deliver to the

Superintendent

26° VICTORIA, c. 11. 101

Superintendent Registrar of his District, on durable Materials, a true Copy, certified by him Deaths to be under his Hand, ^©cording to the Form (E.) to this Act annexed, of all the Entries of ^thTRegw-Births and Deaths made during the Quarter of a Year last preceding the First Day of each ter Books, when of the several Months herein-before mentioned respectively, in the Register Books kept filled, to the by him, the first of such certified Copies to be given in the Month of April in the Year R^J^ndent One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and the Superintendent Registrar shall examine the same, and if found to be correct shall certify the 6ame under his Hand to be a true Copy: If there shall have been no Birth or Death registered since the Delivery of the last Certificate, the Registrar shall certify the Fact, and such Certificate shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar as aforesaid, and be countersigned by him: The Registrar shall keep safely each of the Register Books furnished to him as herein-before mentioned until it shall be filled, and shall then deliver it to the Superintendent Registrar to be kept by him with the Records of his Office.

48. Every Superintendent Registrar shall Four Times in every Year, on such Days as Superintendent

shall be named for the Purpose by the Registrar General, send to the Registrar General all 2aSo»Sfi«d the certified Copies of the Registers of Births and Deaths which he shall have received from Copies of Regis-the Registrars of Births and Deaths as aforesaid for the Quarter of a Year last preceding ters of Births the First Day of each of the several Months herein-before mentioned respectively; and the jfed Registrar General, if it shall appear by Interruption of the regular Progression of Numbers neral.

or otherwise that the Copy of any Part of any Book has not been duly delivered to him,

shall procure, as far as possible, consistently with the Provisions of this Act, that the same may be remedied and supplied; the certified Copies so sent to the General Register Office shall be thereafter kept in the said Office in such Order and Manner as the Registrar General, under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, shall think fit, so that the same may be most readily seen and examined.

49. The Registrar General shall once in every Year transmit to the Lord Lieutenant Abstract of a General Abstract of the Numbers of Births and Deaths registered during the foregoing

Year in such Form and at such Date as the Lord Lieutenant shall from Time to Time prescribe; and every such annual General Abstract shall be laid before Parliament within ment One Month after Receipt thereof, or, if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session.

50. The Registrar General shall cause Indexes of all the Registers herein mentioned indexes to be to be made and kept in the General Register Office; and every Person shall be entitled ]^pt-a^offic*-to search the said Indexes between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Four in the searches aiiow-Afternoon of every Day, except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and to have ed and certified a certified Copy of any Entry in the said Registers; and for every general Search of the tapieB^ven, said Indexes the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and for every particular Search the Sum of One hemnmunedT8 Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Stun of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be

paid to the Registrar General or such other Officer as shall be appointed to receive such Fees on his Account, in addition to the Stamp Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

5L Every Superintendent Registrar shall cause Indexes of the Register Books in his Indexes to be Office to be made and kept with the other Records of his Office: Every Person shall be raade .at evei7 entitled on such Days and at such reasonable Hours as shall be directed by the Registrar Registrar^11* General to search the said Indexes, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry or Entries Office, and in the said Register Books, under the Hand of the Superintendent Registrar, on Payment Persons dlow-of the Fees herein-after mentioned; that is to say, for every general Search the Sum of J^c^ing Five Shillings, and for every particular Search the Sum of One Shilling, and for every Fees herein-certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, in addition to the Stamp Duty of named-One Penny imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

52. Every Registrar who shall have the keeping for the Time being of any Register Searches may Book of Births or Deaths shall, subject to such Regulations as shall be. made from Time k

to Time by the Registrar General, with the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, allow wdCertificates

Searches

given of Entries therein by Registrars.

Superintendent Registrars to be paid for the certified Copies sent to General Register Office.

Registrars to make out Accounts quarterly.

Penalty for wilfully giving false Information.

Penalty for destroying or falsifying Register Books.

Penalty for not duly registering Births or Deaths, or for losing or injuring Registers.

Penalty for neglecting to send Register Books to Superintendent Registrar.

Penalty for improper Registry of Birth, idler Six Months.

26° VICTORIA, c. 11.

Searches to be made of the Register Book in his keeping, and shall give a Copy certified under his Hand of any Entry or Entries in the same, on Payment of the Fee herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for every such Search the Sum of One Shilling, and the Sum of One Shilling for every single Certificate.

Fees,

53. Every Superintendent Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times in every Year, on such Days and for such Periods as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, of the Number of Entries in such certified Copies so sent by him to the Registrar General as provided by this Act, and shall send the said Account to the Registrar General: If on Examination and Comparison with the certified Copies of the Registers or Certificates received by the Registrar General such Account shall be found correct, the Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to receive Twopence from the Registrar General for every Entry in such certified Copies of Registers of Births and Deaths.

54. Every Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times in every Year, on such Days and for such Periods as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, of the Number of Birth and Deaths which he shall have registered in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, and the Superintendent Registrar shall verify and sign the same: The Guardians of the Union in which he shall be Registrar, on production of the said Account so verified and signed, shall pay to the said Registrar out of the Monies in their Hands or Power as such Guardians at the Rate of One Shilling for every Entry of Birth or Death included in such Account, and the same shall be charged to the Union at large.

Part YI.

Penalties.

55. Every Person who shall wilfully make or cause to be made, for the Purpose of being inserted in any Register of Birth or Death, any false Statement touching any of the Particulars herein required to be known and registered shall be subject to the same Pains and Penalties as if he were guilty of Perjury.

56. The Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Sections of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery, shall be incorporated with and form Part of this Act.

57. Every Registrar who shall refuse or without reasonable Cause omit to register any Birth or Death of which he shall have had due Notice, or to make any Addition to or Alteration upon the Register in accordance with the Provisions of this Act, and every Person having the Custody of any Register Book or of any Part thereof who shall carelessly lose or injure the same, or carelessly allow the same to be injured whilst in his keeping, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

58. Every Person who under the Provisions of this Act is required to deliver the Registers of Births and Deaths, or Copies of such Registers, to any Superintendent Registrar or to the Registrar General, and who after being duly required to deliver such Registers or Copies as aforesaid shall refuse or during One Calendar Month neglect to do so, shall be liable for every such Offence to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

59. Any Person who shall knowingly register or cause to be registered the Birth of any Child otherwise than is by this Act required after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months following the Day of the Birth of such Child, or who shall knowingly register or cause to be registered the Birth of any Child after the Expiration of Six Months following the Day of the Birth of such Child, except in the Case of Children born at Sea or in a Foreign Country, shall be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

60. Any

26° VICTORIA, c. 11. 103

60. Any Person required by this Act who shall, within the Period specified by this Act, fail to give Notice of any Birth or Death to the Registrar of the District within which such Birth or Death shall have occurred shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

61. Any Person required by this Act who shall, within the Period specified by this Act, fail to attend personally at the Place specified by the Registrar of the District within which such Birth or Death shall have occurred, and to give Information to such Registrar of the Particulars required by this Act to be registered touching such Birth or Death, or shall refuse to sign the Register in the Presence of the Registrar, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

62. In the Case of finding exposed any new-born Child, or any dead Body, any Person who shall be required by this Act to give Notice, and who shall not give Notice forthwith of finding the same, and of the Place where the same was found, to the Registrar of the District in which the same shall have been found shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

63. No Penalty imposed by this Act on Persons failing to give any Notice required by this Act shall be exacted if any of the Persons so required shall have given such Notice; and whenever Notice is required to be given by this Act, the Person bound to give the Notice shall be held to have sufficiently discharged himself, if he shall have put into the Post Office, before the Expiration of the Period within which the Notice is required to be given, a Letter addressed to the Person to whom and containing the Particulars of which the Notice is required to be given.

64. No Penalty shall be exacted in any Case when it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices that the Person failing to comply with the Provisions of this Act, in relation to the giving Notices or Information under the same, has not wilfully been guilty of such Failure, but that such Failure has been occasioned by unavoidable Accident, or by Circumstances over which he had no Control, and where he had used every reasonable Endeavour towards Compliance with such Provisions.

65. Any Penalty recoverable under the Provisions of this Act shall be recoverable in a summary Way with respect to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, subject and according to the Provisions of any Act regulating the Powers and Duties of Justices of the Peace for such District, or of the Police of such District, and, with respect to other Parts of Ireland, before a Justice or Justices o the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, subject and according to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same.

Penalty for failing to give Notice of Birth or Death.

Penalty for failing to give Information to Registrar respecting Birth or Death, &c.

Penalty for neglecting to give Notice to Registrar of finding newborn Child, or any dead Body. Penalties not exigible if Notice given. Notices may be given by Post.

No Penalty where Failure not wilful.

Penalties, bow recoverable.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

FORMS to which the foregoing Act refers.

FORM (A.)

Births registered in the District of [] in the Union of [] in the County of [].

No. Date and Place of Birth. Name (if any). Sex. Name and Surname and Dwelling Place of Father. Name and Surname and Maiden Surname of Mother. Rank or Profession of Father. Signature, Qualification, and Residence of Informant. When registered. Signature of Registrar. Baptismal Name if added after Registration of Birth, and Date.

1 6 th January 1864. 15, George's Street. John Male James Rea 15, George's Street. Sarah Rea, formerly Thompson [if married more than once Surnames of former Husbands should be stated]. Carpenter James Rea, (Father), Carpenter, 15, George's Street, Kingstown. 10th January 1864. John Cox. Registrar. Robert. 15th February 1864

The Words and Figures in Italics to be filled in according to the Facts.

Form

104

26" VICTORIES, c. 11.

FORM (B.)

Deatiis registered in the District of [] in the Union of - ] in the Count/

of[].

No. 1 Date and Place of j Death. i 1 Name and Surnam?. Sex. Condition. Age last Birthday. Bank, Profession, or Occupation. Certified Cause of Death and, Duration of j Illness. Signature, Qualification, and Residence of Informant. When registered. Signature of Registrar.

J 24th January 1864. 10, High Street, Kingstown. i James Green. 1 J/a/ej Married, Bachelor, or Widower (as the Case may be). 1 4:J Years 1 Carpenter Pneumonia, Two Months, certified. ' Sarah Green, Widow, High Street, present at the Death. 25th January 1864. John Cox. Registrar.

The Words and Figures in Italics to be filled in according to the Facts.

FORM (C.)

I of do hereby certify, That I Lave this Day baptized, by the Name

of a [istate the filar] Child produced to me by as the Child of A.B.

and C.D. of, and declared by the said to have been born at

in the County of on the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Witness my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

FORM (D.)

To the Registrar of the District of in the Union of, in the County of

I hereby certify, That I attended, who was apparently aged or was stated to

be aged Years; that I last saw him [or her] on the Day of

186; that he [or she] died on the Day of 186 at; that the Cause of his [or her] Death was; and that the Disease had continued

Witness my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

(Signed)

Profession,

Residence,

FORM (E.)

I, Registrar of Births and Deaths in the District of in the Union

of, in the county of , do hereby certify. That this is a true Copy of the Registrar's Book of Births [or Deaths] within the said District from the Entry of the Birth [or Death] of, No., to the Entry of the Birth [or Death] of

No.

Witness my Hand this Day of 18 .

, Registrar.

Form

105

26° VICTORIA, c.ll, 12.

FORM (F.)

I do hereby certify that the Child named County of on the Day of

C.D. of are the Parents of the said Child

given to the said Child on the Day of

Rules or Usage of the Sect or Persuasion of Witness my Hand this Day of

and

was born at, in the

18; that A.B. and

and that the Name was

18, according to the

to which the said Parents belong. One thousand eight hundred

(Signed by Parent or Guardian of Child.)

[The Words in 7ta7icsand the Blanks for Words and Figures in the above Forms to be

filled in as the Case may be.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to abolish the Office of Secretary at War, and to transfer the Duties of that Office to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

[4th May 1863.]

WHEREAS by various Acts of Parliament, and particularly by those mentioned and ' set forth in the Schedule to this Act, various Duties, Powers, and Authorities are

given to and vested in and exerciseable by the Secretary at War and his Deputy: And whereas Her Majesty hath thought fit to appoint a Principal Secretary of State for the ' War Department, and to transfer to him the Administration of the Department, the ' Duties of which were previously executed by the said Secretary at War: And whereas it is expedient that the Office of Secretary at War should be abolished, and that the several Duties, Powers, and Authorities heretofore given to," vested in, and exercised by ' the said Secretary at War and his Deputy under the said several Acts should be vested in ' and exerciseable by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State and an Under

Secretary respectively:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That from and after the passing of this Act the Office of Secretary at War shall be and the same is hereby abolished, but all the Duties, Powers, Authorities, Rights, and Privileges whatsoever which by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or of any other Law, Custom, or Usage whatsoever, are at the Time of the passing of this Act vested in or exercised or exerciseable by the Secretary at War shall henceforth continue in full Force, and shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in and exerciseable by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Time being to whom Her Majesty shall think fit to intrust the Seals of the War Department, and further that any such Duties, Powers, and Authorities which by virtue as aforesaid a Deputy Secretary at War might heretofore exercise shall hereafter be exercised or exerciseable by an Under Secretary of State.

2. All Monies, Stocks, and Securities standing in the Name of the Secretary at War, either alone or in joint Account with any other Person or Persons, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, after the passing of this Act, be entered in or transferred to the Name of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, to a sole or joint Account, as the Nature of the Case may be, and be subject to the same Trusts and Powers, and be held for the same Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as the same were liable to before the passing of this Ac£; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under Instructions from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, are hereby authorized and required to make the aforesaid Alterations in their Books.

26 Vict.

O

3. AU

After passing of this Act, Office of Secretary at War abolished, and Duties, &c. transferred to Secretary of State for War.

Monies, &c. standing in the Name of Secretary at War transferred to the Name of the Secretary of State for War.

106

Monies, &c. standing to the Credit of the Accountant General in Chancery on account of Secretary at War to be transferred to Secretary of State for War. Orders, &c. to remain in force.

[Short Title.]

45 Geo. 3. c. 58.

47 Geo. 3. (Sess. 2.) c. 25.

48 Geo. 3. c. 128.

51 Geo. 3. c. 103.

52 Geo. 3. c. 151.

53 Geo. 3. c. 81.

57 Geo. 3. c. 41.

58 Geo. 3. c. 73.

6 Geo. 4. c. 61.

7 Geo. 4. c. 16.

7 Geo. 4. c. 31.

1 Wm. 4. c. 41.

26° VICTORIA, c. 12.

3. All Monies, Stocks, or Securities standing to the Credit or in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any other Public Company, and the Dividends or Interest on such Stocks or Securities, which are by any Order of the Court of Chancery directed to be paid or transferred to the Secretary at War or Deputy Secretary at War, shall, until the Court of Chancery shall otherwise order, be paid or transferred to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, or to an Under Secretary of State for the War Department for the Time being.

4. All Orders, Regulations, and Directions heretofore lawfully given or made by the Secretary at War or his Deputy shall remain in full Force, but the same shall hereafter be deemed to be the Orders, Regulations, and Directions of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and be subject to Alteration or Revocation by One of such Secretaries accordingly.

5. This Act may be cited as " The Secretary at War Abolition Act, 1863."

THE SCHEDULE.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of King George the Third, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Pensions, and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate List.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of George the Third, for regulating the Office of Paymaster General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts.

An Act to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on Half Pay or other Allowances under certain Restrictions.

An Act to extend the Provisions of 51 Geo. 3. c. 103. relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like Circumstances.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Militia, and to enlisting of the Militia into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

An Act to repeal 54 Geo. 3. c. 151. and 55 Geo. 3. c. 170. relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental.Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

An Act to amend 58 Geo. 3. c. 73. and Geo. 4. c. 81. for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers; and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company.

An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham.

An Act to amend 52 Geo. 3. c. 151. so far as the same relates to the Retired Allowances of Quartermasters of Cavalry and Infantry.

An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions.

An

26° VICTORIA, c. 12, 13.

An Act respecting the Transfer of certain Funds to the Secretary at War and the Paymaster General.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Payment of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

An Act for rendering more effective the Services of such Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital as shall be called out to assist in preserving the Public Peace.

An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament; and for other Purposes in relation to Railways.

An Act to regulate the Stations of Soldiers during Parliamentary Elections.

An Act for consolidating the Offices of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills and Paymaster of Civil Services with the Office of Paymaster General, and for making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England and Wales.

An Act for further regulating the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and Contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia, and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Military Savings Banks.

An Act further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia.

An Act to provide for the Establishment of a Reserve Force of Men, who have been in Her Majesty's Service.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia;

An Act to facilitate Internal Communication in Ireland by means of Tramroads or Tramways.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And Rules and Articles of War made under such last-mentioned Act.

107

1 & 2 Vict. C. 89.

5 & 6 Vict c. 70.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 95.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85.

10 Vict c. 21.

11 & 12 Vict C. 55.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 50.

17 & 18 Vict c. 105.

19 Vict. c. 15.

18 & 19 Vict c. 123.

22 & 23 Vict.

c. 20.

22 & 23 Vict c. 38.

22 & 23 Vict c. 42.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 94.

23 & 24 Vict. C. 152.

25 Vict. c. 5.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Protection of certain Garden or Ornamental Grounds in Cities and Boroughs.

[4th May 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the better Protection and Charge f of enclosed Garden or Ornamental Grounds which have been set apart for the Use of the Inhabitants of any public Square, Crescent, Circus, Street, or other public ' Place surrounding'or adjoining such Gardens or Grounds in any City or Borough:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Where in any City or Borough any enclosed Garden or Ornamental Ground has been Gardens in cer-set apart otherwise than by the revocable Permission of the Owner thereof in any public Square, Crescent, Circus, Street, or other public Place, for the Use or Enjoyment of the freed from Inhabitants thereof, and where the Trustees, Commissioners, or other Body appointed for Neglect, En-

O 2 the croaclmient8»

&cand vested in the Metropolitan Board of Works or other Corporate Authority;

or vested in a Committee of rated Inhabitants.

26° VICTORIA c. 13.

the Care of the same have neglected to keep it in proper Order, or where such Garden or Ground has not been vested in or placed under the Management of any Trustees, Commissioners, or other Body for the Care of the same, and from the Want of such Care, or from any other Cause, has been neglected, the Metropolitan Board of Works, where the same is in any Place under their Jurisdiction, except the City of London (where the Provisions of this Act shall be carried into effect by the Corporation of the said City), and the Corporate Authorities in any other City or Borough, shall take charge of the same, putting up a Notice or Notices to that Effect in such Garden or Ornamental Ground, and if after due Inquiry the Person entitled to any Estate of Freehold in the same cannot be found, or if it shall be vested in any Person by whom it is held, subject to any Condition or Reservation for keeping the same as and for a Garden or Pleasure Ground, or that the same shall not be built upon, but not otherwise, shall cause any Buildings or other Encroachment made therein within the Period of Twenty Years before the passing of this Act to be removed, and (if requested by a Majority of Two Thirds of the Owners and of the Occupiers of the Houses surrounding the same) shall vest such Garden or Ornamental Ground in a Committee consisting of not more than Nine nor fewer than Three of the rated Inhabitants of such Houses to be chosen annually by such Inhabitants, in order that the same may be kept as a Garden or Ornamental Ground for the Use of such Inhabitants; and the Vestry or Board of any and every Parish or District within which the same or any Part thereof is situate shall from Time to Time cause to be raised the Sums required by such Committee for defraying the Expenses of the Maintenance and Management of such enclosed Garden or Ornamental Ground, or of such Part thereof as is situate within their Parish or District, by an Addition to the General Rate to be assessed on the Occupiers of such Houses; or if the said Owners and Occupiers shall not agree as aforesaid to undertake the Charge of such Garden or Ornamental Ground, the Metropolitan Board of Works or Corporate Authority aforesaid shall, within Six Months after the Notice herein before mentioned shall have been put up within the same, or within such further Time as the said Board or Authority may think it expedient to allow for such Agreement to be come to, vest the same in such Vestries or Boards, who shall thenceforth take charge of and maintain the same as an open Place or Street in such Manner as shall appear to them most advantageous to the Public, subject to the Approval of the Metropolitan Board of Works or Corporate Authority, as the Case may require; saving and always reserving to every Person and Persons, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest as he, she, or they would or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, from, or out of the Gardens and Grounds aforesaid in case this Act had not passed.

Protection of 2. (And whereas it is expedient that the same should be carefully protected from undue froinEacroach* Encroachment/ where any Right to require that any Garden or Ornamental Ground as ment aforesaid be kept and maintained as such, or that the same shall not be built upon, shall

belong to any Person in right of any House or other Property, and he shall by Notice in Writing signed by him addressed to the Metropolitan Board of Works where the same is in any Place under their Jurisdiction, except the City of London, where the same shall be addressed to the Corporation of the said City, or to the Corporate Authorities in any other City or Borough, requesting the said Metropolitan Board of Works or Corporate Authority to protect the Right before mentioned, the said Metropolitan Board of Works or Corporate Authority, after due Inquiry, may, if they shall think fit, accede to such Request, and then and thereupon the Right of such Person to require that such Garden or Ornamental Ground to be maintained as such, or that the same shall not be built upon, shall thenceforth be vested in such Metropolitan Board of Works or Corporate Authority, who shall be fully empowered, for and in their own Name, to exercise all the Rights, Powers, and Privileges in relation thereto, and take such legal Proceedings for asserting, defending, and protecting the same, as the said Person might have exercised or taken.

Expenses how 3. A ny Charge incurred by the Metropolitan Board of Works in the Execution of this to be defrayed. Act shall be deemed to be Expenses of the said Board for Payment whereof Provision is made by the Act for the better local Management of the Metropolis; and the Expenses incurred by any Corporate Authority shall be deemed to be Expenses necessarily incurred

by

109

26° VICTORIA, c. 13.

by them in carrying into execution within and for their City or Borough the Act intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, and any other Act amending the same.

4. Where any such Garden or Ground is managed by any Committee of the Inhabitants of any Square, Crescent, Circus, Street, or Place, such Committee may make, and from Time to Time revoke and alter. Byelaws for the Management of the same, and for the Preservation of the Trees, Shrubs, Plants, Flowers, Rails, Fences, Seats, Summer-houses, and other Things therein, which Byelaws shall be entered in a Book kept for that Purpose by the Committee, signed by the Chairman of the Meeting at which the same shall be passed, and which Book shall and may be produced and read, and taken as Evidence of such Byelaws, in all Courts whatever, and any Inhabitant or Servant, or other Person admitted to such Garden by any Inhabitant, offending against the same, after they shall have been duly allowed, as herein after provided, upon Proof thereof before a Magistrate acting for the District in which such Garden is situate, shall be liable for each Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that such Byelaws shall not come into operation until the same shall have been allowed by some Judge of One of the Superior Courts, or by the Justices in Quarter Sessions; and it shall be incumbent on such Judge or Justices, on the Request of such Committee, to inquire into any Byelaws tendered to them for that Purpose, and to allow or disallow the same as they think meet.

5. Any Police Constable who shall see any Person throwing any Rubbish into any such Garden, or trespassing therein, or getting over the Railings or Fence, or stealing or damaging the Flowers or Plants, or committing any Nuisance therein, may apprehend such Person, under the Authority hereby given to him; and any Person convicted before any Magistrate acting for the District shall be liable for each and every Offence aforesaid to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Fourteen Days; and in case it shall be necessary to state in any Proceedings the Ownership of the Property of such Garden, Flowers, or Plants, it shall be sufficient to describe the same as the Property of the Committee by the Name of A.B. and others.

6. The Provisions contained in the Two hundred and twenty-fifth. Two hundred and twenty-sixth, Two hundred and twenty-seventh, and Two hundred and twenty-eighth Sections of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her most Gracious Majesty the Queen, Chapter One hundred and twenty, shall be incorporated in this Act, and shall apply to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, or any Byelaw made in pursuance thereof, in and for every Matter or Thing done or omitted to be done within the Metropolitan District; and the Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty the Queen, Chapter Forty-three, shall apply to every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, or any Byelaw made in pursuance thereof, for any Matter or Thing done or omitted to be done within any other Part of England and Wales.

7. Nothing in this Act shall extend to or include any Garden, Ornamental Ground, or other Land belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown or of Her Duchy of Lancaster, or any Garden, Ornamental Ground, or ol'ier Land for the Time being under the Management of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, or of the Commissioners for the Time being acting under the Crown Estate Paving Act, 1851, or to any Garden, Ornamental or other Ground, for which special Provision is made for the due Care and Protection thereof by any Public or Private Act of Parliament.

8. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Scotland or Ireland.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76.

Byelaws for Management of Garden, &c.

Penalty for injuring Garden.

Certain Provi sions of 18 &

19 Vict c. 120. to be incorporated with this Act, and to apply to Penalties, See. imposed by this Act 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. also to apply.

Act not to extend to Property of the Crown or to Property under the Management of the Commissioners of Works, &c.

Extent of Act.

26° VICTORIA, c. 14

As to Transfer of Accounts of Minors.

On closing of Savings Banks, Funds, &c. to he paid over to Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt

Receipt of Trustees on Sale of Property to be a Discharge to Purchaser.

Security to Purchasers.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks.

[4th May 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Post Office Savings Banks; ' to provide for the Relief of the Trustees where Savings Banks have been or shall be closed; and to make further Provision in respect to the Investment of the Monies of i Post Office Savings Banks Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the Case of the Accounts of Minors, or of Accounts standing in the Names of a Minor and any other Party, either in a Post Office Savings Bank or in a Savings Bank established under the Laws relating to Savings Banks, the Postmaster-General in the one Case, and the Trustees of the Savings Bank in the other, on the Application in Writing of the Parent or other Relative of the Minor, if under Seven Years of Age, and of the Minor himself, if above that Age, and also of the other Party, if any, in whose Name the Account may stand, shall issue a Certificate for the Transfer of such Account, and of all Money standing to the Credit of such Account, according to the Provisions of the Act Twenty-four Victoria, Chapter Fourteen, Section Ten, anything in the Rules of any Savings Bank notwithstanding, and such Account so transferred shall be opened in the Post Office Savings Bank or other Savings Bank to which the Transfer is made in the Name of such Party, if any, and of the Minor, or in the Name of the Minor alone, as the Case may be; and the Receipt of the Party or Parties making such Application and receiving such Transfer Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Postmaster-General and to such Trustees; but the Money so transferred shall not be withdrawn, except with the Consent of the Postmaster-General, or of any Two Trustees or Managers of the Savings Bank to which the Transfer is made, until the Minor shall have attained the Age at which it might have been withdrawn under the Rules of the Savings Bank from which it was transferred, a Note whereof shall be made on the said Certificate.

2. Upon the final closing of any Savings Bank, or where any Savings Bank has already closed, the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being thereof, or any Two or more of them, shall forthwith notify the same in Writing to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, convert into Money any Property, not being Money held by the said Trustees of the Savings Bank, or by any Person as Trustee for the Savings Bank, and after paying the Expenses of such Conversion, and any Claims thereon, shall account for and pay over the Residue to the said Commissioners, to be by them carried to the separate Surplus Fund standing in the Books of the said Commissioners, and the Monies carried on account of each Saving Bank to the said separate Surplus Fund under this and the following Section of this Act shall be subject to any Claim that may thereafter be substantiated on account of any Depositor in the Savings Bank so closed; and the Receipt in Writing of the said Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, for any Money paid to them by any Purchaser or Lessee, shall be an effectual Discharge for the same, and the Purchaser or Lessee shall not be obliged to see to the Application of such Money, or be accountable or answerable for the Loss, Mis-application, or Non-application thereof, or be bound to inquire whether the Assent of the said Commissioners has been obtained to such Sale or Lease, or to the Regularity thereof; and all Purchases of any Freehold or Copyhold or Leasehold Estates which have already been made or may hereafter be made, with the Consent of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or the Comptroller General acting under them, by the Trustees of any Savings Bank, with the Monies thereof, shall be and shall be deemed to have been as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same had been or were expressly authorized or sanctioned by any Statute relating to Savings Banks; and such Purchases shall not be liable to any Objection or their Validity affected by reason of any Defect in the Right or Power of such Trustees to make such Purchases; and a Certificate under the Hand of the said Comptroller General of any

Ill

26° VICTORIA, c. 14.

such Purchase having been made, with such Consent and with such Monies as aforesaid, shall for all Purposes whatsoever be conclusive Evidence thereof: Provided always, that Trustees of Savings Banks which are desirous of closing shall have Power to compensate their Officers out of any separate Surplus Fund that may belong to any such Savings Bank, with the Consent of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

3. When the Trustees of any Savings Bank shall have determined to close the Savings Bank for the Receipt of Deposits, and shall have given public Notice of such Intention by Letter through the Post Office, prepaid, to each Depositor at his Residence when known, by Advertisement in some one Newspaper circulating in the District in which the Savings Bank is situate, and by affixing such Notice on the outer Door of the Building in which the Business of the Savings Bank is carried on, and shall have paid off Three Fourths of their Depositors Amount, either in Money or by Transfer to a Post Office Savings Bank, such Trustees may, if they think fit, transmit, under the Hands of Two Trustees and Three Managers, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt a certified List of such Depositors as have not applied to them to receive their Deposits or for Transfer Certificates, and of the Amount due to them respectively, and the said Commissioners may thereupon receive from the said Trustees, all Money remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees or of their Treasurer, and if such Money, with the Money belonging to the said Savings Bank in the Hands of the said Commissioners, together with the Proceeds of the Sale of other Property, as referred to in Section Two of this Act, shall be sufficient to discharge the whole of the Liabilities of such Trustees to the Depositors, as set forth in the said List, then the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Trustees in respect of all such Money so paid over, or in the Hands of the said Commissioners; and all such Monies shall be held by the said Commissioners, subject to the Rights and Claims of the* Depositors named in such List, who shall thenceforth be considered to be Depositors in a Post Office Savings Bank; and such Depositors, on presenting their Deposit Books at any Post Office Savings Bank, shall be entitled to claim Payment of the Sums due to them respectively, with the Interest due to them thereon, and on establishing their Claim shall be paid out of the Monies so paid over by the Trustees under this and the foregoing Section of this Act and in the Hands of the Commissioners as above referred to, and the Surplus of such Monies, if any, after providing for the Sums due to such Depositors, shall be carried to the separate Surplus Fund in the Books of the said Commissioners.

4, The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, addressed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, may from Time to Time direct that out of the total Amount of the Capital Stock of any Perpetual Government Annuities, bearing Interest at or exceeding the Rate of Three per Centum per Annum, standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Post Office Savings Banks in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of Stock mentioned in such Warrant shall be cancelled, and that in place thereof there shall be created and inscribed in the said Books, in the Names of the said Commissioners, a like Amount of Capital Stock bearing Interest at the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall by the said Warrant authorize and direct the said Governor and Company to create and inscribe in the Books of the Bank, in addition to the said Capital Stock, bearing an Interest of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, such an Amount of Amnuity for a Term of Years ending on the Fifth April One thousand eight hundred and eighty-five as shall be equivalent in Value to the Difference between the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum and the Rate of Interest on the Capital Stock so cancelled, and the Amount of such Terminable Annuity shall be ascertained and determined by the Tables in force under the Act of the Tenth George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, under the Authority of which Annuities for Terms of Years are granted by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and such Stock and Annuities so created in lieu of the Annuities cancelled shall be held by the said Commissioners for Post Office Savings Banks; and all such Two Pounds Ten Shillings Perpetual Annuities

shall

Provision when Trustees have determined on closing Savings Banks.

As to Conversion of Annuities.

Power to appoint Managers to sign Transfer Certificates.

Warrants to be laid before Parliament.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1863 the Sum of

20,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 20,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by

26° VICTORIA, c. 14, 15.

shall be consolidated with an<; l be deemed Part of the Two and a H*\t per Centum Annuities created under the Act of the Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-three, Section Two, and such Terminable Annuities shall be consolidated with and form Port of the Terminable Annuities created under the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and nine. Section Three, and the Interest thereon shall be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and be paid and payable to the Bank of England, and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Governor and Company for the Creation and Inscription of the said Stock and Annuitiqs respectively.

5. The Trustees of any Savings Bank, at a Meeting called for that Purpose, may appoint any Number of Managers to sign Transfer Certificates; and the Signatures of any Two of such Managers to a Transfer Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to transfer the Amount set forth in such Certificate; provided that a List of such Managers, with their Signatures certified by Two Trustees, shall have been previously deposited with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and provided also, that the said Trustees may from Time to Time revoke such Appointment and appoint other Managers, notifying such Revocation and Appointment to the said Commissioners.

6. Whenever the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall exercise the Powers vested iit them by the Fourth Section of this Act, Copy of the Warrant issued in respect thereof by the said Commissioners shall he laid before both Houses of Parliament within Ten Days from the Date thereof, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not then sitting then in the Ten Days after the then next assembling of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act to apply the Sura of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

[11th May 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, the Sum of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act

26° VICTORIA, c. 15. 113

passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, 48 G. 3. c. i., Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth 4 & 5 W.4. and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter 5 & y}ct# Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and c. 66.

Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, The Clauses,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the in recited

Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all ^ded

Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an interest on Ex-Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in chequer Bills, respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are BilIs prepared

hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by by virtue of virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the ^d° Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for the Bank as any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Security for Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act. such Advances.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and Monies raised

apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to by Bills to be be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of by the Corn-Parliament. mons.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to Exchequer be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, Bills made shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce u^n^c^iw-of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any ProduceTof Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills the Consoii-have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's dated Fund* Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by

Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

Bank of England may advance 20,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

26 Vict.

P

114 26° VICTORIA, c. 16.

a r. xvi.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

[11th May 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Treasury may 1. Towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year r^M^, oooo/. Onc thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Bonds. eqUer Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or Times, but not later than the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bonds to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, and such Bonds shall bear such Interest as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be paid off at Par at the Expiration of any Period or Periods not exceeding Six Years from the Date of such Bonds.

Interest on Bonds, and Repayment of Principal Money.

2. The Interest on such Bonds shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof; and the Principal Monies secured by such Bonds shall be repaid out of such Money as shall be provided by Parliament in that Behalf.

Treasury may cause Exchequer Bonds to be prepared and issued.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, cause or direct the Exchequer Bonds to be issued under the Authority of this Act to be prepared for such Principal Sums, not less in any Case than One hundred Pounds, together with Receipts or Certificates specifying the Interest from Time to Time accruing thereon, to be made out in such Manner and Form and bearing such Date as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners; and such Exchequer Bonds and the Interest accruing thereon respectively shall be transferable by the Delivery of such Bonds and of the Receipts or Certificates for such Interest thereon respectively; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time* subject to the Provisions herein contained, prescribe and regulate how and by what Officer or Officers such Exchequer Bonds shall be signed or otherwise authenticated, and provide for the Manner of Payment of the Interest accruing thereon, and also fdr the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of any such Bonds worn or defaced which may be delivered up to be cancelled, and for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of such Exchequer Bonds as mpy be lost, at such Times, upon such Securities, and under such Conditions and Precautions as they may think fit, and generally make such Regulations for the Safety and Convenience of the Holders of such Bonds, and the Payment of Interest upon the Production or Delivery of such Receipts or Certificates, or otherwise, as they may think fit; and the said Commissioners may, by such Regulations as aforesaid, provide, if they shall see fit, for the Registration of any such Bonds as may be delivered up by the Holders thereof for, that Purpose, and for the Delivery of Certificates of such Registration in lieu thereof, which shall be transferable by Entries in a Register which may be provided* for that Purpose in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners may see fit, and every such Warrant shall from Time to Time be published in the London Gazette.

Application of 4. The several Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Nineteen of the Act of the ls^d I^of^ Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twcniy-'an ° three,

2§9 VICTORIA, c. 16, 17. 115

three, shall apply and be construed to and in relation to the Exchequer Bonds to be prepared 17 & is Vict. under the Authority of this Act, in like Manner as if such several Sections had been repeated c< 23, and re-enacted in this Act.

5. All such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bonds to be made out in Money raised pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the dated Fimd" United Kingdom.

6. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct the Comptroller General Exchequer of the Exchequer from Time to Time to deliver such Amount of Exchequer Bonds made °^r^a^be out in pursuance of this Act as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit. Persons autho-not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, to such Person or Officer as rized by the may be named in any Warrant to be issued by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, T*?-and such Person or Officer shall thereafter become chargeable and be charged with such Amount of Exchequer Bonds as may be delivered to him, subject to such Directions as may be issued to him by the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, and such Person or Officer shall be discharged from all Account in respect of such Exchequer Bonds onproving to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts that he has duly obeyed the Directions of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not be authorized to direct the Issue of such Exchequer Bonds to such Person or Officer except for the Purpose of raising Money to be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England as aforesaid.

7. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bonds to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds (anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Sing William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding); and also for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to invest, in the Purchase of Exchequer Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act, any Money in their Hands on account of Savings Banks.

Bank of England may advance

1,000,000l. on the Credit of Bonds, and Commissioners of National Debt may invest Money on account of

Savings Banks in Purchase of Bonds.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for amending the Local Government Act (1858).

[11th 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Local Government Act, "to amend the Public Health Act, 1848,

1858, after reciting "that it is expedient 21 & 22 Vict. and to make further Provisions for the c. 98.

" Local Government of Towns and populous Districts in England? numerous Provisions

are made for the Establishment of Local Government in Towns and populous Districts that may adopt the Act, for the Regulation of the Sewerage, Drainage, and Buildings

therein, for the Maintenance of the Streets and Roads, and for Police and other Town f Purposes: And whereas it is expedient to place some Restriction upon the Adoption of the Act by Places containing a small Population only, and otherwise to amend the said Act Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as " The Local Government Act Amendment Act, 1863/'

2. The Adoption of the Local Government Act, 1858, by any Place where that Act was Restriction as not in force on the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and the Adoption where the Population according to the then last Census is less than Three thousand, certain Places, shall not be of any Validity unless it is approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal - P 2 Secretaries

Amendment of Sections 17 & 18 of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

As to Abandonment of Local Government Act in certain Places.

Provision for Avoidance of Constitution of District.

26" VICTORIA, c. 17.

Secretaries of State, on Proof being given to his Satisfaction that by reason of special Circumstances it is expedient that such Place should be allowed to adopt the Act.

Before signifying his Approval or Disapproval the said Secretary may cause an Inquiry to be made in the Place as to the Circumstances alleged in support of the Expediency of the Adoption of the Act, of the Time and Place of which Inquiry Fourteen Days public Notice shall be given, and on the Determination of such Inquiry shall give or withhold, as he thinks just, his Approval of the Adoption of the Act.

The Approval or Disapproval of the said Secretary of State shall be published by the said Secretary in the Gazette, and such Publication shall be Evidence of the Fact of that Approval or Disapproval having been given.

3. Petitions appealing against the Resolution of Adoption, and praying for Exclusion from the Operation of the Local Government Act, under the Seventeenth Section of that Act, and Appeals from Owners and Ratepayers who dispute the Validity of the Vote for Adoption under the Eighteenth Section of the same Act, may be presented and had at any Time before the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Date of any Resolution adopting the Act.

4. When a Resolution adopting the Local Government Act has been passed in a Place in which the Population, according to the then last Census, is less than Three thousand, that Resolution may at any Time be rescinded by a subsequent Resolution passed in the same Manner in which Resolutions for the Adoption of the Act are required to be passed, but the rescinding Resolution shall not be of any Effect unless it is approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and Is1 otice is published by him in the London Gazette of the passing of the Resolution and of his Approval thereof.

An Appeal may be had from any such rescinding Resolution in the same Manner and subject t<* the same Conditions, as nearly as may be, in and subject to which an Appeal may be nad against a Resolution adopting the Act; and the Provisions of the Local Government Act relating to an Appeal against the Adoption of the Act shall, with the requisite Variations, apply to an Appeal under this Section.

The Notice of the rescinding Resolution shall not be published until the Expiration of the Time limited for an Appeal, or until the Determination of the Appeal, but upon the Publication thereof the Adoption of the Local Government Act shall be deemed to be avoided as frokn the Date of that Publication, and from the same Date the Local Government Act shall cease to be in force within the District, and the District shall revert to the Position in which it was before the Adoption of the Local Government Act; so nevertheless that any Contracts that may have been entered into by or on behalf of the Local Board of any such District may be enforced in the same Manner in all respects as if the Local Government Act had continued in force; n the District, and so far as may be necessary for the Enforcement of such Contracts the Local Board and all their Powers of levying Money shall be deemed to be continued.

5. In any District constituted under the Local Government Act, 1858, where by that Act the Local Board is required to be elected by the Ratepayers, and where the Population according to the then last Census is less than Three thousand, if no Election of a Local Board in pursuance of the said Act takes place within Three Months from the Date of the Constitution of the District, or if in any such District as last aforesaid the Local Board makes default in appointing fit and proper Persons to the following Offices or any of them, that is to, say, to the Office of Surveyor, Inspector of Nuisances* Clerk, and Treasurer, within Two Months after the Election of the Local Board, then upon the happening of either of the above Events the Adoption of the LoCal Government Act in the said District shall be-void* and the Local Government Act, 1858, shall cease to be in force within the District, and the District shall revert to the same Position as it was in before the Adoption of the Act; so nevertheless that any Contracts that may have been entered into by Or on behalf of the Local Board of any such District may be enforced in the same Manner in all respects as if the Local Government Act had continued in force in the District, and so far as may be necessary for the Enforcement of such Contracts the Local Board and all their Powers of levying Money shall be deemed to be Continued.

6. Where

26" VICTORIA, c: 17, 18.

6. Where any District tinder the Public Health Act* 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, or either of such Acts, or any other Place is surrounded by or adjoins a Highway District constituted under the Highway Aots, such first-mentioned District or other Place shall for the Purpose of any Meeting of the Highway Board be deemed to be within such Highway District

7. The Power of adopting any Part or Parts of the Local Government Act, 1858, given by that Act and the Acts amending the same, shall not be exhausted by One Adoption, but may be exercised from Time to Time.

8. The Public Health Act, 1848, and the Acts amending the same, and the Acts amending the Local Government Act, 1858, including this Act, are hereby declared to be One Act* and to be included under the Expression the Local Government Act, 1858, or any Words referring to that Act.

117

Local Government Act Districts to be within Highway Districts for Purpose of Highway Meetings.

Amendment of Sect 15 of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

Construction of Acts.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pumjftnceof a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales- [11th May 1863.]

WHEREAS the Inckwure Commissioners for England and Walet haie, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Larid," issued their ' Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned id the Schedule ' to this Act, and have in their Eighteenth Annual General Report certified their Opinion

that such Inclosures would' be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded With without the pfevioub Authority of Parliament .:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty j by and with' the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Conuriohs, in this1 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be

proceeded with. t, .,

2. In citing! this Act in other Aota of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Annual:InoJosure Act, 1863, '' or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange* and Improvement of Land."

1J

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

v'.L-SCJctJJ ', ' J V —

iota ©i.iv vx bytowa,

Meltden »

onunou

T

ScRM0-;

aoon -

U I rii.-.'nvr

______pHeiWh'"'-a '

SsiatltevidB — *

Chn$br|pEPb rh ..i- J .*/.

" a^fiDoqkor

i'i . 7 .;

rlri

Hi 'TSTraulA b); i1 o:, ' w - i,

km bffff .frOUntuG

.i County. Date of Provisional Order.

Flint - - h. 13 th March 1862.

Salop 1st September 1862.

Wilts . Southampton -! 1st September 1862. 5th June 1862.

Surrey - - ls^ September 1862.

Carnarvon - 12th December 1861.

Southampton - ' 20th November 1&62.

Pembroke ' 20th November 1862.

Norfolk 1 - 4th December 1862.

Westmorland; ' - 23d December 1862.

Westmorland . 23d December 1862.

j Lincoln - 15 th December 1862 *

Surrey - 23d December 1862.

Norfolk - 1 otfy January 1863, .

Inclosures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

27 G. 3. c. 35.

(I)

Part of Sect. 4. of recited Act repealed.

Recited Acta to be construed as if Six and not Fourteen Days Notice had been originally in said Acts.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 83.

26° VICTORIA, c. 19, 20, 21.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend the Law relative to the Sale of Hares in Ireland.

[8th June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-seventh

" Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Thirty-five, 9 whereby it wa3 enacted that no Person should buy or sell any Hare as therein mentioned: 9 And whereas it is expedient to amend the Provisions of the said recited Act:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act so much of the Fourth Section of the said recited Act as enacts that99 every Person who shall buy or cause to be bought, sell or expose " to Sale, any Hare at any Time between the First Monday in every November and the 99 First Monday in every July following shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Hare," shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XX.

An Act to further limit and define the Time for proceeding to Election during the Recess.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS by the of d*e Twenty-fourth of George the Third, Chapter Twenty-six,

the Act of the Fifty-second of George the Third, Chapter One hundred and forty-

9 four, and the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and ten, the Speaker is enabled to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown 9 to make out new Writs for the Election of Members of the House of Commons in certain 9 Casps during the Recess of Parliament, after giving Fourteen Days Notice in the London 9 Gazette: And whereas it is expedient to limit the Time of Notice required by the said 9 Acts Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of George the Third, Chapter Twenty-six, the Act of the Fifty-second Year of George the Third, Chapter One hundred and forty-four, and the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and ten, shall be so construed as if Six and not Fourteen Days Notice had been originally in the said Acts, and this Act and the said Acts shall be construed and read together.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to amend the Law enabling Boards of Guardians to recover Costs of Maintenance of illegitimate Children in certain Cases in Ireland.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three, intituled An Act to amend the Laws in force for tKe

9 Relief of the Destitute Poor in Ireland, and to continue the Powers of the Commissioners: 9 And whereas it is expedient to amend the Provisions of the said recited Act with respect to

the

119

26° VICTORIA, c. 21.

the Recovery of the Cost of the Maintenance of any illegitimate Child from its putative ' Father during the Time that such Child is in receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates and ' while under the Age of Fourteen: Be it enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act the Tenth Section of the said recited Act shall After passing be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to anything heretofore done under it, and re

except so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Pro- c[tei Ac ceeding taken before the passing of this Act \ and it is declared, that, notwithstanding such pealed. Repeal, any Decree made under the said Section by any Chairman of Quarter Sessions shall be as good and valid, and capable of being enforced as an ordinary Civil Bill Decree for a Debt, as if this Act had not passed.

2* It shall be lawful for the Board of Guardians of any Union to recover, by Civil Bill Power to Board Process at their own Suit, the Cost of the Maintenance of any illegitimate Child during the rlcovOTCMt8 of Time that such Child, while under the Age of Fourteen Years, has been or shall be in Maintenance, of receipt of Relief from the Poor Rates since the passing of the said recited Act, from the illegitimate putative Father of such Child: Provided always, that no Person shall be sued by the said ^tive Father11 Board of Guardians as aforesaid, save such Person only as the Mother of such illegitimate Child shall have stated to be the Father of such Child in an Affidavit in the Form to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, sworn to by her before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions, or (if made in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis) before One or more Divisional Justices within the said District, which Affidavit the said Justice or Justice3 are hereby authorized to take, on the Application of the Guardians.

3. At the Time when the Process or the Civil Bill herein-before mentioned is served a At Time when Copy of the aforesaid Affidavit or Depositions, as the Case may be, certified under the Hand Civi^ Biu is of the Clerk to the said Guardians, shall also be served on the Defendant, and the M^jfter or Affidavftf^ shall be heard and determined as an ordinary Civil Bill for a Debt by the Chairman of &c. shall also Quarter Sessions or otiter Judge having Jurisdiction to hold a Court for hearing Civil Bills; J* served, and and each Civil Bill shall be subject to all the Provisions, Rules, and Regulations affecting heard by Chair-an ordinary Civil Bill for a Debt and the Proceedings thereunder, including the Right of man of Quarter Appeal: Provided always, that such Chairman or Judge shall not pronounce a Decree Sessions, or upon such Civil Bill unless the Mother of the Child shall have been examined before juri^dicUon!6 him, and her Statement as to the Defendant being the Father of the Child shall have been supported by corroborative Evidence: Provided also, that it shall not be necessary for any Board of Guardians of any Union, proceeding by Civil Bill Process to recover the Cost of the Maintenance of any illegitimate Child, at any Time after such Chairman or Judge shall have pronounced such Decree as in this Section is mentioned, to give pt adduce the Evidence of the Mother, or the corroborative or other Evidence of aiiy other Person or Persons, as to the Defendant being the Father of the Child.

4. Nothing herein contained shall authorize any Board of Guardians to proceed against Payment by any Person alleged in any such Affidavit or Depositions to be the Father of an illegitimate putativeFather, Child, if such Person shall, previous to the hearing of such Civil Bill, pay to the Clerk to

the Board of Guardians proceeding against him the Amount claimed by such Guardians in stop Proceed-such Civil Bill for the Maintenance of such Child, together with the Costs theretofore inSs-Incurred in such Proceeding; and the said Clerk is hereby authorized to receive and

give a Receipt for the same, and such Receipt shall be received in Evidence by any Court as a Proof that such Payment was made: Provided always, that in any subsequent Proceedings by tho Guardians for the Recovery from such Person of the Ousts of Maintenance of the same Child, such Payment shall be deemed conclusive Evidence! without further Pxqof, that such Person is the Father of such Child.

5. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the said recited Act, and sht^Lbe This Act in-

construed as if the said recited Act (except such Parts thereof as have been repealed corporatedwith or amended by this Act) and this Act were One Act. recited Act.

Grant of Duties specified in Schedules annexed.

Provisions of former Acts to apply to this Act

26° VICTORIA, c. 21, 22.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Affidavit.

Petty Sessions, District of County of

The Information of Anne O'Brien, residing at Clonmel Workhouse in the County of Tipperary, who saith on Oath that she is the Mother of an illegitimate Child called or known by the Name of John Ryan, and that the said Child was born at Cashel on or about the Second Day of May in the Year Eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and that one James Ryan, of Cashel in the County of Tipperary, is the Father of such Child, and that within Ten Months previous to the Birth of such Child she was residing at Cashel in the County of Tipperary as a Servant with Michael Hayes.

Sworn before this Day of in the Year

Eighteen hundred and sixty- at in the said County.

(Signed)

Justice of the said County.

(The Words in Italics to be filled in according to the Facts.)

Cap. xxir.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue-

[8th June 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom " of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising t^e necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the J Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and byathe Authority of the same, as follows:

1. iherc shall be charged, collected, and paid for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Customs, Excise, and Income Tax respectively specified and contained in the several Schedules marked respectively (A.), (B.), and (C.) to this Act annexed, and there shall be allowed the several Drawbacks specified and contained in the said Schedule (A.), and the said Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks shall respectively take effect at or from the respective Timfes, and shall continue to be charged, collected, paid, and allowed for and during the Periods respectively specified or mentioned in that Behalf in this Act or in the said Schedules; and where no Time is so specified for the Commencement thereof, the same shall commence afcd take effect from and after the passing of this Act; and where no Period is so specified or limited for the Duration thereof, the same shall continue to be charged, collected, paid, and allowed respectively until Parliament shall otherwise order; and the said several Schedules shall be deemed to be Part of this Act.

2. AH the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Allowances and Exemptions, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties or Drawbacks of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties or Drawbacks granted and allowed by this Act respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, or, as regards the Income Tax, in force on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

sixty-

121

26° VICTORIA, c. 22.

sixty-three (except as herein-after provided), shall respectively be in fall Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing*of the said last-mentioned Rates and Duties and the Allowance and Payment of the said Drawbacks respectively, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fally and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandi *, with reference to the Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to continue or revive the Provisions contained in Section Three of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Fourteen; and for the Purposes of this Act the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two mentioned in the Forty-second and Forty-third Sections respectively of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

3. The Exemption from Income Tax granted by the said Acts relating to the Income Tax to Persons whose Incomes are respectively less than One hundred Pounds a Year shall be and is hereby continued; and in lieu of the Relief granted by the Twenty-eighth Section of the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, to Persons whose respective Incomes, although amounting to One hundred Pounds or upwards, are less respectively than One hundred and fifty Pounds a Year, the following Relief or Abatement shall be given or made to Persons whose Ineomes are less respectively than Two hundred Pounds a Year; (that is to say,) any Person who shall be assessed or charged to any of the Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act, or who shall have paid the same either by Deduction or otherwise, and who shall claim and prove in the Manner prescribed by the said Acts that his total Income from every Source, although amounting to One hundred Pounds or upwards, is less than Two hundred Pounds for the Year of Assessment of his Profits or Gains, shall be entitled to be relieved from so much of the said Duties assessed upon or paid by him as an Assessment or Charge of the said Duties upon Sixty Pounds of his Income would amount unto, and such Relief shall be given either by Reduction or Abatement of the Assessment upon such Person, or by the Repayment to him of so much of the Excess as he shall have paid, or by both of those Means, as the Case may require.

4. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the several Duties specified and contained in Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed shall cease, and shall be no longer charged, levied, or paid respectively; and on and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the several Parts of Acts specified and enumerated in the stud Schedule (D.) shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

Exemption of Persons whose Income is under 100/., and Abatement to those whose Income is under 200/. a Year respectively.

Certain Customs Duties to cease on July 1, 1863.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Customs granted, and the Drawbacks allowed, on the following Articles by this Act

The Duties of Customs now charged on the Articles next mentioned shall continue to be levied and charged on and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four on Importation into Great Britain and Ireland; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Almonds, Paste of - - the lb. 0 0 2

Cherries, dried ---- - the lb. 0 0 2

Comfits, dry - . - . - the lb. 0 0 2

26 VICT. Q

Duties now charged on Sugar, &c. continued until 1st August 1864.

26° VICTORIA, c. 22.

Dutiefl on Chicory and Tea.

Confectionery -

Ginger, preserved -

Marmalade -

Plums, preserved in Sugar r

Succades, including all Fruits and Vegetables preserved in Sugar, not otherwise enumerated -

£ t. d.

the lb. 0 0 2

the lb. 0 0 2

the lb. 0 0 2

the lb. 0 0 2

the lb. 0 0 2

Sugar, viz .:

Candy, Brown or White, Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process

equal in Quality thereto - - the Cwt. 0 18 4

White Clayed Sugar or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to

White Clayed not being refined or equal in Quality to refined the Cwt. 0 1G 0 Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed S ugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - the Cwt. 0 13 10

Brown Muscovado or any other Sugar, not being equal in Quality to Yellow

Muscovado or Brown Clayed Sugar - - the Cwt 0 12 8

Cane Juice - the Cwt. 0 10 4

Molasses - - the Cwt 0 5 0

The following Drawbacks shall be allowed on Exportation to Foreign Parts, or on Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, of the several Descriptions of Refined Sugar herein-after mentioned, on and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Upon Refined Sugar in Loaf, complete or whole, or Lumps, duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout, or Sugar Candy, or Sugar refined by the Centrifugal Machine or by any other Process, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard, No, 3, approved by the Lords of the Treasury, for every Cwt. - -0 17 2

Upon such Refined Sugar, already described, if pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters, for every Cwt. - -0 17 2

Upon Refined Sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 1, approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than Five per Centum Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove, for every Cwt. - -0164

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample,

No. 2, approved by the Lords of the Treasury, for every Cwt. - - 0 15 1

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, being inferior in Quality to the said Export

Standard Sample, No. 2, for every Cwt. - - 0 12 8

In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on the Articles under mentioned, the following Duties of Customs shall on and after the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three be charged thereon on Importation into Great Britain and Ireland; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Chicory or any other Vegetable Matter applicable to the Uses of Chicory or Coffee, viz. s ..

Raw, or Kiln dried - - - the Cwt 16 6

123

26° VICTORIA, c. 22.

On and after4 the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three Until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four:

£ *. d.

Tea - the lb. 0 1 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

Containing the Duties of Excise granted by this Act.

Chicory

For and upon all Chicory or any other Vegetable Matter applicable to the Uses of Chicory or Coffee grown in the United Kingdom:

For every Hundredweight thereof, raw or Kiln dried, until the First Day. of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the Excise Duty of One Pound One Shilling and Ninepence, and on and after that Day the Duty of Twenty-four Shillings and Threepence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundredweight, —

In lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable on Chicory or such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act.

For One Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains mentioned or described as chargeable In the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-iour, the following Rates and Duties; (that is to say,)

For every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains, (except those chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act,) the Rate or Duty of Sevenpence:

And for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act* for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, —

In England, the Rate or Duty of Threepence Halfpenny;

And in Scotland and Ireland respectively, the Rate or Duty of Twopence Halfpenny.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Specifying certain Duties of Customs which are to cease, and Pa&ts of Acts which arc

repealed by this Act.

On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, the several Duties herein mentioned shall cease and determine, and the several Parts of Acts respectively specified and enumerated herein shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say.

So much of the Act Twenty-three and Twenty-four Victoria, Chapter One hundred and ten, relating to Rates and Charges on Importation, as directs that there shall be charged (irrespective of any Duties of Customs or other Rates or Charges payable by Law) upon the Importation of all Goods into Great Britain and Ireland, except Corn, Grain, and Flour, and Timber and Wood Goods, and Goods in Transit exported under Bond, and Goods imported for Exportation in the same Ship, provided they be so reported, the respective Rates and Charges following, as defined and required by the Provisions of "The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860," and under and subject thereto; that is so 6ay,

s. cl

Goods in Packages or Parcels, per Package or Parcel, or other Unit of Entry - 0 1

Goods in Bulk, by Weight, Measure, or Number, for each Unit of Entry -01

Animals, per Head, or other Unit of Entry - -01

15 & 16 Vict. c. 72.

Fart of Sect 80 of 15 & 16 Vict c. 72. repealed.

What shall be deemed the Limits of the Colony.

26° VICTORIA, c. 22, 23, 24.

Also so much of said last-mentioned Act as relates to Charges on Goods exported, as directs that there shall be charged (irrespective of any Duties of Customs, or other Bates or Charges payable by Law,) upon every Customs Bill of Lading on the Exportation of any Goods from Great Britain and Ireland, as required by the Provisions of "The Customs Amendment Act, 1860," and under and subject thereto, 1*. 6d.

Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Nineteen of the Act of Twenty-three Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two.

Section Twenty of the Act of Twenty-three Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two, except so much thereof as requires the Delivery at the Time of Entry of Particulars, in the Manner therein mentioned of Goods free of Duties of Customs on Importation.

Section Twenty-one of the Act of Twenty-three Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two, except so much thereof as constitutes the Shipping Bi11, or the Bill of Lading, as the Case may be, in the Manner and with the Particulars thereby required, the Entry outwards of Goods exported in respect of which no Bond is required.

Sections Twenty-three and Twenty-four, and Sections Twenty-seven to Thirty-five inclusive, of the Act of Twenty-three Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two.

Section Five of the Act of Twenty-three and Twenty-four Victoria, Chapter One hundred and ten.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to alter the Boundaries of New Zealand.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Eightieth Section of an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty,

* Chapter Seventy-two, intituled An Act to grant a Representative Constitution to the

Colony of New Zealand, it was provided, that for the Purposes of that Act the said Colony should be held to include the Territories therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient ' to alter the Lvrrts of the said Colony as declared by the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, So much of the Eightieth Section of Jhe aforesaid Act of Parliament as declares the Limits of the Colony of New Zealand lot the Purposes of the said Act is repealed.

2. The Colony of New Zealand shall for the Purpose* of the said Act and for all other Purposes whatever be deemed to comprise all Territories, Islands, and Countries lying between the One hundred and sixty-second Degree of East Longitude and the One hundred and seventy-third Degree of West Longitude, and between the Thirty-third and Fifty-third Parallels of South Latitude.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Vice Admirals and of Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, and to confirm the past Proceedings, to extend the Jurisdiction, and to amend the Practice of those Courts.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate the Appointment of Vice Admirals and of Officers in Vice Admiralty Courts in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, and to con firm the past Proceedings, to extend the Jurisdiction, and to amend the Practice of those Courts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

125

26° VICTORIA, c. 24.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the Vice Admiralty Courts Act, 1863."

2. In the Interpretation and for the Purposes of this Act (if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter) the following Terms shall have the respective Meanings hereinafter assigned to them; that is to say,

"Her Majesty" shall mean Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors:

The " Admiralty" shall mean the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing his Office:

"British Possession" shall mean any Colony, Plantation, Settlement, Island, or Territory being a Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, but not being within the Limits of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of Her Majesty's Possessions in India:

"Governor" shall mean the Officer for the Time being lawfully administering the Government of any British Possession:

"Vice Admiralty Court" shall mean any of the existing Vice Admiralty Courts enumerated in the Schedule marked A hereto annexed, or any Vice Admiralty Court which shall hereafter be established in any British Possession:

" Ship " shall include every Description of Vessel used in Navigation not propelled by Oars only, whether British or Foreign:

" Cause " shall include any Cause, Suit, Action, or other Proceeding instituted in any Vice Admiralty Court

3. In any British Possession, where the Office of Vice Admiral is now or shall at any lime hereafter become vacant, the Governor of such Possession shall be ex officio Vice Admiral thereof, until a Notification is received in the Possession that a formal Appointment to that Office has been made by the Admiralty in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

4. In any British Possession, where the Office of Judge of a Vice Admiralty Court is now or shall at any Time hereafter become vacant, the Chief Justice, or the .principal Judicial Officer of such Possession; or the Person, for the Time being lawfully authorized to act as such, shall be ex officio Judge of the Vice Admiralty Conrt, until a Notification is received in the Possession that a formal Appointment to that Office has been made by the Admiralty in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

, , j . / I.

5. In any British Possession, where the Office of Registrar or Marsbalof any Vice Admiralty Court is now or shall at any Time hereafter become vacant, the Judge of the Court may, with the Approval of the Governor, appoint borne Person to the vacant Office, until a Notification is received in the Possession that a formal Appointment thereto has been made by the Admiralty in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, and may, for good and reasonable Cause, to be approved by the Governor, remove the Person so appointed; The Judge may also appoint some Person to act as Registrar or Marshal during the temporary Absence of either of those Officers.

6. On any Vacancy in the Office of Judge, Registrar, or Marshal of any Vice Admiralty Court, the Governor of the British Possession in which the Court is established shall, as soon as is practicable, communicate to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State the Fact of the Vacancy, and the Name of the Person succeeding or appointed to the vacant Office.

7. Nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to affect the Power of the Admiralty to appoint any vice Admiral, or any Judge, Registrar, Marshal, or otter Officer of any Vice Admiralty Court, as heretofore, by Warrant from the Admiralty, and by Letters Patent issued under Seal of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

8. No Act done by any Person in the Capacity of Judge, Registrar, or Marshal of any Vice Admiralty Court, which shall not have been Bet aside by any competent Authority before the passing of this Act, shall be held invalid by reason that such Person had not been duly appointed, but all such Acts shall be as valid and effectual os if done by a Person duly appointed.

9. No

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Appointment of Vice Admiral.

Appointment of Judge.

Appointment of Registrar and Marshal.

Names of Appointees, &c. to be notified to the Home Government. Saying the Powers of the Admiralty.

Past Proceedings confirmed.

126 26° VICTORIA, c. 24.

Protection of Officers.

Jurisdiction of Vice Admiralty Courts.

Jurisdiction of Vice Admiralty Courts.

Nothing to restrict existing Jurisdictions.

9. No Action, Prosecution, or other Proceeding shall be brought against any such Person

by reason of the Illegality or Informality of any Act hereby declared to be valid and effectual.

10. The Matters in respect of which the Vice Admiralty Courts shall have Jurisdiction are as follow:

(1.) Claims for Seamen's Wages:

(2.) Claims for Master's Wages, and for his Disbursements on account of the Ship:

(3.) Claims in respect of Pilotage:

(4.) Claims in respect of Salvage of any Ship, or of Life or Goods therefrom:

(5.) Claims in respect of Towage:

(6.) Claims for Damage done by any Ship:

(7.) Claims in respect of Bottomry or Respondentia Bonds:

(8.) Claims in respect of any Mortgage where the Ship has been sold by a Decree of the Vice Admiralty Court, and the Proceeds are under its Control:

(9.) Claims between the Owners of any Ship registered in the Possession, in which the Court is established, touching the Ownership, Possession, Employment, or Earnings of such Ship:

(10.) Claims for Necessaries supplied, in the Possession in which the Court is established, to any Ship of which no Owner or Part Owner is domiciled within the Possession at the Time of the Necessaries being supplied:

(11.) Claims in respect of the building, equipping, or repairing within any British Possession of any Ship of which no Owner or Part Owner is domiciled within the Possession at the Time of the Work being done.

11. The Vice Admiralty Courts shall also have Jurisdiction —

(1.) Tn all Cases of Breach of the feegulations and Instructions relating to Her Majesty's Nkvy at Sea:

(2.) In all Matters arising out of Droits of Admiralty.

12. Nothing contained in this Act shall be construed to take away or restrict the Jurisdiction conferred upon any Vice Admiralty Court by any Act of Parliament in respect of Seizures for Breach of the Revenue, Customs, Trade, or Navigation Laws, or of the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade, or to the Capture and Destruction of Pirates and Piratical Vessels, or any other Jurisdiction now lawfully exercised by any such Court; or any Jurisdiction now lawfully exercised by any other Court within Her Majesty's Dominions.

As to Matters

13. The Jurisdiction of the Vice Admiralty Courts, except where it is expressly confined arising beyond by this Act to Matters arising within the Possession in which the Court is established, may Cobnyof he exercised, whether the Cause or Right of Action has arisen within or beyond the Limits of such Possession.

Her Majesty

14. Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, from Time to Time establish Rules touching empowered to the Practice to be observed in the Vice Admiralty Courts, as also Tables of the Fees to be alter Rd^and taken by the Officers and Practitioners thereof for all Acts to be done therein, and may Tables of Fee *, repeal and alter the existing and all future Rules mid Tables of Fees, and establish new Rules and Tables of Fees in addition thereto, or in lieu thereof.

Rules and

15. A Copy of any Rules or Tables of Fees which may at any Time be established

Tables of Fees shall be laid before the House of Commons within Three MpntliB from the establishing fore^he House thereof, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, or if the Session shall terminate within of Commons. One Month from that Date, then within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session.

To be entered in the Records of the Courts.

16. The Rules and Tables of Fees in force in any Vice Admiralty Court shall, as soon as possible after they have bqen received in the British Possession in which the Court is established, be entered by the Registrar in the public Books or Records of the Court; and the Books or Records in which they are so entered shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of the Practitioners and Suitors in the Court

17. A

26" VICTORIA c, 24. 127

17. A Copy of the Buies and Tables of Fees in force in any Vice Admiralty Court shall To be hung up be kept constantly hung up in some conspicuous Place as well in the Court as in the Office in Cort» of the Registrar.

18. The Fees established for any Vice Admiralty Court shall, after the Date fixed for Established

them to come into operation, be the only Fees which shall be taken by the Officers and Fees to be the Practitioners of the Court . S£nFees

19. Any Person who shall feel himself aggrieved by the Charges of any of the Taxation may

Practitioners in any Vice Admiralty Court, or by the Taxation thereof by the Officers of the rt

Court, may apply to the High Court of Admiralty of England to have the Charges taxed, of Admiralty! or the Taxation thereof revised.

20. The Registrar of any Vice Admiralty Court shall have Power to administer Oaths in Registrar may relation to any Matter depending in the Court; and any Person who shall wilfully swear ^minister falsely in any Proceeding before the Registrar, or before any other Person authorized to at 8' administer Oaths in the Court, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to all

the Penalties attaching to wilful and corrupt Perjury.

21. If a Cause of Damage by Collision he instituted in any Vice Admiralty Court, and As to the the Defendant institute a Cross Cause in respect of the same Collision, the Judge may, on Hearing of Application of either Party, direct both Causes to be heard at the same Time and on the Cr08S Causes* same Evidence; and if the Ship of the Defendant in one of the Causes has been arrested,

or Security given by him to answer Judgment, but the Ship of the Defendant in the other Cause cannot be arrested, and Security has not been given to answer Judgment therein, the Court may, if it think fit, suspend the Proceedings in the former Cause until Security has been given to answer Judgment in the latter Canse.

22. T^e Appeal from a Decree or Order of a Vice Admiralty Court lies to Her Majesty No Appeal in Council; but no Appeal shall be allowed, save by Permission of the Judge, from any Decree or Order not having the Force or Effect of a definitive Sentence or final Order. Order!0* *

23. The Time for appealing from any Decree or Order of a Vice Admiralty Court shall, Appeal to be notwithstanding any existing Enactment to the contrary, be limited to Six Months from the made within Date of the Decree or Order appealed from; and no Appeal shall be allowed where the lx on Petition of Appeal to Her Majesty shall not have been lodged in the Registry of the

High Court of Admiralty and of Appeals within that Time, unless Her Majesty in Council shall, On the Report and Recommendation of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, be pleased to allow the Appeal to be prosecuted, notwithstanding that the Petition of Appeal has not been lodged within the Time prescribed.

24. The Acts enumerated in the Schedule hereto annexed marked B. are hereby repealed Act* repealed, to the Extent therein mentioned, but the Repeal thereof shall not affect the Validity of any Savyj?^le, B Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Tables of Fees heretofore established and now in force, in ^)er18 pursuance of the Act of the Second and Third William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one; but 2 & 3 W.4. such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Table of Fees shall continue in force until repealed or c- 51 altered under the Provisions of this Act.

List of the existing! Vice

Antigua.

Bahamas.

Barbadoes.

Bermuda.

British Columbia.

British Guiana.

British Honduras.

SCHEDULE A.

Admiralty Courts to which this Act applies.

Cape of Good Hope. Ceylon.

Dominica.

Falkland Islands. Gambia River. Gibraltar.

Gold Coast

Grenada.

Hong Kong.

Jamaica.

Labuan.

Lagos.

Lower Canada, otherwise Quebec.

128

Malta.

Mauritius.

Montserrat.

Natal.

Nevis.

New Brunswick. Newfoundland. New South Wales. New Zealand.

26° VICTORIA, c. 24, 25.

Nova Scotia, otherwise Halifax.

Prince Edward Island. Queensland.

Saint Christopher.

Saint Helena.

Saint Lucia.

Saint Vincent.

Sierra Leone.

South Australia.

Tasmania, formerly called Van Diemen's Land. Tobago.

Trinidad.

Vancouver's Island. Victoria.

Virgin Islands, otherwise Tortola.

Western Australia.

SCHEDULE B.

Acts and Parts of Acts repealed.

Reference to Act. Title of Act Extent of Repeal.

56 Geo. III. c. 82. An Act to render valid the Judicial The whole Act, save as regards Her Majesty's Possessions in India.

Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Office of Judges of such Courts.

5 Geo. IV. c. 113. - An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade. Section 29, save as above.

2 &3 Will.IV. c. 51. An Act to regulate the Practice and the Fees in the Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, and to obviate Doubts as to their Jurisdiction. The whole Act, save as above.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 38. - An Act to make further Regulations for facilitating the hearing Appeals and other Matters by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. Section 11, so far as it relates to Appeals from Vice Admiralty Courts, save as above.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 37. An Act for establishing the Validity of certain Proceedings in Her Majesty's Court of Vice Admiralty in Mauritius. The whole Act.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to make further Provision for the Investment of the Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt from the Trustees of Savings Banks established under the Enactments of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two.

[8th*7im<? 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Acts now in force relating to Savings Banks the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are invested with certain Powers and Autho-

titles for investipg the Monies remitted to them for that Purpose by the Trustees of

Savings Banks: And whereas it is expedient to make further Provisions in respect to the ' Investment of such Monies Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Cmraons,

129

26° VICTORIA c. 25.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

L On the passing of this Act, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, out of the total Amounts of the Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in their Books to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Savings Banks, cancel the following Sums, viz., the Sum of Thirteen million Pounds of New Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, the Sum of Five million Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Reduced Annuities, and the Sum of Six million Pounds of Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, and all Interest or Dividends shall thenceforth cease to be payable, and in place of the Capital Stocks of Annuities so cancelled there shall be created and written in the Books of Her Majesty's Treasury, and at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, a Charge for Savings Banks upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, under the Authority of this Act, for Twenty-four million Pounds Sterling, bearing Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable half-yearly out of the said Consolidated Fund, and such Interest shall be payable in respect to the Sum of Eighteen million Pounds of such Charge in equal half-yearly Payments on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October, and in respect to the remaining Sum of Six million Pounds of such Charge m equal half-yearly Payments on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year; and such Charge shall be raised in such Books at the Treasury and Exchequer aforesaid as a Charge for and on account of the Fund for the Banks for Savings established under the Provisions of the Act of the Ninth of George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two.

2. In addition to the Capital Stock of Annuities held for Savings Banks by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and directed to be cancelled as aforesaid, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think it advantageous to the Public Service, may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to cancel stich further Amount of the Capital Stocks of Annuities standing in the Books of the said Governor and Company to the Credit of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Savings Banks as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may think advisable, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five million Pounds, and all Interest and Dividends thereon shall thenceforth cease to be payable; and whenever the said Commissioners

shall exercise the Powers in them vested in that respect by this Act, they shall, by

Warrant under their Hands, create and cause to be inscribed in the Books of Her Majesty's Exchequer and in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Savings Banks, established under the Provisions of the Act of the Ninth of George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two, equivalent terminable Annuities for the Amount of Capital Stocks of Annuities so cancelled; and such terminable Annuities shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and shall be payable half-yearly on the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, the last half-yearly Payment thereof to fall due and payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighty-five; and the Amount of such terminable Annuities so to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund shall be ascertained by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be certified to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under - the Hands of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller and of the Actuary of the National Debt, setting forth the Amount of the terminable Annuities which would be granted by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the Tenth of George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, to any Person or Persons desirous of purchasing such terminable Annuities, as a Consideration for the like Amount of Capital Stock of Annuities to be transferred by such Person or Persons to the said Commissioners to be cancelled under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act; and such terminable Annuities shall be consolidated with and be deemed to be Part of the terminable Annuities created by the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and nine. Section Three; and such Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the said Governor and Company for the cancelling of the Amount of such Capital Stocks of Annuities and for 26 Vict. R the

24,000,000l. Stock to be cancelled, and Charge for Savings Banks to be created in lieu thereof.

Treasury may cancel additional Amount not exceeding 5,000,000l., and create terminable Annuities.

Commissioners may invest and sell any Part of the Securities.

Issues may be made out of Consolidated Fund.

One Half of Securities to be Parliamentary Securities.

Accounts to be made up annually to 20th November.

Deficiency to be a Charge on the Consolidated Fund.

26° VICTORIA, c. 25.

the Creation and Inscription of such terminable Annuities; and Copies of all Warrants issued by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under the Authority of this Section of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament not later than Ten Days from the Date thereof, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not then sitting within Ten Days from the next Meeting of Parliament.

3. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, after reserving thereout from Time to Time such Sums as they shall think fit, shall, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, invest the Interest payable to them on account of the Securities created under this Act, and the Dividends and Interest on all other Securities held by them for Sayings Banks, and all Monies remitted to them on account of Savings Banks, in the Purchase of Parliamentary Securities, of whatsoever Kind, created or issued, or which may hereafter be created or issued under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, and directly chargeable on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or in any Stock or Debentures or other Securities the due Payment of the Interest on which is expressly guaranteed by Authority of Parliament.

4. If it shall at any Time or Times appear to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt desirable on account of the Fund for the Banks for Savings that an Issue in Money should be made out of the Consolidated Fund upon account of the Amount charged thereon for Savings Banks under Section One of this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, upon a Certificate to that Effect, under the Hands of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller, acting under the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, issue to the said Commissioners out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing Produce thereof such Sum as shall be named in such Certificate, and the Amount of the Charge for Savings Banks under Section One of this Act shall be reduced by the Amount so issued accordingly.

5. At least One Half of the whole Amount of Securities held by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Savings Banks, exclusive of and in addition to the Amount of the Charge upon the Consolidated Fund for Savings Banks created under Section One of this Act, shall be in Parliamentary Stocks of Annuities, or in Exchequer Bills or Bonds, or other Securities the Interest of which is chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund; and if it shall appear on the Twentieth Day of November in any One Year that the Amount of all such Securities held by the said Commissioners for Savings Banks shall be less than One Half of the whole of the Securities so held by them, it shall not then be lawful for the said Commissioners to make the Investments in any other Securities authorized by this Act until the Amount of such first-named Securities shall be raised by further Investments to the full Amount of not less than One Half of the whole Securities held by the said Commissioners, exclusive of the said Charge upon the Consolidated Fund under Section One.

6. A Balance Sheet shall be prepared by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as soon as may be after the Twentieth Day of November in every Year, in which shall be set forth the Assets and Liabilities of the said Commissioners in respect of Savings Banks established under the Act of the Ninth of George the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-two, to the Credit of which shall be placed the Amount of the said Charge upon the Consolidated Fund for Twenty-four Millions, and of all other Monies and Securities, of whatsoever Kind, held by the said Commissioners on account of such Savings Banks on the said Twentieth Day of November, valuing such Securities respectively at the Price which Securities of like Kind shall bear on that Day in the public Market, and to the Debit of which Account shall be carried the total Amount due by the said Commissioners to the Trustees of Savings Banks on account of the Remittances made by them for Investment, and a Copy of such Balance Sheet shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament not later than the Thirty-first Day of March then next following.

7. If it shall appear upon such Balance Sheet that the Amount at the Credit of the said Accounts is insufficient to meet the Liabilities as therein set forth, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall be satisfied thereof, the said Commissioners shall, by Warrant under their Hands, declare the Amount of such Deficiency to be a Charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, subject to the legal Claims of the Trustees of

Savings

131

26° VICTORIA, c. 25, 26.

Savings Banks on account of the Sums remitted to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Investment.

8. The several Powers and Authorities which now are or may hereafter be vested by Powers of Law in the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in respect to Inv«rtment the Funds of Savings Banks, except in so far as the Powers now vested in the said ^CforcenUe Commissioners are varied by this Act, shall be held to continue vested in the said Commissioners.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Land in Ireland.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that greater Facilities should be afforded for the Drainage of Lands in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Land Drainage Act (Ireland), 1863."

2. This shall extend to Ireland only. Act to apply to

Ireland only.

3. w Watercourse " shall include all Rivers, Streams, Drains, Sewers, and Passages Definition of

through which Water flows: Terms.

" Person " shall include any Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, unless there is something in the Context inconsistent therewith: u Owner," as used throughout this Act, shall have the same Meaning as it has in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 " Land " shall extend to fill Arable, Pasture, or otherwise profitable and to all waste uncultivated Land, and shall also extend to Messuages, Tenements, Mills, Weirs,

Easements, and other Hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, and any Estate or Interest therein, and any undivided Part thereof, or any of them.

Power of private Owners to procure Outfalls.

4. Any Person or Persons interested in Land, who is or are desirous to drain the same. Application for and in order thereto deems it necessary that new Drains should be opened through Lands Outfall to belonging to another Owner or Owners, or that existing Drains in or immediately adjoining o^er.Dg Lands belonging to another Owner or Owners should be cleansed, widened, straightened, deepened, or otherwise improved, may apply to such Owner or Owners, who is or are hereinafter referred to as the adjoining Owner or Owners, for Leave to make such Drains or Improvements in Drains through, on, or adjoining the Lands of such Owner or Owners.

5. Any such Application as aforesaid shall be by Notice in Writing under the Hand of Mode of making the Applicant or Applicants, and shall be served on the Owner or Owners, and also on the Application. Occupier or Occupiers, if the Owner be not the Occupier. The Notice shall state the

Nature of such Drains or Improvements in Drains, be accompanied by a Map, on which the Length, Width, and Depth of the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains shall be delineated, and shall further state the Compensation, if any, which the Applicant or Applicants proposes or propose to pay.

6. The adjoining Owner or Owners may, by Deed under his or their Hand and Seal, Assent of assent to such Application, upon such Terms and on Payment of such Compensation as he

or they may require, and any Assent so given shall be binding on all Parties having any WDer *

Estate or Interest in the Land, subject to the following Provisions:

lstly. That any Arrangement entered into by any adjoining Owner under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having Power to assent to such Application except under the

R 2 Provisions

1.32 '26" VICttORIjB, c. 26.

1 Provisions of this Act, shall not be valid unless the same is approved by Two Surveyors, one of whom is to be nominated by the Applicant or Applicants, and the other by the adjoining Owner; and each of such Surveyors, if they approve of the Arrangement, shall annex to the Document containing the same a Declaration to that Effect, subscribed by them:

2dly. That any Compensation to be paid by the Applicant or Applicants to the adjoining Owner ip Cases where such Owner is under any Disability or Incapacity, or has not Powtpr to assent to such Application except under the Provisions of this Act, shall be applied in manner in winch the Compensation coming to Parties having limited Interests, or prevented from treating, and not making Title, is applicable under "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,;

3dly. That any Occupier or Person other than the Owner interested in the Larids shall be entitled to Compensation for any Injury he may sustain by the making of the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains, so that the Claim therefor be mode within Twelve Months after Completion of such Drains or Improvements in Drains, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined, in case of Dispute, by Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions assembled, or if such Occupiers or other Person do not consent to a Determination by such Justices, then by Arbitration,

Record of 7. The Applicant or Applicants shall forward to the Clerk of the Peace of the County,

Assent of Riding or Division of the County, wherein the Land is situate the Deed containing the

Assent of the adjoining Owner to the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains* who shall keep the pame in his Office as a Record of the Proceedings between the Parties.

Dissent of S. ^the adjoining Owner shall be deemed to have dissented from the Application made

attiring fo him if he fall to express his Assent thereto within One Month after the Service of the

Owner. Notice of Application on him; and in the event of such Dissent there shall be decided, by

Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions assembled, (unless the adjoining Owner require the same within such Period of One Month to be decided by Arbitration,) the "Questions following; that is to feay, / rr

(1; ) Whether the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains will cause any Injury to v; >: the adjoining Owner, or to the Occupier or other Person foteresteej. fo. the Lands:

* (if.) Whether any Injury that may be caused is or is not of a Nature to admit of befog fully compensated for by Money.

Result of, The, Result of any such Decision shall be as follows; that is to say

Beoiwpfc. /, (jf) If , the Decision is that no Injury will be caused to the adjoining Owner/to the Occupier, or other Parties interested in the Lands, the Applicant or Applicants may proceed forthwith to make the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drafins: i (2.) If the Decision is that Injury will be caused to the adjoining Owner, Occupier, or v other Parties interested in the Lands, but that Such Injury is of a Nature to

admit of being fully compensated by Money, the Justices or Arbitrators shall proceed to assess such Compensation, and to apportion the same amongst the Parties in their Judgment entitled thereto; and in assessing the Amount of such Compensation the Justices or Arbitrators shall take into consideration the Benefit, if any, to be derived from such Drains or Improvements by such adjoining Owner, Occupier, or other Persons, and to set off the same against the Amount to be assessed by them for such Compensation; and on Payment of the Sum so assessed the Applicant or Applicants may proceed to make the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains: L

l(S:J If the Decision istbat Injury Will be caused to ihfe adjoining Owner, OccUpieri or 11 ' other Parties interested in the Lands; and that such Injury ip not of a Nature to admit of being fully compensated by Money, the Applicant Or Applicants shall not be entitled to make the proposed Drains or Improvements in Drains. m

Application of 9. Where the Compensation assessed by the Justices or Arbitrators under the last preceding Section is payable to any Owner or other Person who is under any DisaHEty or Owners°under Incapacity, 6r is hot entitled to receive the Same for his own Benefit, such Compensation Disability. 1 shall

26° VICTORIA, c. 26. 133

shaft be applied in the Manner in which the Compensation is applicable under the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

10. The Justices or Arbitrators, as the Case may be, in the event of their approving of If Drainage a Scheme of Drainage as proposed by the Applicant or Applicants, or as modified by them- Scheme ap-selves, shall cause a Map thereof to be prepared, and shall certify under their Hands the Bhanebe°pVe-aP Correctness of such Map; and it shall be the Duty of the Applicant or Applicants to pared.

forward the same to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division of the j County, wherein the Land is situate, who shall keep the same in his Office as a Record of the between the Parties.

11. After Drains have been opened or Improvements in Drains made, in pursuance of Tower of; this Act, it shall be lawful for the Applicant or Applicants, his or their Heirs and Assigns,

for ever thereafter, from Time to Time, as it becomes necessary, to enter upon the Lands cear rams' through which such Drains have been opened or Improvements made, for the Purpose of clearing out, scouring, and otherwise maintaining the same in a due State of Efficiency; and if such Drains or Improvements in Drains are not kept so cleared out, scoured, and maintained in a due State of Efficiency, the Owner or Occupier for the Time being of the Lands through or on which such Drains or Improvements in Drains are made may clear out, scour, and otherwise maintain the same in a due State of Efficiency, and recover the Expenses incurred in such clearing out, scouring, or maintenance, in a summary Manner, at Petty Sessions or by Civil Bill, from the Applicant or Applicants, his or their Heirs or Assigns.

12. The! Owner for the Time being of the Land through or in which any Drain may be Power of opened or Improvements in Drains made, in pursuance of this Act, may fill up, divert, or adjoining otherwise deal with such Drains or Improvements in Drains, on condition of first making div^DKass.

v a^d laying down in lieu thereof Drains equally efficient; and any Dispute as to the Sfficimicy of Drains so laid down shall be decided by Two or more Justices assembled in z, i Petty^ Sessions, or* if desired by either Party, by Arbitration.

13. f Any Person who wilfully obstructs any Person making any Drains or Improvements Penalty for ' ihrDlfaip8, in pursuance of this Act, and any Person who wilfully dams up, obstructs, or in obstructing

way injures any Drains or Improvements in Drains so opened or made, shall for each p^In^1Dg i11 Offence iiiciir a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Manner before Two or more Justices at Petty Sessions.

4. £J1 ^oste* Charges, and Expenses reasonably incurred by the adjoining Owner in Coats of ' respect of any Application made in pursuance of this Act shall be defrayed by the Applicant Application.

, or applicants.

n j 1§>. Where any Person is desirous, in pursuance of this Act, of constructing any Drain by Provision in f T means'whereof any Brodk, River, or other Watercourse will be diverted from its ordinary

Channel into any other Brook, River, 6r Watercourse, he shall cause a Copy of the Notice outfell.

1 hereby required to be served on the adjoining Owner to be published by Advertisement once at least in each of Three successive Weeks in some local Newspaper circulating in the District in which the Drain proposed to be constructed is situate, and to be served on all Owners of Land abutting upon the Brook, River, or other Watercourse into which the Diversion is made, and situate within Four Miles of the Point of J unction, and shall deposit a Copy of the Map hereby required to accompany the Notice served on the adjoining Owner with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division of a County, wherein the proposed Drain is situate; and it shall be lawful for any Person, being the Owner of Land capable of being injured by the proposed Drain, within Eight Weeks after the First *>r Natick of the proposed Drain appears in the Newspaper, to serve Notice that he apprehends If Injury from 'such Drain on the Person proposing to make the same, and thereupon such Owner shall be'deemed to have dissented, and shall be entitled to the same Rights and Privileges under this Act as if he were the adjoining Owner.

1ft Where any Question is by this Act to be decided by Justices or Arbitration, at the, Appointinentof :< Option of an adjoiamng Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested, Two Arbitrators shall Arbitrator?.

j.ciij ', l *' be.

Powers of Act cumulative.

No Notice of Marriage to be published before Poor LawGuardians.

Form of Notice of Marriage to Registrar as in Sched. (A.)

Proceedings of Registrar.

26° VICTORIA, c. 26, 27.

be nominated, one by the Applicant or Applicant *, and the other by such adjoining Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested, as the Case may be; and in default of such adjoining Owner, Occupier, or other Person interested in nominating an Arbitrator, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions, after Notice to such adjoining Owner, Occupier, or other Person, to nominate such Arbitrator; and the Arbitrators shall decide the several Questions mentioned in this Act, and shall have Power, in case of Disagreement, to call in an Umpire; and such Arbitrators and Umpire, as the Case may be, shall make their Award on the said several Matters.

17. All Powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other Powers now existing by Common Law, or under any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, and now remaining unrepealed; and every Person may exercise such other Powers in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed, anything herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, intituled An Act for Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages; and it is expedient to alter and amend the Provisions of the said Act, so far as is herein-after provided Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L In case of any Party intending Marriage under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, no Notice of such intended Marriage shall be read or published before the Guardians of any Poor Law Union in Ireland, or be transmitted by any Registrar to the Clerk of any such Guardians.

2. Every Notice of an intended Marriage given to the Registrar under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act shall be in the Form set forth in the Schedule (A) to this Act annexed, and shall state, —

(1.) The true Name, Surname, Profession, or Condition of each of the Persons intending Marriage:

(2.) The Church, Chapel, or Place of Public Worship which the Persons intending Marriage, or either of them, usually attend:

(3.) The usual Dwelling Place of each of them:

(4.) The Time, not being less than Seven Days, during which each has dwelt therein (unless such Time is more than One Month, in which Case it may be so stated):

(5.) The Church, Chapel, or registered Place of Public Worship, or other Place in which the Marriage is intended to be celebrated (which must be a Place within the District of the Registrar to whom the Notice is given):

(6.) Whether the Marriage is intended to be celebrated by virtue of the Registrar's Certificate, or by virtue of his Licence.

3. The Registrar shall then proceed as follows:

(1.) He shall file the Notice so given to him, and keep the same with the Records of his Office:

(2.) He shall forthwith enter a true Copy of the Notice in his Marriage Notice Book (supplied to him by the Registrar General):

(3.) He shall keep this Book open for the Inspection of all Persons at all reasonable Times without Fee: »

(4.)' He

26° VICTORIA, c. 27. 135

(4») He shall* on the Day on which he shall have received such Notice, or on the following Day at the latest, send by Post, in a registered Letter, a Copy of the Notice, under his Hand, —

To the Minister of the Church, Chapel, or registered Place of Public Worship stated in the Notice as that in which the Marriage is intended to be solemnized; and

To the Minister of the Church, Chapel, or Place of Public Worship which the Parties to the Marriage, or either of them, usually attend;

Or the Registering Officer of the Society of Friends, or Secretary of a Synagogue, by whom respectively the Marriage is to be registered, as the Case may require:

(5.) When the Marriage is intended to be contracted in the Office of the Registrar, he shall, in addition to sending a Copy of the Notice to the Minister of the Church,

Chapel, or Place of Public Worship as aforesaid, forthwith suspend a Copy of the Notice, on a printed Form properly and legibly filled up, in some conspicuous Place in his Office, and keep the same so suspended, — in the Case of a Marriage intended to be celebrated by virtue of a Certificate, for Twenty-one Days, - — and in the Case of a Marriage intended to be celebrated by virtue of a Licence, during Seven Days, next after the Day of Entry of the Notice;

And the Registrar shall be entitled to a Fee of One Shilling for each registered I^efcter sent by him.

4. Any Party intending Marriage under the Provisions of this Act shall, at the Time Notice of of giving the Registrar the Notice required by this Act, make and sign or subscribe a solemn Declaration in Writing (according to the Form set forth in Schedule (B.) to this by a solemn Act annexed), that he or she believes that there is no Impediment of Kindred or Alliance Declaration by or other lawful Hindrance to the said Marriage, and that the Parties to the said Marriage ^esas* have for the Space of One Month immediately preceding the giving of such Notice usually r0nn inSched. attended Divine Worship in the Church, Chapel, or Meeting-house named in such Notice, (B.) and that the Parties to the said Marriage, in case the Marriage is intended to be had without Licence, have for the Space of Seven Days immediately preceding the giving of such Notice had their usual Place of Abode and Residence within the District of the Registrar or respective Registrars to whom such Notice or Notices, as the Case may be, shall be so given; or, in case such Marriage is intended to be had by Licence, that One of the Parties had for the Space of Fifteen Days immediately preceding the giving of such Notice had his or her usual Place of Abode and Residence within the District of the Registrar to whom such Notice shall be so given; and when either of the Parties intending Marriage, and not being a Widower or Widow, shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, the Party making such Declaration shall further declare that the Consent of the Person or Persons whose Consent to such Marriage is by Law required has been given, or (as the Case may be) that there is no Person whose Consent to such Marriage is by Law required; and every Declaration so made as aforesaid shall be signed and subscribed by the Party making the same, in the Presence of the Registrar to whom the Notice of the Marriage is given, who shall attest the same by adding thereto his Name, Description, and Place of Abode; and no Certificate or Licence for Marriage shall be issued or granted pursuant to any such Notice as aforesaid unless the said Notice be accompanied by such solemn Declaration duly made and signed or subscribed and attested as aforesaid, and the Registrar shall file such Declaration, and keep the same with the Records of his Office.

fij. The Registrar shall not in any Case issue a Certificate until after the Expiration of

Twenty-one Days, or grant a Licence until after the Expiration of Seven Days, from the after 21 Days, Day of Entry of the Notice hj him. begrao^after

6. The Registrar General shall furnish to the Minister of every registered Place of 7 ^ay8-Public Worahip in which Marriages may be solemnized, Marriage Register Books in Registrar Duplicate, and Forms for certified Copies thereof, as provided under the said recited Act. R^is.

OnC Copy of every such Register Book, when filled, shall be delivered to the Registrar of try Books. Marriages of the District in which such registered Place of Worship is situate, and the other

Copy

136 26° VICTbttt ^, ' c. 27.

Copy shall remain in the Custody of such Minister, and be kept by him with the other, Registers of his Place of Worship. i.

Place, Time, 7. Every Marriage solemnized by virtue of a Registrar's Certificate of Publication of &c. of Mar- Notice* or of a Registrar's Licence, according to the Usages of any Church, Denomination, mge* or Body of Protestant Christians, shall be solemnized, —

(1.) By a Minister of the Church, Denomination, or Body to which the Parties to the Marriage, or either of them, shall belong;

(2.) In the registered Place of Public Worship named in the Notice; ' rr

(3.^ Between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Aftei*noon; f

(4. i With open Doors; !:

(5.) In the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses besides the Officiating Minister or Person solemnizing the Marriage;

And not elsewhere or otherwise. If any Person wilfully solemnize a Marriage, or pretended Marriage, contrary to the present Provision, he shall be guilty of Felony.

8. The Presence of the Registrar shall not be necessary at any Marriage celebrated under the Provisions of this Act, in any House of Worship registered or certified under the said recited Act or this Act; and every such Marriage shall be good and cognizable in like Manner as any Marriage solemnized under the Provisions of the said recitea Act; nor shall the Minister who shall solemnize any such Marriage without the Presence of the Registrar be guilty of Felony.

Entry of Mat- ? 9. Every Minister, immediately after the Solemnization of any Marriage by him, shall

riage by Minis- enter in both tl^e Duplicate Marriage Register Books of the Plaoe of Worship in which. Books. ^18117 Marriage is solemnized, the requisite Particulars respecting such Marriage; and every, such Entry shall be signed by such Minister, and by the Persons learned, and t^y Two . Y, .Witnesses at the least; and such Minister shall, in April, July, October, and January^ eVerv. Year, send to the Registrar of Marriages of the District in which such Place of Worship is situate, on a printed Form (supplied to him by the Registrar General), a Copy? certified I>y 1 him under his Hand, of all Entries in the Duplicate Marriage Register Books in hia kee^fag

made in the Quarter of a Year then last past, or certify under his Hand that no such Entry has been made in such Quarter, if the Case so be.

Marriages under this Act good and cognizable.

Penalty for not

registering

Marriage.

Registrar not to grant Licences for Marriage in certain Cases.

10- If any Minister neglect or refuse to register as aforesaid any Marriage which under this Act it is his Duty to register, he shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Forty Pounds^ recoverable in the same Manner in which Fines and Forfeitures imposed b f the sdid recited Act are now recoverable, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall she for the isame.

- ... ' ..... (. r I

11. ^Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Registrar to grant a Licence for Marriage in any Church or Chapel in which Marriages may be solemnized according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, or in any Church or Chapel belonging to the said United Church, or licensed for the Celebration of Divine Worship according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the said United Church.

The Registra- 12. Any Trustee or Owner of a separate Building (not being a Church or Chapel SLcWor- to the United Church of England and Ireland) used as a Place of Public Worship

shipby Trustee, by any Church, Denomination, or Body of Protestant Christians, or any Officiating Minister &c. of any such Place of Public Worship, may certify in Writing, signed by him, to the

Registrar General, that such Building is so used, and shall at the same Time deliver to the Registrar General a Certificate signed by Ten Householders at the least that such Building has been used by them during One Year at least as their usual Place of Public Worship, and that they are desirous that such Place should be registered, and such Trustee, Owner, or Minister shall countersign such Certificate. On the Receipt of such Certificates the Registrar General shall register such Place of Public Worship in the General Registry Office, and shall send a Certificate of such Registration to the Person certifying, and to the Registrar of the District in which such Place of Public Worship shall be situated, who shall keep the same with the other Records of his Office; the Registrar General shall also give

Public

26«.VICXp^|C/27,

W,

Public Notice of such Registration by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette and in a Newspaper circulating in the' Colunty Where the Place of Public Worship is situate. For every Such Entry, Certificate, and Publication the Registrar General shall receive, at the Time of I^eliyery tp hin^ of the Certificates, the Sum of One Pound.

1ft: No sufch Marriage as aforesaid shall be solemnized in any such Place of Public Consent of Worship without the Consent of the Minister, or of One of the Trustees br Owners, Muuster> &c* Deacons, or Managers, thereof. 1 1' ': necessary.

14. If any Registrar shall negjeot or refuse to send a, Copy of, the Notice given jto him Omission to by either of the Parses intending Marriage to the Minister of the Church, Chapel, or ^°eCeof registered Place of Public Worship where the Marriage is to be solerpnized, and to the Penalty 40/. Minister of the Chqrch, Chapel, or registered Place of Public Worship where the Parties

to the Marriage, or either of them, usually attend, he shall be liable to a Penalty of Forty Pounds, recoverable as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall sue for the same.

15. Any Person who shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Declaration, or sign any false Notice, required by the said recited Act or by this Act, for the Purpose of procuring any Marriage, shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury.

16. Except where the Provisions of the, said recited Act are expressly altered Iby or are . at valance with the Provisions of this Act, nothing herein, contained shall alter, repeal, or affect, or be construed so as in any Manner to alter, repeal, or affect, any of the Provisions or Clauses contained in the said Act, but, except as aforesaid, the same Provisions and Cladsea i^pefctively shall be and remain in full Force and Effect as if this Act had not bieh1 passed; and this Act shall; except as aforesaid; be considered as incorporated'with the

Prij^isione and Clauses, and be conBtrtied in connexion therewith. '

ii ^18 Act 'shall* come into operation on the First Day of August One thousand eight, linnti^tjf hyd^ sixty^hree, and none of the Provisions thereof shall takej effect previous to)

18. Ihj^Act shall not apply to England or Scotland. k i i

Penalty on making false Declaration, or giving false Notice.

Not to alter Provisions* of existing Act, except where at variance

witfe

[Commencement of Act.]

Limitation of Act.

f MS

-y SCHEDULE (A.)

Nqjscb OF Manage, f

uii i f d Registrar [or Deputy Registrar] of the District of in the County of 4

t^d^gned , &4m7A hereby give you Notice, that a Marriage is intend*! to be had, Without [or by, as the Case may be-\ Licence, within Three Calendar Months from the Date, hereof, between me and the other Party named and described; (that is to say,) fft] #:{ry:rr t

Tt

Oifi lit ''Julb.u; / 'Oon^.. dition.

Surname.

James

Smith,

Utojei -ifflvttr

gmElTi'i t da tit

ifivfijn

to . tJtuji i

trnrr- — feank 1 or Profession.

Widower

Xi

Zl, i\

Ironmon-

ger.

ill- .: .; X L^..

lid

fan i f.

r.

1 , i

Age.

Twenty-

five

Years.

Nineteen

Years.

Dwelling

Place.

23, Trinity Street. Parish of St. Andrew's, City of . Dublin.

Grove Farm, Toivnland of Grove, Parish of Mamba* rough.

Length

of

Residence.

Church, Chapel or Place of Worship which the Parties usually attend respectively.

Seven Pays [or Fifteen Pays, as the Case may be].

More than Oiie Month.

Primitive Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Great George Street.

Sion Chapel, Maryljorouf/h.

Church, Chapel, Place of Public Worship, or Building in which the Marriage is to be solemnized.

District and Couuly in which the Parties resp dwell.

Idistrict of Pistrict.

County

South

if Publin.

ofin.

- the City

I

Pistrict of Maryborough; County of County.

urough.

Queen's

* 'ttWthiB [

* Ciou'jM

] ddy of [

] One thousand eight hundred and [sixty-three] .; 1 (Signed) James Smith.

(Tho Partiulars in this Schedule to be entered according to the Fact.) ,

I-

SckE-

26° VICTORIA, c. 27, 28.

SCHEDULE (B.)

I, the undersigned, James Smithy of 23, Trinity Street, Parish of St Andrew's, City of Dublin, hereby solemnly declare, That I believe there is no Impediment of Kindred or Alliance or other lawful Hindrance to my Marriage with Martha Green of Grove Farm, Townland of Grove, Parish of Maryborough, and that we, the above-named James Smith and Mary Green, have for the Space of One Month immediately preceding the giving the Notice of our Marriage usually attended Divine Worship in the Church, Chapel, or Meeting-house belonging to the [here insert the Church, Denomination, or Body of Protestant Christians to which such Place of Worship shall belong {as the Case may be)] " in the Parish of or " Ecclesiastical District of

within the South District of, and County of the City of Dublin.

And that I, the above-named James Smith, have for the Space of Fifteen Days immediately preceding the giving the Notice of Marriage had my usual Place of Abode and Residence [if the Marriage is intended to be had in a Church or Chapel of the United Church of England and Ireland, insert the following Words " in the Parish of , "

or " in the Ecclesiastical District of ," (as the Case may be,) and

add the Name of the Parish or Ecclesiastical District in which one of the Parties resides] within the South District of, County of the City of Dublin:

And I further declare that I am not a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and that the other Party herein named and described is not a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years [if one or both of the Parties be under Age these Words must be expunged], [or as the Case may be"]:

And I further declare that she [or, I], the said Martha Green, not being a Widow [or. Widower], is [or, am] a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and that the Consent of George Graham, whose Consent to her [or, my] Marriage is required by Law, has been duly given and obtained thereto [or," that there is no Person whose Consent to her [or, my] Marriage is by Law required v (as the Case may be)]:

And I make the foregoing Declarations solemnly and deliberately, conscientiously believing the same to be true, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the

Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter,

intituled " An Act to amend the Law relating to Marriages in Ireland/' well knowing that every Person who shall knowingly or wilfully make and sign or subscribe any false Declaration, or who shall sign any false Notice, for the Purpose of procuring any Marriage under the Provisions of the said Act above mentioned, or of any Act therein recited, shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury. In witness whereof I have hereunto set and subscribed my Hand, this Fifth Day of August i 863.

James Smith.

Signed and declared by the above-named James Smith, in the Presence of 1

James Casey, of [insert Place of Abode], Registrar of the South District, County of the City of Dublin.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to give further Facilities to the Holders of the Public Stocks.

[8th June 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give further Facilities to the Holders of the Public Stocks in respect of the Transfer thereof, and the Receipt of the Dividends thereon Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of

139

26" VICTORIA, c. 28.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be"cited for all Purposes as the cc Stock Certificate Act, 1863."

2# In this Section and elsewhere in this Act the here assigned to them:

" The Bank " shall, with reference to the Public Stocks transferable at the Bank of England, and Certificates issued under this Act in respect thereof, and the Coupons of Such Certificates, mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall, with reference to the Public Stocks transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and Certificates issued under this Act in respect thereof, and the Coupons of such last-mentioned Certificates, mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland:

"The Treasury" shall mean " the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Two of them

(C The Public Stocks" shall mean any Stocks forming Part of the National Debt, and transferable in the Books of the Bank, and u Share in the Public Stocks " shall include any Part of a Share:

" Person " shall include Corporation:

"Felony" shall mean and include Crime and Offence in Scotland.

3. With the Exception and subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned, every Person Right to Certi-inscribed in the Books of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland as Proprietor of a fica*f Title Share in the Public Stocks may obtain a Certificate or Certificates of Title to the said to 100 Share, or to any Part thereof, having annexed Coupons entitling the Bearer to the Dividends

payable in respect of that Share or Part of a Share.

4. No Trustee of any Share in the said Stocks shall apply for or hold a Certificate of Restriction as Title to that Share unless he is authorized so to do by the Terpis of his Trust; and any to Trostees Contravention of this Section by a Trustee shall be deemed to be a Breach of Trust, and be catesof Title." punishable accordingly; nevertheless this Section shall not impose on the Bank any Obligation to inquire whether a Person applying for a Certificate of Title under this Act is or not a Trustee, nor subject them to any Liability in the event of their granting a Certificate of Title to a Trustee, nor invalidate any Certificate of Title if granted.

5. No Certificate shall be granted in respect of any Sum of Stock not being Fifty Pounds General Provi-

©r a Multiple of Fifty Pounds, or in respect of any larger Amount than One thousand ^Scate* of Pounds: Title.

The Treasury may by Warrant declare that any One or more of the Public Stocks specified in the Warrant shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act; but, until that Declaration is made. Stock Certificates shall be issued only in respect of the Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Reduced Three per Centum Annuities, and the New Three per Centum Annuities:

The Coupons annexed to a Stock Certificate shall comprise the Dividends payable in respect of the Stock described in the Certificate for a Period of not less than Five Years commencing from the Date of the Certificate. At the Expiration of that Period fresh Coupons shall be issued for a further Period of not less than Five Years, and so for successive Periods of not less than Five Years during the Continuance in force of the Stock Certificate; but the Bank may, if they think fit, in lieu of issuing fresh Coupons in respect of a Certificate, give in exchange a fresh Certificate with Coupons attached thereto:

Coupons shall be payable at the chief Establishment of the Bank at the Expiration of Three clear Days from the Day of Presentation, and at any Branch Establishment of the Bank, situate more than Ten Miles from the chief Establishment, at the Expiration of Five clear Days from the Day of Presentation:

Tjbe Payment to the Bearer of any Coupon of the Amount expressed therein shall be a full Discharge to the Bank of all Liability in respect of that Coupon and the Dividend represented thereby:

S 2 If

following Expressions have the Meanings Definition of

Distinction between Certificates of Title to Bearer and Nominal Certificates.

If any Stock Certificate Or Coupon issued under this Act Ifc lost or destroyed, the Bank shall grant a new Certificate or Coupon, on receiving Indemnity to their Satisfaction against the Gladtns of all Persons deriving Title under the Certificate or Coupon so lost or destroyed:

No Notice /of any Trust in respect of any Stock Certificate or Coupon issued under this Act shall be-receivable by tfhe Bank,

6. X Stock Certificate, unless a Name is inscribed therein, as herein-after provided, shall entitle the Bearer to the Stock therein described, and shall be transferable by Delivery;

1 Bearer of a Stock Certificate may convert the same into a Nominal Certificate by inserting therein, in manner prescribed by any Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the JjTapie, Address, and Quality of some Person. A Stock Certificate when H becomes Nominal shall not be transferable, and the Person named therein (herein-after called the Nominee), or some Person deriving Title from him by Devolution in Daw as herein-after mentioned, shall alone be recognized by the Bank as entitled to the Stock described in the Certificate:

Upon the Death of the Nominee in a Nominal Certificate his personal Representative, upon his Bankruptcy his Assignees, and upon the Marriage of any Female Nominee her Husband, shall alone be recognized by the Bank as entitled to the Stock described in the Certificate, and shall be deemed respectively to be a Nominee or Nominees in that Certificate :v ,; 11: 1 ' 1 1 !:

Thcf Death dr Bankruptcy of any Nominee in a Nominal Certificate, or the Marriaige of any Female Nominee, and the Loss or Destruction of any Certificate or Coupon, shall be ' proved1 in1 such Mahher as may from Time to Time be directed by the Bank, with the 1 Sanction of the Treasury.

Nomineeina } j 7* tTbe in a Nominal Stock Certificate shall not be entitled to have the same

renewed as Nominal* but fie shall, on Delivery up to the Bank of his Certificate, andall tit^d tohave" iti )UPP^>d (Cpupons, bqlqnging thereto, and on compliance, with any Regulation made in renewed as t; of t^is Act, be. entitled to receive, in exchange from the Bank a Stock Certificate

Nominal., jp Reaper: t,

/fV6 ANomipcliStock, Certificate, and the, Bearer of sa Stock Certificate, to

#/S $parflr*nation th, e like Delivery, and on compliance with any Regulation nnuic in pursuance, ot , thi^; Act# rqqwq to fee r^gii&tered ip, the Books of tliq Bank as a fjolder of the Stock w the C^rti$c^tes{ upd^r which they respectively derive Title* and thereupon the ^jStppk shftU ini the JBopks kept by; the Bank for the Entry of transferable

i, ^tpek, and beqogie jtransferable, and the Dividends payable; a& if no Certificate had been W!^pficfi^uch.§ii9pk* i .r - -, n M .l)

Fees in respect 8. No Fees shall be charged on the Grant of a Stock Certificate to Bearer 'in exchange

there shall be charged with respect to the several othpr; Pnopeed-vntict thf* Actings in relation to {Stock authorized by this Act the Fees specified in the Schedule hereto, 'or^such less Fees as may be determined by the Treasury:

All iFees received in pursuance of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer:

No Stamp Duty shall be payable in respect of any Certificate or Coupon issued in pursuance of this Act.

Remuneration 9. There shall be paid to the Bank of England out of the Consolidated Fund, on account to the Bank. t. of the-additional Trouble, Expense, and Responsibility, - if any, imposed on it by this Act, j in additiott to the Remuneration otherwise payable to it in respect of the Management of the National Debt, such Remuneration as maybe agreed upon between the Treasury

General llegu- i 10. The Bank of England and the Bank of Ireland, with the Sanction of the Treasury, lations with may from Timd to Time issue any Forms that iUay be required for Carrying into effect the tificates^f0^" Provisions of this Att, and also from Time to Time make any Regulations that are not Title. inconsistent with this Act relative to the following Things:

1. The Time for which Coupons are to be given:

2. The

0141

26° VICTORIA, /c. 36.

>; r/ 3. The Conversion ofa Stock Certificate to Bearer mid a NominalCertificate: tc t t* ii 3. The Authority underhffUich and llie Mode in which the Bank is to act; in issuing i Stock Certificated or' exchanging Nominal Certificates for Certificates* to Bearer* or

registering in their Books the Holders of Stock Certificates, or taking any other iii; i ' .Proceedings in relation to Stock authorized to be taken under this Act

4. The Mode of proving the Title of or identifying any Person applying f<ta; ci StPck . Certificate or deriving any Title under a Stock Certificate issued under this Act:

I ni'5. Wit^e^ct'to any other Matter necessary to carry this Act into effect:

, r, Apel any Jtpgulatio^ so made shall be deemed to be Part of thtp Apfdn, thp same; M^?nper as herein enacted.

" '11 Jl ', Ihp Thcome Th!± shall be d^ducted fr^ln any Coupons payable under pins Ac{ in the "bame' Mariner and subject to the same Regulations m and subject to which it may, in |phrsuan6e of any Law for the Time being in force, be deducted from the Dividends payable at the Bank in respect of the Stock of Proprietors inscribed in the Books of the Bank.

12, All Sums due and not demanded on any Coupons issued under this Act shall for all Purposes be dealt with as if they were Dividends due and not demanded in respect of the Stock of Proprietors inscribed in the Books of the Bank.

13. When any Certificate of Title issued under this Act in respect of any Share: in the PuUyr Stocks is outstanding* the Stock represented thereby jcpqqc tOjbp tijan^erable

, inRooks of the BanH*:,

M j Saye ini so far as relates to the Mode of Transfer and Payment of .Dividends apy

Stock described in a Stock Certificate issued under this Act shall be deemed to, be pigged on the same Securities, and to be subject to the same. Powers of Redemption, and to the iMmclhcid^tits in all respects, including the Beniunetation payable td the1 Bhnk, ds ^f it had

II eobtfertfed Registered id' the Books Of the Bank as Stock transferable therein \ ' ' 11 '

11 Any Stock described in a Stock Certificate in respect of which no Cdupons^kve been ' ^wdsenteti Payment fdif Period of Teri Ye^rs may in all respects be dealt With asffl it were Stock upon which no Dividends had been demanded for a Period of Ten'Y6arA, 'tod ndcoRdingly to the Commissioners fdr the Redudti6n of the Debt,

and shall be to the Rights of the Parties proving themeeivcs entftled to Stwh^tock

in ^urfenahee' w the Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign 6f King iGfotjge the |TWrdv Chapter Sixty, Or the Act passed in the Session1 heM in thi Twetlt^-third &hd !Twdbty*^burth Years of the Kdgh of Her present Majesty, Chapterr Seventy-one; t^nd the fi Provisions of those Acte and of all other Acts relating to Stock transferred to the aforesaid Commissioners shall apply to Stock in respect of which Certificates shall have1 beet issufed j^pn^uftpc^Qf tips Act. ... [, -v'i uf .3 r

lyThbjfoeVeR'shall forgc: or alter, or ' offer, utter, dispose off, oyput off? Knowing the same tO We forged 6raltered, any Stock Certificate or Coupon pr hny Document purporting to be a Stock Certificate or Coupon issued in pursuance of this Act, or shall demand or endeavour to obtain or receive any Share or Interest of or in the Public Stocks, or to receive any Dividend or Money payable in respect thereof, by virtue of any such forged or altered Certificate or Coupon or Document purporting as aforesaid, knowing the same to be forged or altered, with Intent in any of the Cases aforesaid to defraud, shall be guilty of Felony, and bfcing pQnviptpd: thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court*, to be kept in Penal Servitude for Life or for any Term not Jess than Three Years, or :to be imprisoned for \my i exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard labour afcd with or without

§obt°aTy Congnemewt.

15. Whosoever shall falsely and deceitfully personate any Owner of any Share or Inierest of or In any of the Public' Stocks, or of hnyi Stbck Certificate ior Codpoti«issued in pursuance of this Act* and shall thereby obtain or endeavour to* obtain ariy such Stock Certificate or Goupoti, or receive or ehdeavour to receive any Money duo to any such Owner, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in

Penal

Income Tax.

Unclaimed

Dividends.

Provisions as to Public Stocks outstanding.

PqpaUwtm , Persons committing Forgery.

Penalties on Persons falsely personating Owners of Stock.

Penalties on Persons engraving Plates, &c.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102.

26" VICTORIA, c. 28, 29.

Penal Servitude for Life or for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

16. Whosoever, without lawful Authority or Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie on the Party accused, shall engrave or make, upon any Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, any Stock Certificate or Coupon purporting to be a Stock Certificate or Coupon issued or made under and in pursuance of this Act, or to be a blank Stock Certificate or Coupon issued or made as aforesaid, or to be a Part of such a Stock Certificate or Coupon, or shall use any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material for the making or printing any such Stock Certificate or Coupon, or any such blank Stock Certificate or Coupon, or any Part thereof respectively, or knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or shall knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, or have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any such blank Stock Certificate or Couponf, or Part of any such Stock Certificate or Coupon, shall be made or printed, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years and not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

SCHEDULE.

Schedule ot Fees.

On the Issue of a Stock Certificate, a Fee not exceeding Five Shillings on every Hundred Pounds of Stock included in the Certificate, and a proportional Sum for any less Sum.,

If the Applicant is the registered Holder of an Amount of Stock divisible into several Sums of Fifty Pounds or Multiples of Fifty Pounds, he may require such Sums of Fifty Pounds or such Multiples of Fifty Pounds to be distributed amongst different Certificates, as he thinks fit; subject to this Proviso, that if the Number of Certificates required by him exceed the Proportion of Five to a Thousand Pounds he shall, in respect of each Certificate constituting that Excess, pay a Sum of Sixpence in addition to the Percentage Fee.

On the Chongs of a Nominal Certificate for a Certificate to Bearer, or on the Registration in the Books of the Bank of the Stock included in a Nominal Certificate, there shall be charged a Fee not exceeding One Half the Fee that would be changeable on the Issue of a qew Certificate to Bearer.

On the Registration in the Books of the Bank of the Stock included in a Stock Cei^ tificate to Bearer there shall be charged a Fee not exceeding Five Shillings.

WHEREAS the

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend and continue the Law relating to Corrupt Practices at Elections of Members of Parliament.

[8th June 1863.]

: Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854," as amended by an Act of the Session hoklen in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, c Chapter Eighty-seven, ia limited to continue in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and from thence until the End of the next f Session of Parliament; and it is expedient further to amend the said Acts and to continue ' the same in manner herein-after mentioned:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal,

143

26'VICTORI, c. 29.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Expression " the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts " shall include this Act and the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, as amended by the said other Act?,

Expenses of Elections.

3* No Payment (except in respect of the personal Expenses of a Candidate), and no Advance, Loan, or Deposit, shall be made by or on behalf of any Candidate at an Election, before> or during, or after such Election, on account of or in respect of such Election, otherwise than through an Agent or Agents whose Name and Address or Names and Addresses have been declared in Writing to the Returning Officer on or before the Day of Nomination, or through an Agent or Agents to be appointed in his or their Place as herein provided; and any Person making any such Payment, Advance, Loan, or Deposit, otherwise than through such Agent or Agents, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, or in Scotland of an Offence punishable by Fine and Imprisonment, It shall be the Duty of the Returning Officer to publish, on or before the Day of Nomination, the Name and Address or the Names and Addresses of the Agent or Agents appointed in pursuance of this Section *

In the event of the Death or legal Incapacity of any Agent appointed in pursuance of this Section, the Candidate shall forthwith appoint another Agent in his Place on giving Notice to the Returning Officer of the Name and Address of the Person so appointed, which shall be forthwith published by the I^imfing Officer.

3. All Persons who have any Bills, Charges, or Claims upon any Candidate for or in respect of any Election shall send in such Bills, Charges, or Claims within One Month from, tJm Day of the Declaration of the Election to such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, othenyi^euch Persons shall be barred of their Right to recover suet Claims and every oi* aqyP^rt thereof: Provided always, that in case of the Death within the said Morith of any ^rppn claiming the Amount of such Bill, Charge, or Claim, the legal Representative of such Person shall send in such Bill, Charge, or Claim within One Month after obtaining f^qbate pr Letters of Administration, or Confirmation as Executor, as the Case may be, or the Right to recoyer such piaim shall be barred as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Bills, Charges, and Claims shall and may be sent in and delivered to the Candidate, if, and so long as, dipring the said Month, there shall, owing to Death or legal Incapacity- be no such Agent.

4. A detailed Statement of all Election Expenses- incurred by or on behalf of any Candidate, including such excepted Payments as aforesaid, shall, within Two Months ^ftei* the Election, (or in Cases where by reason of the Death of the Creditor no Bill has been sent in within such Period of Two Months, then within One Month after sudh Bill has been sent in,) be made out and signed by the Agent, or, if there be more than One, by every Agent who has paid the same (including the Candidate in case of Payments made by him), and delivered, with the Bills and Youohere relative thereto, to the Returning Officer, and the Returning Officer for the Time being shall, at the Expense of the Candidate, within Fourteen Days, insert or cause to be inserted an Abstract of such Statement, with the Signature of the Agent thereto, in some Newspaper published or circulating in the County or Place where the Election was held; and any Agent or Candidate who makes default in delivering to the Returning Officer the Statement required by this Section shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which he so awakes default ,; and any Agent or Candidate who wilfully furnishes to the said Returning Officer an untrue Statement shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, or in Scotland of an Offence punishab^e/by Fine and Imprisonment; and the said Returning Officer shall preserve all such Bills and Vouchers, and during Six Months after they have been delivered tp him permit any Voter to inspect the same, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling.

Legal Proceedings.

5. The Provisions of the Fourteenth Section of the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854, shall extend to a Misdemeanor or to any other Offence under the Corrupt Practices

Prevention

[Short Title.]

No Payment, &c. shall be made by or on behalf of Candidates otherwise than through authorized Agents.

Bills, &c. to be sent in within One Month to Agent, or Right to recover barred.

As to Publication of Statement of Election Expenses.

Sect. 14 of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. extended

to Misdemeanors, &c.

General Allegations sufficient in Indictments.

Evidence of Witness on Election Committee and before Commissions.

Regulations as to Proceedings of Election Committees.

26° VICTORIAE, c. 29.

Prevention Acts not punishable by a Penalty or Forfeiture, as well as to Proceedings for any Offence punishable by a Penalty or Forfeiture.

6. In any Indictment or Information for Bribery or undue Influence, and in any Action or Proceedings for any Penalty for Bribery, Treating, or undue Influence, it shall be sufficient to allege that the Defendant was at the Election at or in connexion with which the Offence is intended to be alleged to have been committed guilty of Bribery, Treating, or undue Influence (as the Case may require); and in any Criminal or Civil Proceedings in relation to any such Offence the Certificate of the Returning Officer in this Behalf shall be sufficient Evidence of the due holding of the Election, and of any Person therein named having been a Candidate thereat.

7. No Person who is called as a Witness before any Election Committee, or any Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the Act of the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, shall be excused from answering any Question relating to any corrupt Practice at, or connected with, any Election forming the Subject of Inquiry by such Committee or Commissioners, on the Ground that the Answer thereto may criminate or tend to criminate himself: Provided always, that where any Witness shall answer every Question relating to the Matters aforesaid which he shall be required by such Committee or Commissioners (as the Case may be) to answer, and the Answer to which may criminate or tend to criminate him, he shall be entitled to receive from the Committee, under the Hand of their Clerk, or from the Commissioners, under their Hands (as the Case may be), a Certificate stating that such Witness was, upon his Examination, required by the said Committee or Commissioners to answer Questions or a Question relating to the Matters aforesaid, the Answers or Answer to which criminated or tended to criminate him, and had answered all such Questions or such Question; and if any Information, Indictment, or Action be at any Time thereafter pending in any Court against such Witness for any Offence under the Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts, or for which he might have been prosecuted or proceeded against under such Acts, committed by him previously to the Time of his giving his Evidence, and at or in relation to the Election concerning or in relation to which the Witness may have been so examined, the Court shall, on Production and Proof of such Certificate, stay the Proceedings in such last-mentioned Information, Indictment, or Action, and may, at its Discretion, award to such Witness such Costs as he may have been put to in such Information, Indictment, or Action: Provided that no Statement made by any Person in answer to any Question put by or before such Election Committee. or Commissioners shall, except in Cases of Indictments for Perjury, be admissible in Evidence in any Proceeding, Civil or Criminal.

Election Committees.

8. The following Regulations shall be made with respect to the Proceedings of Select Committees appointed to try Election Petitions:

1. On any Charge of Treating being brought before any Election Committee, it shall not

be necessary, unless the Committee should otherwise decide, to prove Agency in the first instance before giving in Evidence the Facts whereby the Charge of Treating is to be sustained:

2. Where any Person who has voted at any Election is found by any Committee to have been guilty of Bribery or Treating at such Election, his Vote shall be void, and may, upon a Scrutiny, be struck off the List of Voters, notwithstanding that the Name of such guilty Person has not been included in the List of Voters to be objected to:

3. Where any Election Petition complains that Bribery, Treating, or other Corrupt

Practices have been committed at any Election, the Committee to whose Determination such Petition is referred shall report to the House of Commons whether or not Corrupt Practices have, or whether there is reason to believe Corrupt Practices have, extensively prevailed at such Election in the Place to which the Petition refers.

26° VICTORIA, c. 29.

9. Where an Election Committee has reported to the House of Commons that certain Persons named by them have been guilty of Bribery or Treating, and where it appears by the Report of any Commission of Inquiry into Corrupt Practices at any Election made to Her Majesty and laid before Parliament that certain Persons named by them have been guilty of the Offences of Bribery or Treating, and have not been furnished by them with Certificates of Indemnity, such Report, with the Evidence taken by the Commission, shall be laid before the Attorney General, with a view to his instituting a Prosecution against such Persons if the Evidence should, in his Opinion, be sufficient to support a Prosecution.

Repeal.

10. There shall be repealed the several Acts of Parliament mentioned in the Schedule

hereto to the Extent specified in the Third Column of the said Schedule, but such Repeal shall not affect the Punishment of any Offence or the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any of the Provisions hereby repealed.

11. The Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts shall continue in force for a Period of Five Years from this Date of the passing of this Act, and from thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE.

Date of Act.

Title of Act.

Extent of Repeal.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 57. A.D. 1852.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 102. A.D. 1854.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 87. A.D. 1858.

An Act to provide for more effectual Inquiry into the Existence of Corrupt Practices at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bribery, Treating, and undue Influence at Elections of Members of Parliament.

An Act to continue and amend the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act, 1854.

Sections 9 and 10,

Sections 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, and 34.

So much of Section (1) aq provides that a full, true, and particular Account of all Payments made for such Conveyance, signed by the Candidate or his Agents, shall be delivered to the Election Auditor, with the Names and Addresses or the Persons to whom such Payments have been made, and the Amount of such Account shall be included in the General Account of the Expenses incurred at any Election to be made out and kept by such Election Auditor.

And Sections 2, 4.

26 Vict.

T

145

Prosecutions for Bribery.

Acts as mentioned in Col. 3. of Schedule repealed.

Continuance of Corrupt Practices Prevention Acts.

146

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 30.

54 G. 3. c. 159.

Rules, &c., made under recited Act may be ex-

CAP. XXX.

An Act to authorize further Harbour Regulations for the Protection of Her Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, and Naval Stations.

[22d June 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act, to which the Term The Dockyards Protection Act when herein-c after used refers, was passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of Ring George the Third, ' (Chapter One hundred and fifty-nine,) " For the better Regulation of the several Ports, ' ts Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays, and navigable Rivers in the United c C(Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dockyards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings, and ' " Stores therein, and for repealing several Acts made for that Purpose j"

And whereas by the said Act (among other things) Authority was given for the tasking

of Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the Preservation of His Majesty's Moorings, and for the mooring, anchoring, and placing of private Ships and Craft in the Ports, Harbours, ' Havens, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Creeks, Bays, and navigable Rivers of the United Kingdom, so far as the Tide flows and reflows, where or near to which His Majesty then had, or where His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, might thereafter have any ' Docks, Dockyards, Arsenals, Wharfs, or Mooring for the Purpose of ensuring free and (safe Ingress, Egress, and Regress unto, into, and from those Ports and Waters, and to and ' from His Majesty's Docks and other Property aforesaid therein, and for the ordering and

marking out of such Spaces near the same as should be judged necessary to be kept free ' and open, and for the Appropriation of Mooring Places for His Majesty's Ships, and for ' the specifying of Distances from His Majesty's Ships, Hulks, Docks, and other Property

aforesaid within which no private Ship or Craft should be moored, anchored, or placed, and for the altering from Time to Time of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as Occasion should require for the Purposes aforesaid; all which Rules, Orders, and Regulations it was

thereby enacted should, upon the making thereof, and also whenever altered, be published ' in the London Gazette, and, being printed and put upon Pasteboard, should be constantly

kept hung up in some open and conspicuous Part of the Custom House or other Place of ' public Resort for Business in the Port, Harbour, or Haven affected:

And whereas in the same Act Provision was also made, by the Imposition of pecuniary ' Penalties and otherwise, for (among other things) the preventing of private Ships or f Craft from being moored, anchored, or placed in the Fairway or Channel or across the

Stream in any such Port, Harbour, Haven, or navigable River, so as to obstruct the

Passage or Entrance into the same, and for the Removal of private Ships and Craft from r prohibited Positions, and for confining the breaming of Ships to particular Parts of the ' Shore, and for restricting the carrying of Gunpowder and the keeping of Fire on board (Ship, and the heating of Pitch or other combustible Matter on board Ship within the specified Distances of His Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, and other Property, and the f keeping of shotted Guns and the firing of Guns on board Ship in such Waters as

aforesaid:

CAnd whereas it may in some Instances be also desirable, with a view to the better ' Protection of Her Majesty's Ships and Property in Her Dockyards and Naval Stations, ' and to the Interests of Her Majesty's Naval Service, that there should be Authority for ' the making of Rules, Orders, and Regulations in manner directed by the Dockyards ' Protection Act, for restricting the Speed of Steamers within Harbours under particular f Circumstances or in particular Positions, and for enforcing the constant Attendance of

Shipkeepers on board Vessels within Harbours near Her Majesty's Dockyards and ' Naval Stations: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adtidd and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any Rules, Orders, and Regulations from Time to Time made under the Dockyards Protection Act may, where it seems expedient with a view to the better Protection of Her Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, or Property, or to the Requirements of Her Majesty's

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 30, 31.

Naval Service, extend, in addition to the Purposes in that Act mentioned, to the following Purposes, or either of them; namely,

(1.) To prohibit the navigating of Steam Vessels at a greater Speed than Five Nautical Miles an Hour in any specified Part of any Port, Harbour, Haven, or navigable River for which under the Dockyards Protection Act Rules, Orders, and Regulations may be made:

(2.) To require the Presence of at least One Person at all Hours of the Day and Night on board every Ship or Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft above a specified Size, anchored, moored, or placed in any specified Part of any such Port, Harbour, Haven, or navigable River.

2. Any such Rules, Orders, and Regulations may impose such reasonable pecuniary Penalties as may seem fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Breach thereof, but they shall be so framed as to allow the Justices or other Authority before whom any such Penalty is sought to be recovered to order Part only of the Penalty to be paid.

3. Every such Penalty shall be recoverable and applicable as pecuniary Penalties under the Dockyards Protection Act, and any Act amending the same, are recoverable and applicable. The Provisions of the Dockyards Protection Act respecting the Indemnity of Persons acting in pursuance thereof shall apply to Persons acting in pursuance of Rules, Orders, and Regulations made under the Authority of this Act; and generally, as far as may be, this Act shall be construed together with the Dockyards Protection Act, and any Act amending the same, as one Act.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the Government of the Cayman Islands.

[22d June 1863.]

WHEREAS certain Magistrates and other Inhabitants of the Island of Grand Cayman have from Time to Time, in Vestry or otherwise, passed or assumed to pass certain Acts or Resolutions for the Government of the Cayman Islands: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether such Acts or Resolutions are of any Effect in the said Islands, and by what Authority Laws may be made for the

"Government of the

game, and what Laws are actually in force therein; and it is expedient that such Doubts 6 should be set at rest: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. All Acts or Resolutions heretofore passed or purporting to have been passed at any Meeting of the Magistrates or Representatives, or of the Justices and Vestry, or of the Vestry of the Island of Grand Cayman, shall, so soon as a fair Copy of the same shall have been signed by the Governor of Jamaica in verification thereof, be and be deemed to have been valid and effectual, for all Purposes whatever within the said Cayman Islands, from the Date at which the same shall purport to have been passed.

2. It shall be competent to the Legislature of Jamaica to make Laws for the Peace, Order, and Good Government of the said Islands, and by such Laws to alter or repeal all or any of the aforesaid Acts or Resolutions; and also to give to the Justices and Vestry, or other Body or Bodies of Persons in the said Islands, such Power of making Laws or Regulations for Local Purposes within the same, as to the said Legislature may seem fit.

3. Until it shall be otherwise provided by the said Legislature, it shall be lawful for the sa& Justices and Vestry, in their accustomed Manner, or in such other Manner as shall be

T 2 prescribed

147

tended ter Purposes herein named.

Reasonable pecuniary Penalties may be imposed for Breach of Rules.

Penalties to be recoverable under this Act. This Act and recited Act,

&c. to be construed together.

Acts and Resolutions of Magistrates, &c. to be valid.

Power to Legislature of Jamaica to make Laws, &c.

Power to Justices and Vestry to make Regulations for Purposes herein named.

ni 'TslviO SudrRtgttt* tions to b4> -i

"Wrtfyj.t Governer of.

Jaipaiya helpr^ taking effect,

As toDwaljij)^ ance of the same.

Law of Jamaica to take effect in Cayman Islands.

Governor of Jamaica to be Governor of Cayman Islands.

Power to Supreme Court of Jamaica to try Causes arising in the said Islands;

to entertain Appeals from Decisions;

and to make Rules for proper Hear ing, &c.

at.

prescribed in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of Jamaica, to make such Regulations as to them shall seem ^r/he following Purposes; that is to say.

Respecting their own Constitution and Procedure; respecting the Powers and Duties of Public Officere>; J a ad espebWly retfpecting the Powers, Function*!; and Procedure 6f Justices of tW Peacp and Officers acting. under, theft* A^prfty y and respecting Appeals ftpp^thq peq$iops\of' Wiqft Jptws io the-St^prfwn.Court of Jamaica; K Respecting th& Establishment, Maintenance, Discipline, and Powers of the Poftce; Respecting the Management, Occupation, and Disposal'of the Public Property or M Common Land: ' .< - /

Respecting ^Abatement of Nuisances, the Coaatauotionrof Works of Public Utility, thfc making of Rbadsy the cloanBing of Stfreeta and Houses, and other Matters afieetafeg / the Health OrlOodvfemenQ^ ofi^the Community:

Respeciting this Custody ofiOffondetk and accused Persons; respecting the Imposition: and Collection of Rates and - Taxed, and respecting the Custody «ad Expenditure of - thp Ptcoedds thereeft r

Provided atway^ that no* Justaoeof the Peace shall by virtue of any such Regulation try any suit or AcOJony without the Consent of the Parties thereto, in which the Value of the Matter in dispute shall exceed One hundred Pounds, nor take cognizance of any Capital Crime, qor sentence any Offender to thq Payment of a Fine of more than Fifty Pounds, or t() Imprisonment for a .longer Term than Twelve Months.

4. No Regulation .msfdeby such; Justices and Vestry or other Legislative Authority in

the said glands shall take effect until rthe same shall have been signed by the .Officer admittisliering' the Go^ei-nment of Jamaica in token of ini Assent thereto; and every such Regulation may W disallowed' by Her Majesty by Order in Council or through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State, and shall cease, to be of any Effect so won as Jhe Jyft^q\van^ thereof shall be proclaimed within the saftl islands., (: }-uihf

5. Except as they may be inconsistent with the aforesaid Acte Or R^Olutic^imd '

subject to any such Alterations as may be made by or by Authority of the aforesaid Legislature of Jamaica, and to such Regulations-as may from Time to Time be made under Authority of this Act, the Laws now in force in Jamaica shall from the Date of this Act be deemed to be in force in the said Islands, so far as the same shall be? applicable to the Circumsfai/ceif thereof.' - " '" r" ', r' ': ' '

iQ. Tke.OStec'administering' the (yovemnrtirt df Jtimaiaashall have/fts frciasanty be, the same Powenmand Ajit&oritieBin respect <*f t&e ^s&d Islands aaifthesamehdd been

of, t>lje Ja]/m$:<rf.Jamaiea.> .....

>'7yThe18upr^me Court* of Jamaica ', and all Officers thereof, shall have aqd Zeroise, in respect to Suits, Actions, Questions, or Prosecutions arising in the said Islands which may npt /be lawfully triable by any Authority therein, or which; in conformity with any -Later or l^egtdatiOb ci/o.force; therein j maybe .deferred for iheDecisioa of tilt said Court, the same Jurisdiction and Power as if the same Islands were Part of the Island of 1

'8. It Gliall'bh lawful for the Supreme Court to entertain Appeal/} from the Decisions of a Jtustdkjfe or'Justices of the Peace1 in the said Islands, within such Limits as: may be prescribed by any Law or Regulation in force in the said Islands; and by Rule of COurt from Trhae.to Tipie to muke tueh: special Provision as the skid Court may tiiitik requisite, ftt the proper -Hwing 'and-'Deterttwittion of edcb Suite, Aotkois, Proseoutiahs, and i Appeals as aforesaid: f P/ovided tbatjn^eueb, Rule shall t^ke. effect un#l it sha^J have , b/&en by

tlfp Officer ^iuisterjbg.fh/e Groverprpent oJf Ja hi.token of; hj ^, Approval therfof.

An Act to 'confirm certiam Provisional Orders tinder the Local Goverotoent -niAet {1858) relating to the Districts of Teignmouth, Kingston-

upon-Hutl, NotiSttghdm, Brad^d^ Byd Batley,

u^pn^Tyjeedy Sfceerness, and Bromsgrove.

[29th 1863.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretariec of State, ins, Tinder the Provisions of the Local *} *Government Act, 1868, dulymadecertam Frovisional Orders, which are contained in the ' Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act ' that no isuob Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been con firmed by Parliament; and1 it k expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed ' and further Provision made in relation thereto:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's ineetiExdeHent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent (of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ktaey ds follows: *; *

Tie Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the<PrSviskma of thb same had been expressly enacted in this Act. - 1

2. This Actshail be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858a.

ftyiftU.be.ftS if tins Act and the said Local Government Act were one Act.

%. In cithig this Act in any other Act, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Atft, 1863/

Provisional Orders in ScWale confirmed.

This Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

f SClftibtJLE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

It Babfgrdj — 'Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1645, for the iiaod Purchase of Land byl thd Basford Local Board for Street Improvements.

2. Teignmouth. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for' PWh^se of Land by the Teignmouth Local Board for the Formation o.f'a

8. KikGarEOl«-»OPOHhHuLU--'Putting in force the Lands Olausts Consolidation Adt, *r. 1846, for the Purchase of Lands: by the Kingstoinupon-HuU Local Board - or

Health for Street Iifapvbvement&

, 4. Np^WffHAtt.rr, Putting i fxforce the Lands 1 Clauses X^opeelidalion Act; 1845, for .31q foe, Purchase.; p^ Lepde by the; Nottingham, Lpeal Board: of Healthifor Sfiwefl. ifiijfi ilwTToyemcfffov^Q.

oife BfcADFOijXM — Putting in forCei the Lands' Clauses i Consolidation Act, 1845i for the "ji cfipuriihhse of Landau by the Bradibrd Local Board of Heaith for 'Street Improvements: I

— Altering the KangSton-upon-Hun Improvement Actj 1854, ' ,; 'lnxihrpbrdtifia/in itPtfoViftions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, respecting Streets, and for other Purposes.

7. Ryde. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Ryde Commissioners acting as the

Local Board within the Ryde Distinct in, the Isle of Wight.

8. Bedford. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Bedford Local Board.

160

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

9. Croydon. — Altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Croydon in the County of Surrey.

JO, BatIiEY. — Altering the Order in Council applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Batley in the County of York

11. Berwick-upon-Tweed. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Berwick-upon-Tweed Local Board of Health.

12. Sheerness. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Sheerness Local Board of

Health.

13. Bromsgrove. — Altering Part? of Local Act in force within thn District of the

Bromsgrove Local Board.

BASFORD.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Basford Local Board in the County of Nottingham, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Basford Local Board in and for the District of Basford in the County of Nottingham have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of enabling them to alter and improve certain streets in the said District, as set forth and described in such Petition.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieoes of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon. 1

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Local Board for the said District of Basford in the County of Nottingham shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of June 1862.

(Signed) G. Gutar.

151

26° & 27° VICTORIAE. c. 82.

Sc&stitjL£ rtfetted 16 in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Lend and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing

Order, are the following:—

Property proposed to be taken. No. on Plan. Owner. Occupier.

Garden land - 1 Thos. Danks Thos. Danks.

Ditto - 2 Ditto - Edward Clarke.

Club room and garden land 8 Ann Chamberlain Ann Chamberlain.

Garden land and building 13 James Smith James Smith.

Garden land - 14 Benjamin Abbot - Thomas Fox.

Ditto ... 1<T r Thomas Hanson.

Ditto - 16 Edward Brailsford.

Ditto - 17 t Thomas Smedley and James Blyton.

Ditto - 18 I William Ivory Fletcher^ William Hopcraft.

Ditto - 19 Thomas Smedley.

Ditto 20J Samuel Dodson.

Back yard and premises 2 r > Alfred Torr.

Ditto 22 Sarah Kent.

Ditto - 23 Ann Buck land.

Ditto Ditto 24 I 25 f William Clay - < Unoccupied. John Fox.

Ditto ... 26 William Wallwin.

Ditto - 27 John Woodward.

Ditto ... 28 John Sliipstone.

Garden land and outbuilding 29 William Birkin - William Birkin.

Ditto 30 George Smith George Smith.

Garden land - 31 Robert Wright - Robert Wright.

Garden land and premises Ditto - 32 \ 33/ Sarah Knight - -1 r Mark Mitchell. | Mary Osborne. George Diggle.

Yard, stable, and premises 34 William Frost - -< John Ford. Thomas Keeling.

Dwelling-house - 35 Fred. Harwood Ward Thomas Bradbury.

Dwelling-houses and garden land 371 r Ruth Godber.

Dwelling-house - 38 Thos. Osborne.

Ditto ... 39)Rich. VickerstafF -< 1 Unoccupied.

Ditto ... 40 I Ditto.

Ditto - 41J 1 Ditto.

Ditto - 42 William Marriott William Marriott.

Ditto 43 Maty Corden Mary Corden.

Ditto - 44 Ditto - Ditto.

Garden land - 45 Elias Alton Harriet Persons.

Ditto ... House, premises, and garden land 46 \ 47/ William Maltby -1 1 Richard Spencei*. Ann Henson.

TEIGNMOUTH.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act) 1845, within the district; of the, Teignmouth Ldcal Board, for the Purchase of Land by the said Board for d Public o Boad^-Local Government Act, 1858 *

Whereas the Local Government Act^ 1858, has been duly adopted by the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Town of Teignmouth in the County of Devon; and whereas the aid Local Government Act, 1858, has now the foree of law within the district of the town of TeignlnOuth aforesaid; and wheitas the said Commissioners, acting as Local Board under such Ant; have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75 th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly adopted by them as aforesaid, and after complying with the requirements of h - that

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, 32.

that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of forming a road or publie highway within the District of the said Local Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the pieces of land and the buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Teignmouth Improvement Commissioners aforesaid, being the Local Board for the District of Teignmouth in the County of Devon, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands and buildings referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Fifth day of June 1862.

(Signed) G. nr.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Buildings proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following (the numbers in column 2 referring to the numbers on the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition to the Secretary of State): —, '

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

Part of a field called Long Meadow, containing rood and 36 perches.

Part of fields called Buckeridge Fields, Black&Uers and Little Allers, containing 1' rood and 28 perbhts.

Part of ct field called Long Park, containing'11 perches.

Part of a field called Lower Heath Park, containing lr rood.

Part of fields called Backyard, containing 18 perches.

Part of fields called Big Paradise, Little Mead, and Little Paradise, containing 28 perches.

Ho. on Plan. Owners ot reputed - L Owners. lessees and Oocnjaprs or repute^ *' Lessees and Occupiers.

; a, - /, George Ferris Whidborne, George Moir, and John Hcllyer Tozer. William Parsons.

2, 3, 4, &5 George Ferris Whidborne, George Moir, and John Hellyer Tozer, Willi amOotton.

6 -: ' . 1 i Sanderson John Howe f f_; j ' Willie MaiuM.i --dj William Mann .; : j " " TT >T[! "fL 1 [Avb

7 Charles Langley nnd William, ? Henry Langley.

8 John Rendell and Thomas Pidsley. fieiuy lTqar^.^ v ' -V-- d "iff} -ji

9 and 10 . ' - "J L, George Frl&ieriek Trokcott and the Rev. Charles Redwell Reper* j /I; 4 o? Thomas' Gribfefo' and Henry Lak^Hirtzel.

1;

26° fc *WiVMSVOlLTMj c. 82

\0S3

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. No. on 1 Plan. 1 Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees and Occupiers or reputed Lessees and Occupiers.

1

i Part of a field called Paradise, containing 22 perches. 11 The Trustees of Grendon's Charity, viz., — George Braund, James (Commin, Charles Davey, Alfred Evans, Henry Lake Hirtzel, William Hooper, Charles Kingdon, Kent Kingdon, William Miles, Patrick Miller, James Pasmore, Edward Andrew Sanders, Thomas Snow, Perry Sparkes, John Hull Terrell. Thomas Gribble and Henry Lake Hirtzel.

Part of a field called Outer Moor, containing 8 perches. 12 The Right Hon. the Earl of Devon, Samuel Trehawke Kekewich, George Frederick Truscott, and the Rev. Charles Rodwell Roper. George Frederick Truscott and the Rev. Charles Rod-well Roper, William Coles. (William . Coles, Occupier.)

Part of a field called Inner Moor, containing 6 perches. 13 George Frederick Truscott and the Rev. Charles Rodwell Roper. Lewis Galsworthy.

Occupation Road 19 | The Right Hon. the Earl of Devon, Samuel Trehawke Kekewich, George Frederick Truscott, i the Rev. Charles Rodwell Roper, William Pearce Blake, and Frances Warren. William Coles, Lewis Galsworthy, Jane Brimage, James Foard Ley, and John Luce (Occupiers).

Part of a field called Little Ham, containing 18 perches. 14 1 Frances Warren - Jane Brimage, James Peard Ley (Occupiers).

Part of fields called Stono field and Middle Stone field, containing rood and 3 perches. 15 and 16 Henry Boulton Pennell I -.T-nkaj; >ciO amWfcrt 3 Henry Boulton Pennell (Occupier).

Part of a field called Batter Knoll Meadow, containing rood and 26 perches. 17 Henry Boulton Pennell Edward Palk, Thomas Gribble, and Henry Lake Hirtzel.

Part of a field called John's Well, containing 26 perches. 18 -U - Jacob Bickford Bartlett and Alexander Foxcroft Ridgway. Ellis Dunricli.

* '1 " KliSGSTON-UpON-IIULL. / ,; 1 ';

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845* tritfuHthe Borough t&fkgst<m-upon-iidU4fa the Purchase of Lands fyj tke Local Board of Health of the aforesaid Borough for Street Improvem&nts.^Local Government Act, 1868. t

_ > i i

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of ffiugfltQUrupoBrHull, in theto* 6(Local Board of Health for the District of the wd Borough, have^ in pursuance of the Provisions jof the 75tl^ Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and alter 4»riplying wifh'Hne^e^Sepaehts of that Section by, duly giving and serving all notices thereby dieted, duly presented a petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Statfe for authority to p^j^jf^eithn LM^dsiClaqs^ Consolidation Aft, 1845, to enable ther aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of enabling them to alter bu2 afcreete*ai4 District, as.net apd dpscnbed.in such Petition.

fasniHAAil ytitcMaa the Pethkn djuly aet forth the several t pieces of land (and the .several buildings intended to oe taken by such Board for such purposes^ unde the nwnes of the, owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued 26 & 27 Vict. U by

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty^ Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Local Board for the said District of Kingston-upon-Hull shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this 21st day of March 1863.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing

Order, are the following: —

No. on Plan. Names of Owners. Names of Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

Salthouse Lane and High Street Improvement.

52 I Mary Gleadow - [- - [Henry Fussey.

53 | Robert Newton - | - - | William Abba.

Waterhouse Lane Improvement.

44

45

46

47

48

The Rev. J. D. Frost -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Robert Brickleb&nk. Henry Marwood. Samuel Grayson.

1 John Nevison.

A. G. Sollitt.

Myton Place and Castle Row Improvements.

1 The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Hull. Anthony William Westoby

2 Ditto - Thos. Rymers and others (F. Appleyard's Devisees).

3 Ditto Ditto -

4 Ditto - Ditto -

5 Ditto - Ditto -

6 Ditto - - J. S. Easterby and others (Assignees or James Isaac Markcrow, a Bankrupt).

7 The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Hull. Eliza Dibb ... I

8 Ditto -

9 Joseph Parrott - Ditto -

10 Ditto -

11 Ditto - - i

12 John Ellis -

13 Ditto - «...

14 Ditto -

15 Ditto -

16 | Ditto -

17 Ditto -

18 Richard Wilbe and others -

Anthony William Westoby.

Thos. R, Halfyard.

Daniel Waghom.

Martha Ridsdale.

Hannah Anderson.

James Isaac Markcrow.

Edward Parkin.

George Jinman.

Samuel Decent.

Thos. Rainster.

Joseph Parrott.

Thomas Annis.

James Mitchell.

James Foster.

John Crispin.

Samuel Parkin.

Joseph Griffin.

Richard Wilbe and others.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

155

No. on Flan. Names of Owners. Names of Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

19 The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Hull. Jesse Graves Timothy Oliver.

20 Ditto - Thompson, MoKay, and Co., and Carver and Company. Thompson, McKay, and Co., and Carver and Company.

21 The Hull Dock Company- - The Hull Dock Company.

22 Ditto - - The Hull Dock Company and W. J. Mark crow.

23 M. W. Clarke and others (executors of the late W. W. Hyde). - Mrs. Hyde.

24 Henry Stephenson - - Henry Stephenson.

25 Mrs. Coverd&le - . - John Taylor. Christopher Rice.

20 Christopher Rice - m m m m

27 William B. Moor - Samuel Ellyard Charles Vinton.

28 P. T. Flodman and others (Joseph Lambert's executors). i Harriet Sanderson.

29 Ditto - - James Story.

30 Ditto - John Griffin.

32 Harbord Harbord - William Pycock.

33 Henry Eecritt - - John Nevison.

34 Ditto -.. Edward Wigney. David Middlemist.

35 David Middlemist - 1 -

36 Ditto - - Ditto.

37 William Grainger . Robert Proctor.

40 R. Walker's Executors ..... John Turner.

41 Ditto - -: William Warden W. B. Smith.

43 John Astrop and others - Edward Chaloner.

54

54

North Church Side Improvement.

William Doughty and another — Trustees of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Hall, and the said Mr. and Mrs.

Freshney and Keyworth -

Robert Hall.

The Vicar and Churchwardens of -Holy Trinity.

Freshney and Keyworth.

The Vicar and Churchwardens of Holy Trinity.

Leadenhall Square Improvement.

23 James Elliott . James Elliott.

24 William Fenton - " | - i - William Fenton.

NOTTINGHAM.

Provisional Order, putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Local Board for the Borough of Nottingham, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board, otherwise than by Agreement. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham, being the Local Board in and for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to widen, alter, and improve certain streets or roadp within such Borough.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several . pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned.no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act afore-

U 2 said.

-.i

said, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement 7 anthuir- the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector-appointed for the propose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, lthevefor#, I, &a'6ne bf Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursu&ttt^ ttf the ^owers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct; , — ^i (.-...j-v/ "V .*, ?!: '

That, frorti/anA after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Mayor, Aldermen, apd Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham, being the Local Board for the said Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the messuages Qr tenetqentSj >buildings, londs, hereditaments, and premises referred to and described in t^ &ieduiklito this'Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, IMB/Vith respect1 to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given up<% my stand this 21st day of March 1863. (

(Signed) G* Grey.

) U (Xhe Schepule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes snt forth in the preceding Order, and which are situate in the Borough of Nottingham, are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan of the said Hereditaments and Premises deposited at the Office of the Surveys of $£ said Local Board, St. Peter's Church Side, Nottingham, in the month of November 1862, and mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board hereinbefore referred to: —

riumifiT

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed t<r be taken. 1 No. on the said Plan. i 1 Owners or reputed Owners. | (toqptta p -1 1 ] n , 73run^K

House, Shop, Warehouse, and The Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses of the and .Alexander Kilham Sutton.

Premises in or near Bottle Lane Bo-

and Bridlesmith Gate. rough of Nottingham.

House, Shop, Warehouse, Passage, 2, and Mary Ann Henson, Richard Joseph Brown and Daniel Smart.

and Premises in or near! Bridle- part of 3 Beresford Henson, and . :aH

smith Gate and Bottle Lane. 'lliomas Wright Henson., 10 ni e.ogrma^I Ima tqoif8

Warehouses, Printing Offices, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane. filial# The same j Alexander Kilham Sutton.

Common Yard and Premises in or near Bottle Lane. The same Joseph Brown, Daniel Smart, and Alexander Kilham Sutton.

House, Shop, Passages, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 5, 6, and 7 I ttiwffiW I Thomas Baines ' 4 Henry Milward Raines and William Henry Bainea.

House, Shop, Warehouse, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 8 Thomas Fox - Unoccupied.

Warehouse* Sknighter-house, and Premises in^cr Bear Lister Gate. 9 The same - John Chapman and Edward Martin.

Common Yard, Passage, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 1<>, 11, 12, 1 and 13 The same - JoHn Chapman, Edward Martin, James Bridger, William Henry Bostock, Hugh Atherstone Mann, and William Bakes.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. o7 3*147 The same - John Chapman.

House, Shop* and Premises in or near Lister Gate. If) The same - James Bridger.

House, Shop, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 16 and 18 The same - Edward Martin.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 17 The same - William Bakes.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 19 r. mfiilii t/, The same - William Henry Bostock.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Lister Galtyjo^O 6 20 I vbIIooV/ ' j The same m H ugh Atherstone Mann.

26* & 27" RlK c. 32.

157

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken. No. on the said Plan. Owners or reputed Owners. 1 | t i Occupiers.

Common Yard and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 21 Thomas Fox - Edward Martin, William Henry Bostock, Hugh Atherstone Mann, and William Bakes.

Outbuildings or Kitchens, Warehouse, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, and 27. The same ... William Bakes, William Henry Bostock, and Hugh Atherstone Mann.

House, Shop, and Premises in or 28 The same William Henry Robinson.

near Lister Gate.

Warehouse, Cellars, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 29 The same - William Bakes, Hugh Atherstone Mann, William Henry Bostock, William Smith, and William Henry Robinson.

Warehouse and Premises in or 30 The same - William Henry Robinson.

near Lister Gate.

Warehouse and Premises in or 31 The same - Charles Daft.

near Lister Gate.

Common Yard, Common Passage, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 32, 33, and 34. The same - Charles Daft, William Smith, William Henry Robinson, and Elizabeth Spencer Goodall.

House, Shop, and Premises in or 35 The same - Elizabeth Spencer Goodall.

near Lister Gaite.

House, Shop, and Premises in or 36 The same - William Smith. '

near Lister Gate.

House, Shop, and Premises in or 37 and 38 Frederick Brewster - James Smith (Lessee and Occupier).

near Lister Gate.

Common Ashpit, Common Yard, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 39 and 40 The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham and Frederick Brewster. Zachariah Shaw, Robert, Tomlinson, James Smith, and Thomas Stevenson.

Houses or Tenements, Shops, Out- 42, 43, 41, The Mayor, Aldermen, Thomas Stevenson, Robert Tom-

buildings, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 44, 45, and 46. and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham. linson, and Zachariah Shaw.

Public House, Brewhouse, Kitchen, Stables, Outbuildings, Yards, and Premises in or near 47, 51, 50, 53, 54, and 48. William Squire Ira Stafford.

Broad Marsh.

Common Yard and Premises in or near Broad Marsh. 48 and 49 William Squire and Mary Ann White. Ira Stafford and Edward Dance.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Broad Marsh. 52, part of 51, and part of 54. Mary Ann White Edward Dance.

House, Shop, Warehouse, Outbuildings, Yard, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, and 50. William Shipley Thomas Towle.

House, Shop, Bakehouse, Stable, Outbuildings, Yard, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 61, 63, 64, 65, and 66. William Royce William Royce., ' ' /

Common Passage in or near Lister Gate .: t 62 The same and Joseph Crabtree. Joseph Crabtree, William Hoyce* Oswald Garratt, James Voce/ and Ann King.

House, Shop, Booms, Yard, Outbuildings, and Premises in or 67, 68, 69, and 70. Joseph Crabtree Joseph Crabtree and Aim King.

near Lister Gate, t *

House and Premises in or near 71 The same - James Voce.

Lister Gate.

Common Yard and Premises in 72 The same - Oswald Garratt and James Voce.

or near Lister Gate.

Workshops or Tenements and 73 The same - Oswald Garratt.

Premises in or near Lister Gate.

House, Shop, Slaughter-house, Outbuildings, Yard, Passage, and 74, 75, 76, 77, and 78. John Carver - Abraham Jamison.

Premises in or near Lister Gate.

Parts of Public House, Dwelling 79, 80, 81, The Mayor, Aldermen, William Marriott, Edward King,

House, Shop, Passages, and Premises in or near Lister Gate. 82, and 83. and Burgesses of the Bo- Elizabeth King, and Thomas

) (l!r i ' rough of Nottingham. Woolley (Lessee and Occupier). ... - -, ..... i -A.

15$

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

BRADFORD.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Bradford Local Board of Health for the Purchase of Land by the said Board for Street Improvements. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bradford in the county of York, by the Council of the said Borough, the said Council being the Local Board of Health for the District of the Borough aforesaid, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of carrying out certain street improvements within the District of the said Local Board of Health.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the pieces of land and the buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in

Siance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and t, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bradford in the county of York, being the Local Board of Health for the District of the said Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands and buildings referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this 21st day of March 1863.

(Signed) G. Grey.

SCHEDULE referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Buildings proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing

Order, are the following: —

No. on Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners. Lessees. Occupiers.

First Pakt.

1

Comprising the Lands requited for the Improvement of Street called Well Street *

Hay Warehouse, Stable, Shed, and Yard.

Sir Henry William Des Vceux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company, John Hamerton, Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen De Cardonel Wright, Rev. Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright.

- John L&ycook, Thomas Mills.

No. on Plan.

3

4 \

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

Lands to be taken.

House and Shop

House and Shop

Privy and Ashpit

Owners.

Temperance Hotel and Dwelling House.

House and Currier's Shop.

Yard

Sir Henry William Des Vceux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Vceux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Vceux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low MoOr Com-

I'obacconist's

Shop.

pany. Sir He

House, and Yard,

Sir Henry William Des Vceux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Shop, t Sir Henry William Des, Vceux, Christopher Holds-

worth Dawson the younger, I and John Wood, Trustees i for the Low Moor Com-

Leftsees.

Joseph Rhodes

Edward Seed and Isaac Hammond.

Mary Ann Greenhough and Joseph Greenhough, junior.

Occupiers.

Mary Ann Greenhough and Joseph Greenhough, junior.

Joseph Rhodes

Mary Ann Greenhough and Joseph Greenhough, junior, Joseph Rhodes.

Joseph Rhodes

Joseph Rhodes

George^Hoffman

William Prest.

George Hoffman, William J Prest, James Tweed, Joseph Rhodes, and William Rhodes, Thomas Birch Bradford, Sarah Waddington, Charles Smythe Johnson, Edward Rhodes.

James Tweed.

Joseph Rhodes and William Rhodes.

Joseph Rhodes., James Tweed, William Rhodes.

Thomas Birch Bradford.

Sarah Waddington.

Dram Shop

Yard y-

Stable -

Sir fienry William Des j Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger,

and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

- Sir Henry William Des | Vceux, Christopher Holds-

worth Dawson the younger; I and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

- Sir Henry William Des; Voeux, Christopher Holds-: worth Dawson the younger,

I and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Joseph Rhodes

Edward Seed, Isaac Hammond, Joseph Rhodes, Mary Ann Greenhough, and Joseph Greenhough, junior.

Joseph Rhodes

Charles Smythe Johnson,

Joseph Rhodes, George Hoffman, William Prest, James Tweed, tVilliam Rhodes, Thomas Birch Bradford, Sarah Waddington, Charles Smythe Johnson, Edward Rhodes.

Joseph Rhodes and William Rhodes.

No. on Plan.

Lands to be taken.

Owners.

Lessees.

13

14

Slaughter-house

Currier's Warehouse.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Com-

Joseph Rhodes

Joseph Rhodes

15

16

17

18

19

90

Coal Cellar

Wool Warehouse

Blacksmith's

Shop.

Gighouse -

Vacant Land

Stable

pany.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company, John Hamerton, Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen De Cardonel Wright, Rev. Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company, «John Hamerton, Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen De Cardonel Wright, Rev. Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company, John Hamerton, Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen De Cardonel Wright, Rev.Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright.

Sir Henry William Des Voeux, Christopher Holdsworth Dawson the younger, and John Wood, Trustees for the Low Moor Company, John Hamerton, Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen De Cardonel Wright, Rev.Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright.

Joseph Rhodes

Joseph Rhodes

Occupiers.

- George Hoffman.

- Joseph Rhodes and William Rhodes.

- Sarah Waddington.

- Edward Rhodes.

William Leathley.

Joseph Oddy, Thomas Oddy, and William Oddy.

Edward Rhodes.

2(5" & S?" VICTORIAE, c. 32.

r|I6l

No. on Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners. Lessees. Occupiers.

« '; t

Second Part (Section A,)

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of the East Side of the North End of

Market Street.

24

25

26

27

28

31

33

afcwloeSan

Coalplace.

Shop and Warehouse.

House, Shop,

Coalplace, and Areas.

Shop

Shop

rrfl*SJ iU-Mh^V

Passage -

1ST

ouse

House and detached Pantry.

Dram Shop, Warehouse, Stable, Storeroom, Bot-tlehouse, Staircase, and Offices.

Passage, Yard, Coalplace, Privy and Ashpit.

William Watson slid Stephen Watson, James Leeming, Simeon Hardy Swaine.

William Watson and Stephen Watson.

James Leeming

Simeon Hardy Swaine

George Knowles Rev. John Walker

HSnnah Green, RCv. Jolm Walker, George Knowles, Simeon Hardy Swaine, James Leeming, William Watson, and " Stephen Watson.

Hannah Green Benjamin Briggs Popplewell

Benjamin Briggs Popplewell

Benjamin Briggs Popplewell

Benjamin fl^iggs Popplewell

Samuel Martin, ^Michael Calvert.

Samuel Martin, Calvert.

Michael

Elizabeth Simpson, John Murray, and William Simpson,

Elizabeth Simpson, ' John Murray, and William Simpson.

Samuel Martin, William Watson and Stephen Watson, Michael Calvert, Simeon Hardy Swaine.

William Watson and Stephen Watson.

Samuel Martin, Michael Calvert.

Simeon Hardy Swaine.

jljnr* ": f jjV 7/

Isaac Ellis Patchett.

Elizabeth Simpson, John Murray agg William STimpsou^ pimeon Hardy Swaine.

Joseph Wilkinson, Elizabeth Simpson, John Murray and William Simpson, Isaac Ellis Patchett, Simeon Hardy Swaine, Michael Calvert, William Watson and Stephen Watson, Samuel

epK^iEki

hison.

U*1

'rj

M *':

: t Joseph

- i Edward Haley, Thomas j Taylor.

- j Samuel Leach.

- | Benjamin Briggs Popple-| well, Benjamin Terry, and

John Watson.

ajs Popple-ti Terry and Batson, Samuel

John

Leach.

Second Part (Section JL)

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Market Street on the North-west Side

thereof adjoining Lower Cheapside.

34 SSoeft. John Stead - George Parkinson and Roliert <%k. v;

35 f Beer House and Piece Room. John Stead -: i George P^rkinsor^ and Robert Clark. , f

36 Warehouse John Stead - 4 t -; ... J f.r / George ^arkipsotr ari^Ryicrt

26 & 27 VICT. X

Hartley and Samuel Priestley, James Holroyd.

James Holroyd, William Wilkinson, Thomas Hartley, and Samuel Priestley.

Sharp Greenwood, James Holroyd.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32

No. on Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners.

37 Forecourt - John Stead -

38 Offices, Rooms, Cellar, and Watercloset. Benjamin Greenwood, Samuel Lay cock. Trustee under the Will of the late James Hobson.

39 Passage and Yard Benjamin Greenwood, Somuel Laycock, Trustee under the Will of the late J ames Hob- son, James Greaves Tetley Parkinson, Alfred Ogden.

40 Piece Room Benjamin Greenwood, Samuel Laycock, Trustee under the Will of the late James Hobson.

41 Piece Room Benjamin Greenwood, Samuel Laycock, Trustee under the WUl of the late James Hobson.

Occupiers.

George Parkinson and Robert Clark.

William Rouse

Denbigh Scott, James Holroyd, Sharp Greenwood, William Wilkinson, Thomas Hartley, and Samuel Priestley.

George Edmund Donis-thorpe, John Crofts and Richard Dawson, Joshua Wood, Joseph Bentham, John Marshall Jowett, William Christopher

Watson, and James Bland.

George Edmund Donis-thorpe, John Crofts and Richard Dawson, Joshua Wood, Joseph Bentham, John Marshall Jowett, William Christopher Watson and James Bland, Henry Mason, James Mallison, Hannah Ogden, Alfred Ogden, James Greaves Tetley Parkinson, Maurice Goggin, John Glover.

Henry Mason.

James Mallison.

i

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

Second Part (Section C.)

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of the Centre of Market Street.

Shop and Offices

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

House, Shop, and Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Offices. Rawson.

House and Shop

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

House and Shop Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Warehouses - Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Shop

- Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Fiece Room

- Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Thomas Taylor, William Roberts, Abraham Lay-cock.

Sarah Ambler, William Roberts.

Tatter sail Wilkinson (late unoccupied).

John Goddard.

Joseph Robinson, Benjamin Greenwood, .John Goddard.

Joseph Wood.

Unoccupied.

fo. on

Plan.

49

50

61

52

53

54

56

56

57:

58

59

60

61

62

63

64

65

66

67

68

69

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Raws on.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson, Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson, Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

Joseph Holdsworth and Thomae Holdsworth. John Ward.

James Taylor.

James Taylor, John Hall.

John Hall.

Thomas Sharp, John Hall. John Hall.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford. Walker Holmes.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

The Bradford Exchange Thomas Taylor, William Company (Limited), Henry Roberts, Abraham Lay-

Hodgson Haigh, and Tho- cock, Sarah Ambler, Tat-

mas Crabtree (Trustees for tersall Wilkinson, John

the Commercial Banking Goddard, Joseph Robin-

Company). son, Benjamin Green-

wood, Joseph Wood, Joseph Holdsworth and Thomas Holdsworth, John Ward, James Taylor, John Hall, Thomas Sharp, Walker Holmes, John

Popples ton, ---Jameson, John Fawcett, Rudolphus

Egan, Henry Varley, Mary Bentley, Edward Haley,

William Atkinson, John Pearson, and Benjamin Firtn, Joseph Smith, John Harrison, John Foster Horsfall, John Foster, Samuel Firth, Samuel Baines, John Priestley, Jeremiah Ambler, Henry Christopher Poole, Samuel Wignall and John Wignall, Joshua Hains-worth, William Rhodes, William Shackleton, John Burgess, Noah Smith, James Mitchell.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary The Bradford Exchange Rawson. Company (Limited).

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary The Bradford Exchange Rawson. Company (Limited),

John Poppleston, -

Jameson.

Unoccupied.

John Fawcett, Rudolphus Egan, Henry Varley.

Mary Bentley. Edward Haley.

Edward Haley.

Unoccupied.

William Atkinson John Pearson, and Benjamin Firth.

Beiyamin Greenwood.

Joseph Smith, Benjamin Greenwood, John Harrison, John Foster Horsfall, John Foster.

Benjamin Greenwood, Samuel Firth, Samuel Baines.

John Priestley, Jeremiah Ambler, Samuel Baines.

No. on Plan.

70

71

72

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

80

2V.J . it m; 'i:r

Warehouse

Shop and Warehouses!

Shop and Warehouses.

Shop and Warehouses.

Piece Room

Piece Room Piece Room

Piece Room

Piece Room

Provision Stores and Piece

Rooms. Passages, Yard, Steps, and

Staircases.

_ 11 '

vsm

i'll*:

»T I-

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited).

Samuel Wignall and John Wignall, Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

Joshua Hainsworth, Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

William Rhodes, Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

William Shackleton, Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Christopher Poole.

John Burgess, Noah Smith, John Priestley.

James Mitchell.

Joseph Smith, John Foster.

Samuel Wignall and John Wignall, Joshua Hains-worth, John Priestley, Benjamin Greenwood, John Burgess, William Rhodes, Joseph Smith, Jeremiah Ambler, Samuel Firth* James Mitchell, Noah Smith, John Harrison, John Foster Hors fall* John Foster, Samuel Bainep, John Priestley, Henry Christopher Poole.

Second Past (Section D.)

Comprising Lands required for the proposed New Street from Market Street to the Bottom of

Manchester Hoad.

81 Shop, Warehouse, and Counting-house. Henry Pearson .* - - m

82 Shop and Warehouse. Henry Pearson -

83 Yard, Privies, and Ashpit. Henry Pearson -

84 Bowling Green Hotel, Frontage, Dram Shop, Bottling Room, John Ward (Trustee of the late Susan Ward). John Lupton

Warehouse J3ta-bie* Gighwise, r CofAicmse, vies. Ashpit* and Yard:-- - <l*!- ' *r-

85 Shop, W arehouse, Frontage, 1 - and Ydrd; J - 1 John Ward (Trustee of the '1 late Susan Ward).' m + .

Silas Scott.

John Taylor and Edward Clifton, Silas Scott.

John Taylor and Edward Clifton, Sitys Scott.

John Lupton.

Richard Fawcett.

No on Plan.

86

87

House, Shop, Yard, Outbuildings, Co&tplace, Privy, and Ashpit.

Stable -

88

89

90

91

92

93 93a

94

95

House, Shop, Warehouse, Yard, Privy, Ashpit, and Outbuildings. House, Yard, Workshop, Pri-

House, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit.

Offices, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit.

House, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit.

W arehouse, Yard, and Passage.

Warehouse and Gountinghouse, Passage and Yard.

Warehouse, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings.

Warehouse and Countinghouse.

96

Open Around,

James Thistleton Haigh and James Aked.

James Thistleton Haigh and James Aked.

James Thistleton Haigh and James Aked.

James Thistleton Haigh and James Aked.

James Thistleton Haigh and James Aked.

Sarah Ann Oxtoby -

William Christopher Oxtoby and Sarah Oxtoby his wife. Thomas Thwaites -

Thomas Thwaites

Thomas Thwaites

Thomas Thwaites -

James Thistleton Haigh, and James Aked, Sarah Ann Oxtoby, William Christopher Oxtoby, and Sarah Oxtoby his wife, Thomas Thwaites.

97 Warehouse

98 Public House cal-

led the M Horse Shoes Inn," Store Room, Stable, Yard, Privy, Ashpit, Outbuildings,

and Passage.

99 Private Road -

100 Stable and Ma-

nure Place.

101 Shop -

102 Shop

103 House -

John Sugden and Clayton.

John Sugden and Clayton.

John Sugden and Clayton.

Abraham Bower

Abraham Bower Abraham Bower Abraham Bower

Ruth

Ruth

Ruth

John Sugden

John Sugden //-John Sugden

Mary Archer and William I Archer.

Mary Archer and William Archer, Joseph Parkinson.

Edward Harland.

William Pearson.

I

Michael Nelson.

, George Robert Mossman.

Martha Smith.

Thomas Bairstow Pox and Jonas Whitley.

Thomas Thwaites.

Robert Hill.

Richard Pilkington, William Pilkington, and William Pilkington, junior.

Mary Archer and William Archer, Joseph Parkinson, Edwara Harland, William Pearson, Michael Nelson, George Robert Mossman, Martha Smith, Thomas Thwaites, Thomas Bairstow Fox, Jonas Whitley, Robert Hill, Richard Pilkington, William Pilkington, and William Pilkington, junior.

Edmund Keighley Fox.

John Sugden.

John Sugden, Joseph Cliff, Sarah Ann Philips, John Baldwin,

John Sugden,

David Mortimer.

James Townend.

Sarah Ann Philips.

166

No. on Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners. Lessees. Occupiers.

104 House and Shop Abraham Bower John Baldwin.

105 Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. Abraham Bower . - - Sarah Ann Philips. John Baldwin.

106 House, Shop, Yard, Water-closet, Ashpit, and Passage. House and Shop Abraham Bower Jacob Edmondson Jacob Edmondson.

107 Abraham Bower . - Joseph Farrar.

108 Warehouse and Countinghouse. Abraham Bower Henry Slee and Henry Welborne Slee.

109 Warehouse and Countinghouse. Abraham Bower James Douglas and Samuel Mitchell. James Douglas and Samuel Mitchell.

110 Warehouse and Countinghouse. Abraham Bower Thomas Massey Pearce Thomas Massey Pearce.

111 Warehouse and Countinghouse. Yard, Privies, and Ashpits. Abraham Bower William Scliaub and Edward Schaub. William Schaub and Edward Schaub.

112 Abraham Bower William Schaub and Edward Schaub, Thomas Massey Pearce, James Douglas, and Samuel Mitchell. William Schaub and Edward Schaub, Thomas Massey Pearce, James Douglas, and Samuel Mitchell, Henry Slee, and Henry Welborne Slee.

In the Townships of Bradford and Horton.

113 Gateway

114 Warehouse

- Abraham Bower

- Abraham Bower

115

House and Shop

Abraham Bower

George Thomas Cheetham -Louis Reichenheim, Monty Reichenheim, Leaner Reichenheim, Ferdinand Reichenheim, Adolph Reichenheim, Julius Reichenheim, and Nicholas Hermann Heydemann. James Whaley

George Thomas Cheetham. Gustavus Louis and Levi Louis.

James Whaley.

In the Township of Horton.

116

117

1 IB

119

120

Countinghouse, Private Offices, Store Rooms, Warehouses, and Stable. Abraham Bower

Privy and Ashpit Abraham Bower *

Privies and Ashpit. Abraham Bower Louis Reichenheim, Mority Reichenheim, I^eanor Reichenheim, Ferdinand Reichenheim, Adolph Reichenheim, Julius Reichenheim, and Nicholas Hermann Heydemann.

Privy, Henhouse, Yard, and Ashpit. Abraham Bower James Whaley

Yard - Abraham Bower James Whaley, Louis Reichenheim, Moritjr Reichenheim, Leanor Reichenheim, Ferdinand Reichenheim, Adolph Reichenheim, Julius Reichenheim, and Nicholas Hermann Heydemann.

William Singleton, Charles William Singleton, and Richard Harrison Singleton, William Greenwood.

William Singleton, Charles William Singleton, and Richard Harrison Singleton, William Greenwood.

Gustavus Louis and Levi Louis.

James Whaley.

James Whaley, Gustavus Louis and Levi Louis, William Singleton, Charles William Singleton, and Richard Harrison Singleton, William Greenwood.

No. on Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners. Lessees. Occupiers.

In the Township of Bradford.

121

1221

123: hi

M

i!

124

125

f'>J

» f

126

127

.dri

: ri

- .:»?

.iffCl

, ri

. .ri^i

Iron Foundry, Offices, Count-inghouse, Yards and Buildings (Part of "Old Foimdry"). Foundry, Workshops, Stables, >:Yaid, Privy, and Ashpit <i (Part of " Old Foundry'*). Howe, Shop, Yard, Privy d and Ashpit,

12$

130

131 '

Whitesmith's shop

Workshop

-T.

Shop

Shop

<1

tlC*. U

.nOjf'inn: *

*l i > t): -; , ' '

Public ftouse, called " Pekin Music Hall," Dwellinghouse, Coalplace, Yard, Pnvies, Ashpit,

Warehouse, and

O '

r/oJ bfi

i Road and

pit .;

Joseph Cliff, James Mawson, Thomas Mawson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William j Fletcher Atkinson, and 1 Matthew William Thomp- j son, Trustees under the; Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Matthew William Thompson.

Joseph Cliff.

Joseph Cliff.

George Fearnley Atkinson.

Patrick William Byrne.

Charles Pearson.

Robert Law, Charles Pearson.

Robert Moorhouse, Robert Law.

Mary Hopper, Robert Law.

Frederick North.

Charles Wade Firth.

: (

Joseph Cliff, Charles Wade Firth, Septimus Gale, Mary *Hopper, Charles Perry, George William Jaques, Francis Allen, James Cook.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, !-. 32

No. on Plan.

132

133

H.-t.

m

* Ja

. i

1^5

I;

136

137

Laudato be taken.

Shop

Shop

House Shojp,

Yard," mke 'Room) Ware-honse^ Waster-closet. Privy, and Ashpit.

Ship5 -

Beerhouse and Dwellinghouse.

Shop

Owners.

Mary Atkinson, ' Wllliairi Fletcher _Atkinsgn, and Matthew Wflliant Thompson, TrusteeS under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, Wflliain Fletcher Atkinspn, and Matthew wQBatn Tliomp-son. Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinspn, and "Matthew William Thompson, Trustees tinder the Will of the Ikte Joseph f Milrier Atkinson.

Maty Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkins ^, and Hatthew William Thompson, Trustees under the

Eof the late Joseph & AtkfnSon.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinsop, and Matthew William Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

Mary Atkinson, William Fletcher Atkinson, and, Matthew William* Thompson, Trustees under the Will of the late Joseph Milner Atkinson.

* f; 'V>r

7' j \

Mary Hepper

Daniel Riddiough

George Hill -

Gocuptena.

Septimus Gale* c

'iy

Charles Per#* t

Mary Hepper.

George William Jaques. Francis Allan.

\ f f.M' .uV,

James Cook. VS r^Vi - K-

Third Part.

Comprising Lands required for the proposed New Street or Approach from Market Street to Old

Market. i

42

43

44

45

46

Shop and Offices

House, Shop, and Offices.

Shop

Shop

Warehouses

Shop

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary i Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson,

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

" I

i

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson, f Haigh Uqd Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commerced Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Thomas Taylor, William Roberts, Abraham Lay-

cock.

Sarah Ambler, Wdham Roberts.

Tattersall Wilkinson (late unoccupied).

John Goddard.

Joseph Robinson, Benjamin Greenwodd, John Goddard. I

Joseph Wood.

-- >:7

'; r-

48

58

Pieoe Room

Passage, vacant Ground, and Ashpit.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

The Bradford Exchange Company (Limited), Henry Hodgson Haigh and Thomas Crabtree (Trustees for the Commercial Banking Company).

Unoccupied.

Thomas Taylor, William Roberts, Abraham Lay-cock, Sarah Ambler, Tat-tersail Wilkinson, John Goddard, Joseph Robinson, Benjamin Greenwood, Joseph Wood, Joseph Holdsworth and Thomas Holdsworth, John Ward, James Taylor, John Hall, Thomas Sharp, Walker Holmes, John

Poppleston, ---- Jameson, John Fawcett, Rudolphus

Egan, Henry Varley, Mary Bentley, Edward Haley, William Atkinson, John Pearson and Benjamin Firth, Joseph Smith, John Harrison, John Foster Horsfall, John Foster, Samuel Firth, Samuel Baines, John Priestley, Jeremiah Ambler, Henry Christopher Poole, Samuel Wignall and John Wignall, Joshua Hains-worth, William Rhodes, William Shackleton, John Burgess, Noah Smith, James Mitchell.

Fourth Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Street called Old Market.

138 Shop - John Rawson and Thomas Buck.

139 Shop John Rawson and Thomas Buck. m m m m

140 Shop and Piece Room. John Rawson and Thomas Buck.

141 Shop and Piece Room. John Rawson and Thomas Buck.

142 Shop and Piece Room. John Rawson and Thomas Buck.

Joseph Hartley, John Lumsden, and Thomas Tindal.

Joseph Wright, John Lumsden, and Thomas Tindal.

William Cass, John Smith, Roger Tatham.

John Irwin, John Smith, Roger Tatham.

Thomas Holmes late Samuel Robert Lawson, Robert Pickles, Edward Holmes Pickles, and Joseph Pickles.

Fifth Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the proposed New Street from Market Street to Brook Street.

144

145

146

Shop, Warehouses, Paint

Shop, Fore-

court, and Privy.

Stable, Shea,

Yard, and Privy.

Private Road and Yard.

26 & 27 VICT.

Elizabeth Rawson and Maiy Rawson.

Sam Oddy

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson.

Sam Oddy -

Sam Oddy, John Ward, and William Ackroyd, James Wilson, Trustee for, and Henry Mason, Henry Brown, Alfred Illingworth, John Hollings, and Isaac Holden, Directors of the Bradford District Bank (Limited).

Y

Sam Oddy.

Joseph Blamires.

Sam Oddy, Joseph Blamires, Henry Mason, Henry Brown, Alfred Illingworth, John Hollings, and Isaac Holden.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

No. oi Plan. Lands to be taken. Owners. Lessees, Occupiers.

J47 House, Shop, Yard, Bakehouse, and Workshop. Mary Stanfield and Ann Stanfield. Martha Crowther Martha Crowther, Abraham Holmes.

148 Warehouse and Workshop. Mary Stanfield and Ann Stanfield, Martha Crowther Joseph Wilkinson, Abraham Holme*.

149 Part of Beck and Privy. Mary Stanfield and Ann Stanfield. Martha Crowther Martha Crowther, Abraham Holmes, Joseph Wilkinson.

150 Passage and Yard Mary Stanfield and Ann Stanfield, William Metcalfe. Martha Crowther Martha Crowther, Abraham Holmes, Joseph Wilkinson, George How-gill Blackburn, James 'Baylor, Henry Walker Pearson.

151 Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. William Metcalfe - m - m m George Howgill Black-bum, James Taylor, Henry Walker Pearson.

152 Workshop and Warehouse. William Metcalfe - m Henry Walker Pearson James Taylor.

153 Cooperage William Metcalfe m James Taylor.

154 House and Shop William Metcalfe - - George Howgill Blackburn.

155 Shop, W arehouse, Yard, and Privy. Mary Binns - George Neesom and James Neesom.

156 Warehouse and Piece Rooms. John Murgatroyd - William Greenwood - George Hartley late William Greenwood, Samuel Webster.

157 Blacksmith's Shop, Forgo* Stable, Passage, Yard, and 'Privy. Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Mary Willett - Samuel Parker.

158 Piece Room and Warehouse. Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Mary Willett - John Priestman, Edward Rhodes.

159 Counting-house and Piece Room. Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale. George Muller.

160 Office, Stable, and Warehouse. Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale.

161 Gateway and Passage. Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale George M idler.

162 Piece Room Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale. Hartley Mermlb

163 Piece Rooms - Elizabeth Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, end Richard Birley Baxendale. John George Taylor.

164 Piece Rooms - Elizabeth 'Rawson and Mary Rawson. Joseph Baxendale, Lloyd Baxendale, and Richard Birley Baxendale. James Walker, John Wilson, James Wilson, junior, and John Hall, junior., i i -

KINGSTON-

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

171

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL.

Provisional Order altering the King ston-upon-Hull Improvement Act, 1854, in force within the Borough of King ston-upon-Hull, incorporating in it Provisions of the Towns Improvements Clauses Act, 1847, respecting Streets, providing for the Recovery of Expenses incurred in the making good of Streets, and extending Provisions for preventing Fraudin the Sale and Delivery of Coed, — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in their capacity of Local Board of Health for the Borough (herein-after called the Local Board)) and acting in the execution of the Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement Act, 1854 (herein-after called the Improvement Act), have, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying to have conferred on them further powers with respect to the improvement of streets and the recovery of expenses incurred by them for the purpose; and for the alteration and extension of the provisions of the Improvement Act for preventing fraud in the sale and delivery of Coal, so as to comprise coal exported beyond the seas, as well as all other coal sold or delivered within or passing through a district comprising the Borough; and for the repeal and alteration of the Improvement Act so far as shall be necessary for those purposes.

And whereas in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, inquiry has been directed and held within the Borough in respect of the several matters specified in such Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to those matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now. therefore, in pursuance of the powers by the Local Government Act, 1858, vested in me, 1, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order the Improvement Act shall be amended as follows, and shall be read and have effect accordingly; (that is to say,)

1. The following provisions of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with the Improvement Act; (that is to say,)

With respect to paving and maintaining the streets, being sections 47 to 56, both inclusive;

With respect to laying out new streets, being sections 57 to 63, both inclusive.

2. For the purposes of these provisions the expenses incurred by the Local Board with respect to streets, and to be recoverable under section 53 of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, so incorporated with the Improvement Act, shall be deemed to be incurred when and so soon as the Local Board have entered into* any contract or given any order for the paving and flagging, or otherwise making good in accordance with that section, of any such street, and shall be recoverable by the Local Board accordingly.

3. Provided always, that if the amount of the expenses so incurred be not expressed in the contract or order, the amount thereof shall, for the purposes of the recovery thereof by the Local Board, be estimated by their surveyor for the time being, and the amount so estimated and certified by him in writing under his hand to the Local Board shall be so recoverable by them, but without prejudice to the recovery by them of any sum by which the amount of the expenses eventually incurred by them exceeds the amount so estimated.

r 4s Sections 96, 159, 160, 162, 163, 164, 174, 175, and 178 of the Improvement Act shall be repealed.

5 — The provisions of sections 151 to 158 (both inclusive), 161, 165 to 173 (both inclusive), 176 and 177 of the Improvement Act, for the purpose of punishing and preventing frauds and impositions with respect to coal, and all other provisions of that Act applicable in, th^9hld^luid this provision and the following provisions respectively, shall be in force

Y 2 in

178^1

all coal brought tb or teent from or passing through such district,

6. The provisions of sections 151 to 158 (both inclusive)* 161, 16# to 173 (bbth inclusive), 176?7 of the Improvement Act, and all other profvisionH of that Act applicable in that behklfr shall be soin farce for the purposes of the following provisions, and shall H extend and be read and have effect accordingly; that iato say,

Where in /these provision* the owner of any coal, 'or t&ke master of any vessel carrying! coab, jor , fihe, vendor iof, or dealer ip coal is imeutiox^ed, his respective agent shall be included; and the inspector , «F. inspectors of coals from time to time appointed under the Improvement f Act shall be the inspector or inspectors of all coals which shall be brought for sale to, or sent ?bab pa^s5thj; oogh such district of the Local Board, pr apy part thereof .; fj {

7V The[o>vuer/of qnfaCQvi brought within such di$triot» or if carried by water the master of tJm yp§»el eftixying it shall, before such coal or any part thereof is sold or delivered or otherwise) dealt 'with within the said district, deliver to the inspector or inspectors as aforesaid the original, pit pote deputing the quantity and quality thereof which was delivered fo such owner or master with the coal when it was obtained, and the inspector, or inspectors shall ^gister and file the same, and keep it in his or their office* and after the Local Board havp by advertisement; in the London Gazette, and once in .each of six successive weeks in , each of , |pqr London daily morning papers, and two newspapers published in the county ru of iTork, and by placards posted in conspicuous places within such district, and by hand-, bills ^is^iJ[)uted there, giving public notice of this provision, a duplicate of such original pit ppte; shall be sent to the said inspector or inspector^ by the clerk or agent of the colliery whepc^ the coal was obtained, by the post next after the delivery of the original pit note to tpe said owner or master as aforesaid, and the said inspector or inspectors shall thereupon register, file, and keep such duplicate in his or their office. If, however, the pit note do; not sufficiently specify the quantity or quality of the coal, or there be not any such pit notex delivered with the coal at the colliery or pit whence the coal was obtained, or if the, pit notp bp lost* or if the vessel carrying the coal shall have been originally loaded for apy other place and afterwards changed her destination without the proper pit note being accordingly delivered, or if the inspector or inspectors see other good and sufficient cause, then and in every such case the owner of the coal, or if carried by water the master of the vessel carrying it, shall deliver to the inspector or inspectors an account of the quality and quantity of the coal, setting forth when it was obtained, and at what place, and from what colliery, and shall verify the same by solemn statutory declaration in lieu of oath, and such inspector or inspectors shall receive, and register, file, and keep in his or their office, every declaration so made. {

8. owner of any coal brought within the said district, or if carried by wafor the

mas^r of the vessel carrying it, or the vendor Qf or dealer in the coal, shall, before he seHs, deliver ^, or deals with the coal, pay to the inspector or inspectors a tonnage rate at the rate of ope h^lfpenny for every ton of the coals .:

9. On payment to the inspector or inspectors of the tonnage rate for oo&l he or they shall

make | opt, and give: to tibe owner, master, er agent paying it, a certificate m writing, An such form us the Local Board may from time to time think proper and direct, and' to be signed by each inspector or inspectors, setting forth the quantity, quality, and date of' 1 arrival within the smd district of ^Uph coaL, (j -

10. If , the coal be carried by water the certificate of the inspector or inspectors shall fee ., it

affixed by the master of the vessel carrying it to the mast of the vessel, and be continued so1« affixed unti| the cargo be sold or delivered, or if the coal be delivered into uuy yapj or j place within the said district for sale, then the certificate shall be placed by the vendqr nf. to or dealer in the coal upon a board or pole in front of the heap of coal and he continued , j so placed until such heap be sojd or disposed of; and the certificate shall be so affixed or, placed'fitimediafely after the delivery thereof, or placed and continued in such other place and mtch manner as the inspector or inspectors from time to time shall direct;

11. No sack shall be made use of in the delivery of coal within the said district unless it be-first marked by the inspector1 or inspectors with such distinctive mark as the Local Board fftrtA thud ta may dii-ect, and no sack shall be marked which is not at the time

Of

2618c 27?fWItfffl©af.ffi,; 6.32.<

of t|$ roajfeingj thgiEftf capable of cop taming 140 lbs, weight of coal, and all sacks taken before the Mayor or other Justice within the said district, and found by him to be deficient in siTgjHt tfQfc(pr<rpqrl, y mafkedy shall under his carder be destroyed

12/ THe ticket of any porter or tamer of coals within the said district may, if and when the ILdeaL Board sa'order, bewor»and earried in duch conspicuous manner as they: may order instead of in front of his hat or cap.

13. Every owner of any cart employed for the carriage or delivery of coals within the said district shall paint on it on each side in plain figures of not less than three inches in height and proportionate width such distinctive number as shall be assigned to it by the inspector or inspectors.

14. Every porter or carrier of coal within the said district shall on being registered pay one shilling, and shall yearly thereafter while on the register on the first day of January pay one other shilling, and the owner of every cart employed in carrying coal within the said district shall on the cart being registered pay one shilling, and shall yearly thereafter while the cart is on the register on the 1st day of January pay one shilling, and those payments shall be made to the inspector or inspectors.

15. The Local Board whenever they see occasion may reduce or raise (but not above the specified sums) the sums to be from time to time paid under those provisions to the inspector or inspectors as the tonnage rate for coal, and by porters, carriers, and owners of carts.

16. The monies from time to time paid under these provisions to the inspector or inspectors as the tonnage rate for coal, and by porters, carriers, and owners of carts, shall be accounted for and paid over by such inspector or inspectors, in the month of January in every year, to the treasurer of the Local Board, to the credit of their General District Fund Account.

17. If any owner of coal, or the master of any vessel carrying coal, knowingly commit any of the following offences; that is to say,

First. — Do not within 24 hours after the arrival of the coal within such district, or within such earlier period than 24 hours if he shall earlier deal with any coal within the said district, deliver to the inspector or inspectors the requisite pit note, account, or declaration relating thereto;

Secondly. — Make or deliver a false, feigned, or forged pit note;

Thirdly. — Alter, deface, erase, or mutilate any pit note;

Fourthly. — Do not affix or place, or continue the certificate of the inspector or inspectors, as he or they direct;

Fifthly. — Make or affix or place or continue any false, feigned, or forged certificate;

Sixthly. — Alter, deface, erase, or mutilate any certificate of the inspector or inspectors.

Seventhly. — Make or deliver a false or inaccurate account of the quantity or quality of

0 the coal;

Eighthly. — Bring within the said district coal of one quality or sort for and as coal of H different quality ot BCrt; or

1 iNinthly/^Mabe or deliver a false declaration of any matter with respect to which he j<1 'is Hyi the Improvement; Act, or these provisions, required to make a declaration;

Eveigr pevbohfBO offending shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds.

18. If the owner of any cart carry therein within the said district any coal without having

the rdqttislte-fSgta^ thereon, every person so offending shall for every such offence

forfeit fcmyatilft Exceeding twenty shillings.

191 tf ah/ pertotx COthmlt any offence against any of the provisions with respect to coal of tie Ttliprrfvet^etit Act, or of these provisions, and for which no penalty is prescribed, he shalrfo^Mt) it shtn hot exceeding ten pounds.

20.' ^1T prosecutions and other proceedings under the Improvement Act, or these provisions] with respect to offences connected with coal, shall be instituted by the Local Board or their oncers.

2^] liocai ^Etoard jfrom time to time may direct any prosecution or pibher proceedings to befj jfcbr Jhe recovery of any, penalties under and for the pupfsbmenfc. of any persons

jrm ji LJ- - J offending

173" I

174

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

offending against any of these provisions, and may defray the expenses thereof as part of their general expenditure.

22. All penalties under the Improvement Act or these provisions shall be recoverable in accordance with the provisions of the Act of the Session of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter 43, with respect to the administration of justice.

Given under my hand this Third day of July 1862.

(Signed) G. Grey.

RYDE.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Ryde Commissioners acting as Local Board within the District of Ryde in the Isle of Wight — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the boundaries of the District of the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight by the Commissioners acting under the provisions of the Ryde Improvement Act, 1854.

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as the Local Board for the said District have duly borrowed, under the Provisions of the Ryde Improvement Act, 1854, and of the Ryde Water Act, 1861, sums, amounting in the whole to Forty-three thousand three hundred Pounds (43, 300/.), to defray the expense of Works for the Drainage of and Supply of Water to the said District, and other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts; and whereas a further sum of 3, 600/. will be required to carry out and complete the said works for the supply of Water to Ryde, but such further sum with the first herein* before mentioned sums will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts and the Local Government Act, 1858, within such district.

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as such Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for the purpose aforesaid, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Commissioners acting as such Local Board under the powers of the herein-before cited Acts, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole Three thousand six hundred Pounds (3, 600/.), which, with the amount already borrowed, will not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

I.-1 — The Ryde Improvement Commissioners acting as the Local Board for the District of Ryde in the Isle of Wight aforesaid shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a further sum or sums, such further sum or sums not to exceed altogether Three thousand six hundred Pounds (3, 600/.), which, together with the sums already borrowed by such Commissioners now acting as the Local Board aforesaid, will not exceed iti the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Twenty-sixth day of June 1862.

(Signed) G. Grey.

BEDFORD.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32. 175

BEDFORD.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Bedford Local Board. — Local Government Act9 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bedford in the County of Bedford, by the Council of the Borough of Bedford, acting as the Local Board in and for the said Borough, being the District within which portions of the Local Government Act, 1858, of the Public Health Act, 1848, and of the Local Government Act (1858)

Amendment Act (1861) have been adopted, have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said district having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 128.), intituled " An Act for the improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of " Bedford, and for rebuilding the bridge over the River Ouze in the said town " and

A certain other Act passed in the fiftieth year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 82.), intituled " An Act for amending and enlarging the powers of an Act of w His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for the improvement of the Town of u Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the bridge over the River Ouze in the said town/ "

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, — «-

1. - — The parts of the said herein-before recited Local Acts passed respectively in the forty-third and fiftieth years of the reign of King George the Third [43 Geo. 3.

(a 128.) and 50 Geo. 3. (c. 8?.)], specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be repealed.

2. ---All debts and liabilities under the said Local Acts shall be dealt with and may be

satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858 j and (anything in the said Local Government Act, 1858, notwithstanding,) it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities.

3. All expenses under the said Acts shall be borne by the rates leviable in tbp sfdd

District under the said Local^ Government Act.

4. — All halls, gaols, schools, alms- houses (except the alms-houses founded by Christie

Skinner, deceased, and except all houses which shall be built upon the site of and shall be used as the said alms-houses), and such other public buildings within the said Bcqrough as would not but for this Order be rateable to general district rates shall (notwithstanding anything in the Local Government Act, 1858,) be assessed to the general district rate to be levied under the provisions of the said Local Government Act at a rate not exceeding twopence for every square yard of the area of the said halls, gaols, schools, alms-houses, and other public buildings respectively; and the sums so assessed upon any public building used by or provided by the County of Bedford shall be paid by the treasurer of the said County for the time being; and the sums bo assessed upon any school, hospital, alms-houses, or other buildings belonging to the trustees of the Bedford Charity shall be paid by the elerk to the said trustees for the time being; and the sums so assessed upon any building used for the public purposes of the said Borough shall be paid - -t f r -j. ' c; by

176

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

by the treasurer of the Borough for the time being; and the sums so assessed upon any school, alms-house, or other public building, the payment of which last-mentioned sums is not herein-before provided for, shall be paid by the masters, trustees, or managers thereof respectively or by any occupier thereof respectively; and all sums assessed in pursuance hereof shall be recoverable from the persons by whom the same shall be payable as aforesaid, as if the said several sums were assessed on the same persons respectively: Provided always, that no assessment which shall be made by virtue of the powers herein-before contained shall exceed the amount at which such halls, gaols, schools, alms-houses, and other public buildings respectively were rated and assessed to the last rate or assessment made in pursuance of the said Local Acts, unless at the time when such halls, gaols, schools, alms-houses, and other public buildings respectively shall be rated and assessed by virtue of the powers herein contained the area thereof respectively shall be larger than the area thereof respectively at the time when the said last rate or assessment was made.

5. — The said Local Board may and they are hereby required to repair the bridge built over the River Ouze in pursuance of the Bedford Local Acts (43 Geo. 3, c. 128. and 50 Geo. 3. c. 82.), and the expense of such repairs shall be defrayed out of the said General District Rate, and in case any sudden or extraordinary damage shall happen to the said bridge, or the same shall become so much out of repair as to be impassable or in danger of becoming so, the said Local Board may and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to repair such damage; and in order to defray the expense of such repairs and all costs and charges incident thereto the said Local Board may and they are hereby empowered to erect a tollhouse and toll-gate, and to demand and receive such tolls as shall be fixed from time to time by the said Local Board with the sanction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, until the expenses of such repairs and all costs and charges incident thereto shall be paid and satisfied, and which said tolls shall be vested in the said Local Board for the purpose aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Third day of July 1862.

(Signed) G. Grey *

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The Parts of the Local Act 43 Geo. 3. c. 128. herein-before referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say,

All the sections of the said Local Act numbered 1 to 10, both inclusive. 15, 16, 17 (except so much of the last-mentioned section as provides that nothing contained in the said Act shall affect the right of the Corporation of Bedford, or of the Duke of Bedford, to rents or tolls of markets and fairs). 21 to 35, both inclusive (except so much of the last-mentioned section as gives the Commissioners named in the said Local Act certain power over a public drain called King's Ditch). 36 to 44, both inclusive. 46 to 66, both inclusive. 70. So much of section 84 as relates to a sum of 900£ therein mentioned. 85, and so much of section 86 as relates to borrowing on security of rates. 87 to 91, both inclusive. 110 to 119, both inclusive.

The parts of the second herein-before recited Local Act, that is to say, 50 Geo. 3. c. 82., to be repealed are the following: — Sections 1 to 7, both inclusive; and so much of section 13 as removes the liability of the Mayor, Bailifis, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the town and borough of Bedford to repair the present bridge, or any bridge to be hereafter erected and built instead thereof.

CROYDON.

Provisional Order for altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Croydon in the County of Surrey. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 14th day of July 1849, made under the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and confirmed

by

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

pp r^\TJT(Vr Vl'I _y O'vT by the Public Health Supplemental Xct-, 1849, (he said Filblic Health Act has been duly applied to the District of Croydon in the County of Surrey.

And whereas, by such Provisional Order as aforesaid, the number of members of the Local Board of Health to be elected under the aforesaid Public Health Act was fixed at twelve, the entire number to be elected for the whole of such District.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District of Croydon have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, (Seot, 77,) presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of the aforesaid Provisional Order in so far as such Order relates to the number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for such District.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for the District of

Croydon shall be fifteen, anything in the Croydon Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 14th day of July 1849, and so confirmed as aforesaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. — Of the said fifteen members, twelve be allotted to and be elected by the Croydon

ward of the aforesaid District, the boundaries of which said Croydon ward have jfi been duly fixed and determined and sanctioned by me under the provisions of the

24th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858; and that three of the said fifteen members be allotted to and elected by the Norwood ward of the aforesaid District, the boundaries of which said Norwood ward have been duly fixed and determined and sanctioned by me under the provisions of the 24th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, aforesaid, and that the first election for the Norwood ward do take place within one month from the date of the passing of the Act confirming this Order.

3. — One-third in number of the twelve members to be so elected for the Croydon ward,

and one-third in number of the three members to be so elected for the Norwood ward, shall annually go out of office on the day fixed by the aforesaid Provisional Order, bearing date the 14th day of July 1849.

4. — The one-third to retire for and in respect of the Croydon ward shall be as at present

arranged by the Local Board of Health aforesaid, and at the usual time the member annually to retire for and in respect of the Norwood ward at Easter 1863 and at Easter 1864 shall be such member among the three elected to ropresent the Norwood ward as shall have attended the least number of times during the year preceding such retirement; and during subsequent years the third of such members for the I on said Norwood ward to retire shall go out by rotation.

. 1H ot 7 8 'OlGiven under my hand this Second day of July J8C2.

(Signed) G. Grey.

c. 28 .0 .OCm) On, noitoo* to u 'I- r>:ir ItV/OT »jrft to V

Ifolotfio iDJhijiOif xt of: *

BATLBT.

- (1 Provisional Order for altering the Order in Council applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Batley in the county of -York. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas by an Order of Her meat Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the 21st .8481 fayofcdfehruftry X853, made under, the Provisions of the Public He^Jth Act, 1848, the

Pnbho, Health Act, has, been duly applied ty the Histrict o^ Hatley i^ th^y Wesi Hiding

yd

/ ..... 'Z' '< . I V tif // Ami

i-.'li vH'i:/! .'ii; lo :; .i. 'ii] vdt '.(* >'-ij; j oi'.' ai I y ljfl, to vjd '

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

And whereas by such Order as aforesaid the number of members of the Local Board of Health to be elected under the aforesaid Public Health Act was fixed at nine, the entire number to be elected for the whole of such District.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, (Sect. 77,) presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of the aforesaid Order in so far as such Order relates to the number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for such District

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for the District

of Batley shall be fifteen, anything in the Batley Order in Council herein-before recited, and bearing date the 21st day of February 1858, to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. — Of the said fifteen members six be allotted to the East ward of the aforesaid District

of Batley, the boundaries of which said East ward have been duly fixed and determined and sanctioned by me under the provisions of the 24th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858; and that three of the said fifteen members be allotted to and elected by each of the other three wards so fixed and determined and sanctioned by me as aforesaid, viz., the South-east ward, the South-west ward, and the North ward respectively, and that the first election for the aforesaid wards do take place within one month from the date of the passing of the Act confirming this Order.

3. — One-third in number of the six members to be so elected for the East ward, and

one-third in number of the three members to be so elected for each of the other three wards of the said District of Batley, shall annually go out of office on the day fixed by the aforesaid Order in Council bearing date the 21st day of February 1853.

Given under my hand this 21st day of March 1863,

(Signed) G. Grey.

BERWICK-UPON-TWEED.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Berwick-upon-Tweed Local Board of Health — Local Government Act, 1868.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the District of the Corporate Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

And whereas the LoGal Board of Health for the said District have duly borrowed, under the Provisions of that Act and of the Local Government Act, 1858, sums, amounting in the whole to Fourteen thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the expense of works for the Drainage of and Supply of Water to the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts: And whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works, and to carry out other works of a permanent nature, but such further sum, with that herein-before mentioned, will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the aforesaid Acts, a sum or sums which, with the amount already borrowed, shall not exceed in the whole two years '

assessable

179

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 32.

assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows:—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Berwick-upon-Tweed shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a sum or sums which, together with the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by the Local Board aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole the sum of Twenty-two thousand five hundred Pounds, the said last-mentioned sum not exceeding two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the aforesaid sum or sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this 21st day of March 1863.

(Signed) G, Gbey.

SHEERNESS.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Sheemsss Local Board of

Health, — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Sheerness in the county of Kent, as constituted under the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860 (No. 2), have duly borrowed, under the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and of the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to defray the expense of works for the Sewerage of and Supply of Water to the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts; and whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works, but such further sum, with the herein-before mentioned 20,0007., will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District of Sheerness, constituted as aforesaid.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the aforesaid Acts, a sum or sums which, with the amount already borrowed, shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Sheerness in the county of Kent shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature within such District, and on

Z 2 mortgage

180

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Act6, a further sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, which, together with the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by the Local Board aforesaid, will not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums already borrowed and to be further borrowed under the authority of this present Order, and of the Act confirming the same, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this 20th day of October 1862.

(Signed) G. Grey.

BROMSGROVE.

Provisional Order altering parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Bromsgrove Local Board. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, was on the Fourteenth day of October 1859 duly adopted within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the county of Worcester by the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the Bromsgrove Improvement and Small Tenement Act, 1846: And whereas by a Provisional Order bearing date the Twenty-fourth day of April 1861, confirmed by the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1861, all that portion of the said district of the rarish of Bromsgrove not comprised within the limits of the Town of Bromsgrove, as such limits are defined in the 64th section of the herein-before recited Bromsgrove Improvement and Small Tenement Act, 1846, (9 & 10 Vict. cap. 124.,) was separated from the said District, and the District of Bromsgrove, under the Local Government Act, 1858, was by the herein-before recited Local Government Supplemental Act, 1861, confined within the limits of the Town of Bromsgrove, as the same are defined by the said 64th section of the herein-before recited Bromsgrove Improvement and Small Tenement Act, 1846.

And whereas the said Commissioners, as Local Board for such District, altered as aforesaid, have in pursuance of the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for alteration of the second and one hundred and seventh sections of the Bromsgrove Improvement and Small Tenement Act, 1846, in relation to the election of such Commissioners and the area of rating for the purposes of " An Occupiers' Rate99 under the last hereinbefore recited Act.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The following parts of the said herein-before recited Bromsgrove Local Act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Her present Majesty (9 & 10 Vict.

, j <(jap. }$4.), .vizu, sections two and one hundred and seven, be altered by omitting the word "Parish" from such sections and substituting the word " Town u in place thereof; the limits of the said town being those defined in the sixty-fourth section of the Bromsgrove Improvement and Small Tenement Act, 1846: Provided always, that nothing in this Order contained shall in any manner lessen or affect the liability of any ratepayer to pay any rate, signed and allowed before the day of the date of this Order, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Given under my hand this 21st day of M^rch 1863.

(Signed) G. Grey.

* I

181

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Inland Revenue, and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue, [29th June 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expenses, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act any Person who, in England or Ireland, shall have taken out an Excise Licence to sell strong Beer in Casks containing not less than Four and a Half Gallons or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on his Premises, may take out an additional Licence on Payment of the Excise Duty of One Pound One Shilling, and Five per Cent thereon; and the same shall authorize such Person to sell Beer in any less Quantity and in any other Manner than as aforesaid, but not to be drunk or consumed on the Premises where sold; and such additional Licence shall be granted without the Production of any Certificate or the Possession of any other Qualification than the Licence herein first mentioned.

2. From and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three there shall be charged and paid for and upon every Excise Licence to be taken out by any Person who in England or Ireland shall be duly authorized by Justices of the Peace to keep a Common Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, and who shall sell Beer, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be drunk or consumed in his, her, or their House or Premises, and who shall not take out a Licence to retail Spirits, the Excise Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings, and Five per Cent thereon, in lieu of the Duty now payable on such Licence to retail Beer.

3. Every Person who shall in Ireland sell Beer, Cider, or Perry by Retail, that is to say, in any Quantity less than Four and a Half Gallons or in less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, without having an Excise Retail Licence in force authorizing him so to do, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which said Penalty may be sued for and recovered under the Laws of Excise, by and in the Name of any Superintendent or Inspector of Police within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or by any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, in any other Part of Ireland, without any Order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for that Purpose, as well as by and in, the Name of an Officer of Excise, under the Order of the said Commissioners.

4. The Duties of Excise on Sugar made in the United Kingdom, specified in Schedule (B.) of the Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Sixty-one, shall be continued, and be levied and charged until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

5. And whereas by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, a Duty of Excise was imposed on Sugar used in the brewing or making of Beer, and by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth

Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two, the charging of the said Duty was ' deferred until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and it

is expedient to further defer the same:' Be it enacted, That the charging of the said Duty of Excise on Sugar used as aforesaid shall be further deferred until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

6. From

Licensed Beer Dealers may take out additional Licence to sell Beer by Retail not to be consumed on the Premises.

Duty on Retail Beer Licences taken ont by Licensed Victuallers who do not sell -Spirits.

Penalty on Persons selling Beer by Retail in Ireland without Licence.

Excise Duty on Sugar made in United Kingdom continued to 1st August 1864.

Charging of Excise Duty on Sugar used in brewing deferred until 1st August 1864.

Duty on Stage Carriages licensed to carry not more than Eight Persons reduced.

Penalty on Persons keeping a Stage Carriage carrying a greater Number of Passengers than allowed by Licence. Occasional Licences may be granted for Carriages conveying Passengers at separate Fares.

Such occasional Licences to be granted, and the Carriages used under such Regulations as the Commissioners may prescribe.

Stage Carriage Licences to expire on the First Sunday in November in each Year.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

6. From and after the passing of this Act the Duties now payable by Law for and in respect of the Licences and Stage Carriages herein-after in this Clause described shall be reduced; and in lieu of the said Duties now payable as aforesaid there shall be charged and paid in Great Britain for and in respect of every original Licence, to be taken out yearly, to keep, use, or employ a Stage Carriage which shall be licensed to carry not more than Eight Passengers at One Time, the Duty of Ten Shillings; and for and in respect of every Supplementary Licence for the same Carriage which shall be taken out in any Case allowed by Law during the Period for which such original Licence was granted, the Duty of Sixpence;

And for and in respect of every Mile which any such Stage Carriage as aforesaid shall be licensed to travel, the Duty of One Halfpenny.

7. If any Person who shall have obtained a Licence under this Act to keep, use, and employ a Stage Carriage to carry not more than Eight Passengers at One Time shall carry or convey in or upon such Carriage more than Eight Passengers at One Time, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Person who shall be carried or conveyed in or upon any such Carriage (except the Driver thereof) shall be deemed to be a Passenger conveyed for Hire at a separate Fare.

8. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, whenever they shall deem it to be necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, to grant to any Person an occasional Licence to use a Carriage for the Conveyance of Passengers at separate Fares for One Day, or for any longer Period not exceeding Six Days in the whole, on Payment of the following Duties for and in respect of such Licence; (that is to say,)

For a Licence for One Day only: £ s. d.

For a Carriage drawn by One Horse only - - 0 3 0

For a Carriage drawn by Two Horses and no more - 0 5 0

For a Carriage drawn by more than Two Horses - 0 10 0

And where any such Licence shall be granted for a longer Period than One Day there shall be charged and paid for the same the further Duty of One Half of the before-mentioned Rates respectively for every Day after the first, in addition to the Rate payable for One Day.

9. Every such occasional Licence to use a Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid shall be granted under and subject to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall prescribe in that Behalf, and the Carriage for which such Licence shall be granted shall be designated in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall require or direct; and in default of complying with any such Rule, Regulation, or Direction the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

10. ' Whereas by the Law in force Licences to keep, use, and employ Stage Carriages ' expire on the First Sunday in the Month of October in each Year, and it is expedient ' to alter the Time of the Expiration thereof:' Be it enacted, That all such Licences taken out after the passing of this Act shall (except in the Cases herein-after provided for) expire on the First Sunday in the Month of November in each Year; and every Licence which shall be taken out after the First Sunday in the Month of November in any Year, and before the First Day of December in the same Year, shall be dated on the First Monday in November in the Year in which the same shall be granted; and if taken out on or at any Time after the First Day of December in any Year, shall be dated on the Day when the same shall be granted; and every Licence to use a Stage Carriage in force at the Time of the passing of this Act shall continue in force until the First Suiiday in the Month of November next after the passing hereof, and the Holder of such Licence shall be liable to and chargeable with the Payment of the same Rate and Amount of Duties as arc chargeable upon him according to the Terms of such Licence until the said First Sunday in the last-mentioned Month of November, unless such Licence shall be sooner discontinued.

11. Provided

183

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

11. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Person to take out a Licence to keep, use, and employ a Stage Carriage for the Conveyance of Passengers at separate Fares for the Period of Three Months only, commencing on any of the several Quarter Days following,

(that is to say,) the First Day of April, the First Day of July, the First Day of October, and the First Day of January in any Year, paying for such Licence One Fourth Part of the Duty which would be payable for the granting of such Licence for One whole Year; provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to repeal or supersede the Provisions of the Seventeenth Section of the Act passed in the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-one, authorizing the granting of Excise Licences for the Remainder of a current Year, but that such Provisions shall be deemed to apply and shall be observed with regard to Stage Carriage Licences for the Remainder of any Year ending on the First Sunday in November; and the several Quarters corresponding with the Termination of such Year shall be deemed to consist of Ninety-one Days.

12. When any Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted for or in respect of any Stage Carriage shall discontinue the Business in relation to such Stage Carriage, it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, upon Payment of all Duty in arrear due from the Person to whom the Licence was granted, to transfer such Licence to any other Person to whom the original Holder thereof shall assign his Interest therein; and the Person to whom such Licence shall be so transferred shall thereupon be liable to and chargeable with the Payment of the Duty which shall accrue or become payable under such Licence, or in respect of the Stage Carriage to which the same shall relate, and shall also be liable to all other the Provisions and Regulations contained in any Act relating to Stage Carriages in the same Manner as if such last-mentioned Person had duly obtained a Licence in his own Name for the keeping, using, and employing of such Stage Carriage 2 Provided always, that the original Holder of such Licence shall indorse in Writing upon the Back thereof the Name of the Person to whom he assigns his Interest therein, and shall sign his own Name to such Indorsement.

13. f Whereas by the Fourth Section of the Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Accounts of

e Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-nine, the Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of Coi

every Railway in Great Britain, and other Persons therein named, are required to keep and veyance of

render certain Accounts as therein mentioned, and it is expedient to alter the Period for Passengers

which such Accounts are directed to be made up, and the Time of delivering the same

Be it enacted, That the Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of every Railway in Great at the Close of

Britain, and the Persons required by Law to keep such Accounts as aforesaid, snail deliver each Calendar

to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or to the proper Officer appointed for receiving the Month *

same, within Twenty Days after the Termination of every Calendar Month, a true Copy or

true Copies of the Accounts of all Sums of Money received or charged and paid or accounted

for, as in the said Act is mentioned, during the whole of the Calendar Month last preceding;

and all the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act with regard to the Accounts

therein directed to be rendered, and all Bonds and Securities entered into or given or to be

entered into or given with relation thereto, shall apply, continue, and be in force as well

with respect to any Surety as to the Principal in any such Bond, and to the Accounts

to be kept and rendered at the Time and in the Manner by this Act directed, and the Duties payable in respect thereof.

14. The Exemption from Duty granted by the Ninth Section of the Act passed in the Restriction on Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-five, in respect of ftoTrtaty on the Conveyance of Passengers bjr Cheap Trains shall not extend to any Railway Train Railway which shall not be a Train running on at least Six Days of the Week, or else a Train Passengers running to or from a Market Town on a Market Day, and approved of by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations as a Cheap Train for the 7 & 8 Vict. Conveyance of Passengers to or from Market, or a Train approved by the said Lords of c- 85-the Committee of Privy Council as an Ordinary Train of the Railway travelling on Sunday and conveying Third-class Passengers at Fares not exceeding One Penny per Mile.

Stage Carriage Licences may be taken out for One Quarter of a Year.

Not to supersede Sect 17 of 6G. 4. c. 81. as to granting Licences for the Remainder of a current Year.

Stage Carriage Licences may be transferred when the original Holder discontinues Business during the Currency of the Licence.

16.

Whereas under the Laws of Excise now in force separate and distinct Licences are Authority to

— ... — — - exercise several

granted to the same Person to exercise several Trades in the same House and Premises, and

184 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

it is expedient that the Authority to exercise Two or more of such Trades should be combined in One Licence Be it enacted, That whenever any Person shall intend to carry on Two or more Trades under the Excise Laws in the same House or Premises the Licences for which several Trades would expire by Law at the same Time, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, in such Cases as they shall think fit, to authorize the exercising of the said several Trades by One Licence for that Purpose pn Payment of the Amount of the several Duties chargeable for several Licences to exercise the eame Trades respectively.

16. If any Person who shall have given Notice of his Intention to ship any Goods or uiuu uue o Commodities for Exportation on Drawback shall give another such Notice in respect of the ping Noticed same Goods or Commodities, or shall claim the Drawback upon the same Goods and the same Goods Commodities more than once, or shall pass any Account or do any Act for the Purpose °kbdning any further or greater Amount of Drawback upon any such Goods or Com-Draw^k g modities than the Drawback payable by Law thereon, or whereby or by means or colour more than once, whereof any such further or greater Amount of Drawback than as aforesaid may be obtained or claimed, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and treble the Amount of the Drawback unlawfully obtained or claimed, or which might be obtained or claimed by means or under colour of any such unlawful Act as aforesaid.

be contained in One Excise Licence.

Penalty for giving more

nnn I inn v nin_

Goods shipped for Exportation on Drawback not to be brought on shore, or the Packages opened or Marks thereon altered.

17. If any Goods or Commodities upon the Exportation of which a Drawback of Excise is payable shall after the same shall have been shipped on board any Vessel for Exportation be brought on shore, or if the Package or Packages in which any such Goods or Commodities shall be contained shall, after Shipment thereof as aforesaid, be opened. Or the Marks, Letters, or Devices thereon be cancelled, obliterated, or altered without the Sanction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue first had and obtained, all such Goods and Commodities and the Packages containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise, and the Person or Persons who shall bring on shore such Goods or Commodities, or who shall open such Packages, or cancel, obliterate, or alter the Marks, Letters, or Devices thereon, or who shall be concerned in doing any of the said Acts, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Licences granted to Re* freshrnent House Keepers to retail Foreign Wine to include the Sale of Sweets and Made ' Wines.

Alteration of Duty on a Victualler's occasional Licence.

Alteration of the Law

18. Every Licence taken out under the Provisions contained in the Two several Acts

Massed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter 'wenty-seven and Chapter One hundred and seven respectively, by a licensed Keeper of a Refreshment House, to sell therein by Retail Foreign Wine, to be consumed in suqh House or on the Premises belonging thereto, shall authorize and include the Sale of Sweets and Made Wines, Mead, and Metheglin, by Retail, to be consumed in the said House or on the said Premises.

19. In lieu of the Duty now chargeable on a Victualler's occasional Licence, specified in Schedule (B.) of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two, there shall be charged and paid the following Duty; (that is to say,)

For and upon every occasional Licence to be granted to any Person who shall be duly authorized to keep a common Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, and licensed to sell therein Beer, Spirits, Wine, or Tobacco, to sell the like Articles for which he shall be so licensed at any such other Place, and for and during such Space or Period of Time not exceeding Six Days as shall be specified in such occasional Licence, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Day so specified as aforesaid for which the same shall be granted:

Provided always, that when any Person shall have taken out such an occasional Licence for Six successive Days, and shall desire to take out another occasional Licence for a Time in immediate Succession, or only separated by the Intervention of Sundays and Holidays, then the Duty chargeable for every Licence after the First, and for any Number of Days not exceeding Six, shall not exceed Ten Shillings.

20. Whereas it is expedient to alter and amend the Conditions and Restrictions upon f and under which occasional Licences to sell Beer, Spirits, or Wine may be granted and

used.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 33. 185

used, as provided by the Thirteenth Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth and relating to ' Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two Be it enacted as follows:

1. That the Consent of One Justice of the Peace, as in the said Section mentioned* only,

shall be necessary:

2. That the Hours during which such occasional Licence shall authorize the Sale of any Beer, Spirits, or Wine shall extend from Sunrise to One Hour after Sunset:

3. That upon the Occasion of any public Dinner or Ball it shall be lawful for the Person who shall have obtained an occasional Licence under the Provisions of the said Act to sell the said Liquors during such Hours before or after Sunrise or Sunset as shall be allowed and specified in that Behalf in the Consent to be given by the Justice of the Peace for the granting of such occasional Licence.

21. c Whereas by the Twelfth Section of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Section 12 of

Chapter Twenty-two, so much of any Act as permits the Sale of Beer, Spirits, or Wine n6ot^ct ' at Fairs or Races without an Excise Licence was repealed Be it enacted, That from and prohibit Pcr-after the passing of this Act nothing in the last-recited Enactment contained shall extend sons licensed to prohibit any Person duly licensed by the Excise to retail Beer, Spirits, or Wine, as in LuinT6 the Eleventh Section of the Act passed in the Sixth Year of King the Fourth, Beer, Spirite,

Chapter Eighty-one, is mentioned, from carrying on his Trade or Business for which he or Wine at shall be so licensed in Booths, Tents, or other Places at the Time and Place and within the Fairs or Ilaces* Limits of holding any lawful and accustomed Fair by virtue of any Law or Statute in that

Behalf, or any public Races, in like Manner as such Person might lawfully have done under the said last-mentioned Act if the said Act of the last Session of Parliament had not been passed.

22. ' Whereas the Assessment Committee provided for by " The County Rates Assess- Union Asscbs- ment Act," Section Fifty-two, and by " The Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, "

respectively, are thereby empowered to require Assessors, Collectors, and other Persons require^he °

therein mentioned to make and transmit Copies of or Extracts from the Books of Assess- Production of ' ment of any Taxes or Rates in their Custody, and to produce such Books as therein 'mentioned:' Be it enacted^ That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to Assessment of authorize or empower the said Committee to require any Assessor, Collector, 'or other the Income Person employed in the Assessment or Collection of the Income Tax to make or transmit or to permit any other Person to make Copies of or Extracts from any Assessment, Rate, Nature of or Rate Book, or any Document relating to the Assessment or Collection of the Income Trade,

Tax upon Profits of Trade for or in respect of any Quarries, Mines, Ironworks, Gasworks, or other Concerns in the Nature of Trade or Manufacture chargeable under Schedule (A.) of the Income Tax Acts, or to attend before the said Committee to produce any such Assessment, Rate, or Rate Book, or other such Document as aforesaid, or to be examined by or before such Committee touching or concerning the same.

23. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the Acts relating to Commissioners the Land Tax, the Assessed Taxes, and the Income Tax respectively, for any District or nnJihvLfon of Division of a County, to sit and hold their Meetings, and do any Act in execution of the a County may said Acts respectively as such Commissioners as aforesaid, at any Place within any City, hold their Meet-Town, or other Precinct, being a County of itself, or otherwise having exclusive Juris- adjoining City diction, and situated within, surrounded by, or adjoining to their respective Districts or or other Place Divisions; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things to be so done by such Commissioners, of exclusive within such City, Town, or Precinct, as Commissioners acting for such District or Division, Jurisdiction* shall be as valid and effectual in Law, as if the same had been done within such District or Division.

24. And whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Income Tax to ' Act to give further Facilities to the Holders of the Public Stocks, Certificates of Title to ^Cou^ns

Shares in the Public Stocks are authorized to be issued having annexed Coupons entitling 0n Stock Cer- the Bearer to the Dividends payable in respect thereof, and by Section Eleven of the tificates,

same Act it is enacted that the Income Tax shall be deducted from any Coupons payable ' under the said Act in like Manner as it may be deducted from the Dividends payable at Payment 13 26 & 27 Vict. A a 'the

L86

under Fifty Shillings.

Innkeeper's Tobacco Licences to expire on the 10th of October.

Provisions of former Acts to apply to this Act

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 33, 34.

the Bank in respect of the Stock of Proprietors inscribed in the Books of the Bank Be it enacted, That the Income Tax shall be deducted from any such Coupons as aforesaid, although the half-yearly Payment thereon shall not amount to Fifty Shillings, anything in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

25. Whereas by the Law in force Licences to deal in or sell Tobacco or Snuff expire on the Fifth Day of July in each Year, and it is expedient to alter the Time of the Expiration of such Licences taken out for the Sale of Tobacco or Snuff in Inns or Houses licensed for the Sale of Beer by Retail to be consumed upon the Premises Be it enacted, That all such Licences aforesaid taken out by Innkeepers or Persons licensed to sell Beer to be consumed upon the Premises after the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, and before the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, shall be and continue in force until the said last-mentioned Day; and all such Licences which shall be taken out on or after the said last-mentioned Day shall expire on the Tenth Day of October next after the granting thereof; and every such Licence as aforesaid which shall be in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, or which shall be taken out on or before the said Fifth Day of July, shall continue in force until the Eleventh Day of October next after the passing hereof; and in respect of every such Licence as aforesaid which shall be in force between the Fifth Day of July and the Eleventh Day of October next after the passing of this Act there shall be charged and paid in respect of the said last-mentioned Period, and in addition to the Duty paid or payable thereon, the Duty for One Quarter of a Year, and such additional Duty shall be recoverable in like Manner as any other Duty of Excise.

26. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties granted by this Act respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, shall respectively be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said last-mentioned Rates and Duties, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to carry into effect an additional Article to the Treaty of the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, between Her Majesty and the United States of America, for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade.

[29th June 1863.]

WHEREAS on the Seventh Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two a Treaty was concluded and signed at Washington, between Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the United States of America, for the Suppression of the African Slave Trade: And whereas by the First Article of such Treaty it was stipulated and agreed that those Ships of the respective Navies of the Two High Contracting Parties which shall be provided with special Instructions for that Purpose as therein-after mentioned may visit such Merchant Vessels of the Two Nations as may upon reasonable Grounds be suspected of being engaged in the African Slave Trade, or of having been fitted out for that Purpose, or of having, during the Voyage on which they are met by the said Cruizers, been

187

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 34, 35.

engaged in the African Slave Trade, contrary to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and that such Cruizers may detain and send or carry away such Vessels in order that they may be brought to Trial in the Manner therein-after agreed upon: And whereas it was by the said Article further stipulated and agreed that the reciprocal Right of Search and Detention should be exercised only within the Distance of Two hundred Miles from the Coast of Africa, and to the Southward of the Thirty-second Parallel of North Latitude, and within Thirty Leagues from the Coast of the Island of Cuba: And whereas the Two High Contracting Parties have agreed that the reciprocal Right of Visit and Detention as defined in the Article aforesaid may be exercised also within Thirty Leagues of the Island of Madagascar, within Thirty Leagues of the Island of Puerto Rico, and within Thirty Leagues of the Island of San Domingo: And whereas the High Contracting Parties have further agreed that the present additional Article shall have the same Force and Validity as if it had been inserted Word for Word in the Treaty concluded between the Two High Contracting Parties of the Seventh of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and shall have the same Duration as that Treaty, and that it shall be ratified, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at London in Six Months from this Date, or sooner if possible. In witness whereof the respective Plenipotentiaries have signed the same, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of their Arms. Done at Washington, the Seventeenth Day of February in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

(l.s.) Lyons.

(l.s.) William H. Seward.

s And whereas Ratifications were exchanged at London on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for riving Effect to the present additional Article:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[

1. The reciprocal Right of Search and Detention as defined in the First Article of the Where Right said Treaty may be exercised also within Thirty Leagues of the Island of Madagascar, within Thirty Leagues of the Island of Puerto Rico, and within Thirty Leagues of the Island of San Domingo.

---

[Additional Article to have the same Force, &c. as the Treaty.]

2. The present additional Article shall have the same Force and Validity as if it had been inserted in the Treaty concluded between the Two High Contracting Parties on the Seventh of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and shall have the same Duration as that Treaty.

[This and Acts of 1862 to be read as One.]

3. This Act and the African Slave Trade Treaty Acts, Nos. 1 and 2, 1862, shall be read and construed as One Act.

[Short Title.]

4. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as the "African Slave Trade Treaty Act, 1863."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects in South Africa.

[29th June 1863.]

---

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of certain Territories in South Africa to the Southward of the Twenty-fifth Degree of South Latitude not being within the Jurisdiction of any civilized Government, and Crimes and Outrages being likely (unless prevented) to be committed within such Territories by Subjects of Her Majesty being therein, it is requisite to provide for the Punishment of Offences committed by Her Majesty's Subjects (within such Territories:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

Laws in force at the Cape of Good Hope for Punishment of Crimes extended to British Subjects in Parts of South Africa not being within Jurisdiction of any civilized Government.

Power to Governor of the Cape of Good Hope to address Commissions to Persons to act as Magistrates in such Territory.

Powers of such Magistrates.

Commissions to be in force only during the Queen's Pleasure.

Act not to invest Her Majesty with any Title to Sovereignty over such Territory.

Who deemed Governor.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. 57.

except as to AeU performed under id v '

jh-.\; . .'I

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, o. 35.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ' in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The LnKvs which are now or which shall hereafter be in force in the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope for the Punishment of Crimes therein committed shall be and the same are hereby extended and declared applicable to all Her Majesty^ Subjects within any Territory in Africa being to the Southward of the Twenty-fifth Degree of South Latitude, and not being within the Jurisdiction of any civilized Government, and every Crime or Offence committed by any of Her Majesty's Subjects within any such Territory shall be cognizable in the Courts of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope or of the Colony of Natal, or of any of Her Majesty's Possessions in Africa to the Southward of the said Twenty-fifth Degree of South Latitude, and shall be inquired of, tried, and prosecuted, and on Conviction punished, in such and the same Manner as if the said Crime or Offence had been committed, and as if the Law rendering the same punishable had been in force, within such Colony or Possession.

2. It shall be lawful for the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope9 with the Advice, of his Executive Council, to address to any One or more of Her Majesty's Subjects, being within or about to resort to any such Territory as aforesaid. One or more Commission or Commissions, authorizing him or them to exercise within such Territory the Office of a Magistrate for the Purpose of preventing the Perpetration therein by any of Her Majesty's Subjects of any Crimes or Offences, and for the Purpose of arresting, committing to Custody, and bringing to Trial before any such Courts as aforesaid any of Her Majesty's Subjects charged on sufficient Evidence before him or them with the Commission of any Crime or Offence within any such Territory; and it shall also be lawful to the Governor of the said Colony, with the like Advice, and by any Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, to define with all practicable and convenient Precision the local Limits within which the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates shall be so exercised, and to which it shall so, extend; and within the Limits so to be defined as aforesaid, every such Magistrate shaft have, exercise, and enjoy all such Powers and Authorities over and in reference to Her Majesty's Subjects inhabiting or being within the same as shall by any such Commission jor Commissions be specially granted: Provided always, that no such Powers or Authorities shall be so granted by any such Commission or Commissions, save only Such as shall be necessary for accomplishing the Purposes aforesaid with Promptitude and Effect.

3. All Such Commissions as aforesaid shall be made to continue in force only during Her MajestyV Pleasure; and the Governor for the Time being of the Cape of Good Hope shall be and he^s hereby bound and required to transmit a Copy of every such Commission by the earliest Opportunity to Her Majesty, through One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for Her Approbation or Disallowance.,

4. Nothing herein or in any such Commission or Commissions contained shall extend or bo construed to extend to invest Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, with any Claim or Title whatsoever to Dominion or Sovereignty over any such Territory as aforesaid, or to derogate from the Rights of the Tribes or People inhabiting such Territory, or of Chiefs or Rulers^ to.any such Sovereignty or Dominion.

5. For the Purposes of this Act, any Person lawfully administering the Government of the Cape of Good Hope shall be deemed and taken to be the Governor thereof.

6. An Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His Majesty William the Fourth, intituled An Aetf&r the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by His Majesty's Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, is hereby repealed: Provided always that all Commissions issued by the Governor ox the Cape of Good Hope, under Authority of the said Act of Parliament, and all Acts performed under Authority or in pursuance of such Commissions, at any Time before this Act shall be proclaimed ipi the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, shall be of the same Force and Effjbct q? if tb^ Act had not passed.

26° & 27° VWTQW%

189

CAP. xxxvi.

An Act for carrying into effect the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the State of the Dioceses of Canterbury, London, Wimhester, and Rochester; and for other Purposes* [29th June 1863.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign 6 & 7 WV4.

of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Sevepty-seven, and by a 77,

(certain Order in Council issued under the Authority of that Act, the Limits of the Sees

of Canterbury, London^ Winchester, and Rochester were newly arranged, and by such

Arrangement it was amongst other things provided —

Firstly, That the Borough of Southwark, and the Parishes of Battersea, Bermondsey, Camberwell, Christchurch, Clapham, Lambeth, Rotherhithe, Streatham, Tooting Graveney, Wandsworth, Merton, Kew, and Richmond, in the County of Surrey, all then in the Diocese of Winchester (which Parishes are herein-after referred to as the first-named ' Parishes), should on the next Avoidance of the See of Winchester (which Avoidance has not yet happened) be added to and form Part of the See of London:

Secondly, That the Parishes of Barking, East Ham, West Ham, Little Ilford, Low ' Leyton, Waltliamstoio, Wanstead, Saint Mary Woodford, and Chingford, in the ' County of Essex, (which Parishes are herein-after referred to as" the second-named Parishes), should continue to form Part of the Diocese of London:

Thirdly, That the Parishes of Charlton, Lee, Lewisham, Greenwich, Woolwich, Elthamf ' Plumstead, and Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and of St. Paul 6 Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, all then in the Diocese of Rochester}

; ' (wpich Parishes are herein-after referred to ns the third-named Parishes), should on ' the next Avoidance of the See of Rochester (which Avoidance has since happened)/

* , bp flAded to and form Part of the See of London:

At.

i

%jsspe a Ciwnri?8*011 to certain persona therein named, directing them to consider the State ' of the several X^joccses of Canterbury, London, Winchester, and Rochester, as now oh c thereafter to be constituted by or under the Provisions of the said Act and Orders in ' 'CJduncll, with special Reference to the Ciroumatances of the 4aid Dippers and the Y?xt#it '*fctnd BoVkidarkte thereof respectiyelyi and the Number of Benefices, and tho Amount of the Population conitained therein, and the Position and Circumstances of therQdhe^4i ' Chiifl&betf within the samei/ Dioceses, and whether any andj what Aiteratio^ .might,

(advantageously be made in the same, or with reference thereto: And whereas the said,

Conwis^i^ners, in pursuance of the said Directions, made a Report to Her Majesty, dated ' the ^thirty-first Day of March One thousand elgh^ hundred and' fifty-e%ht, and1 tner^y ' recommended, amongst other things, fhat Such Arrangements as are herem-aftet mentioned; c should b made with respect to the Episcopal Superintendence of the said Parishei firstly

secondly, and thirdly herein-before named: ^Atid vrheteas the said Recottmbridrifeiona ' cannot be carried into effect without the Authority of Parliament:' /Be It eriabted by th(?

Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice Und Consent of the jLqrds Spiritual and Temporal^ and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled^ *ud by\ t3tmr

Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The London Diocese Act, 1863";

2. The said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years Of the Rejgribf King Bcoommend*-JjFilfiam the Fpurth, Chapter Seventyrseven, and the Orders in Council made in pur^uattfce ^pn of Go»+., thereof, shpll bo repealed, so far as respects the said first-named Parishes, and the said firsts to certain namec(Parishes shall, notwithstanding, continue to form Part of the See of Winchester. ' Parishes herein

The second-named and third-named Parishes shall on the next Avoidance the See of £^£con" Rochester be united to and form Part of the See of Rochester. Arid all5 or any of the said: second-named and third-named Parishes may* previously to such Avoidance, by Order of ' Her

.1 j/ 7 t SWt Tide.

As to the Jurisdiction of Archdeacon of St. Albans.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 36, 37.

Her Majesty in Council, made on the joint Application of the Bishops of London and Rochester, be united to and form Part of the See of Rochester.

And the said second-named Parishes, on being united to the See of Rochester, shall become Part of the Archdeaconry of Essex. And the said third-named Parishes, on being united to the same See, shall become subject to the same Archidiaconal Jurisdiction as the other Parishes situate in Kent and belonging to the See of Rochester are or may become subject to.

3. And whereas by the same Act and Order in Council it was provided, that upon the s then next Avoidance of the Archdeaconry of Rochester the said Archdeaconry should be

suppressed, and that the next and every future Dean of Rochester should have the Jurisdiction of an Archdeacon within and over the whole City and Deanery of Rochester, and ' all Parishes and Places within the Limits of the said City and Deanery: And whereas the Archdeaconry of Rochester became vacant some Time since, but no Vacancy in the

Deanery of the Cathedral Church of Rochester hath yet taken place, and there is not at present any one to exercise Archidiaconal Jurisdiction within and over the City and c Deanery of Rochester: And whereas by an Order of Her Majesty in Council, dated the ' Twenty-seventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Canonry in the

Cathedral Church of Rochester formerly held with the said Archdeaconry of Rochester was ' permanently annexed to the Archdeaconry of St. Albans: And whereas, in order to remove the Inconvenience which has arisen from there being no Person capable of exercising (Archidiaconal Jurisdiction within the said Archdeaconry of Rochester, and which is likely to arise from that Jurisdiction being vested in the Dean of the Cathedral Church of c Rochester, it is proposed to vest such Archidiaconal Jurisdiction in the Archdeacon of

St. Albans and his SuccessorsTherefore the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-seven, and the said first-mentioned Order in Council made in pursuance thereof, shall be repealed, so far as they respect the Archidiaconal Jurisdiction over the said City and Deanery of Rochester; and the full And exclusive Jurisdiction of an Archdeacon within and over the whole City and Deanery of Rochester, and all Parishes and Places situate within the Limits of the said City and Deanery, shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, be vested in and exercised by the Archdeacon of the Archdeaconry of St. Albans and his Successors, Archdeacons of the said Archdeaconry, and the said Archdeacon shall be styled the Archdeacon of Rochester and St Albans.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[29th June 1863.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, and ' of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland, and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers and f Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who have been allowed to retire, and to Adjutants disabled after long Service Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice

191

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each

a

>J

Adjutant -..

Quartermaster, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of not less than 360 Private Men -

and of less than 360 Private Men -

Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies -

Quartermaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -

and for the Serjeant performing the Duty of both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less) -Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery Paym aster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -

Serjeant, Orderly Room Clerk, Drum Major, or Bugle Major -Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler, above Sixteen Years of Age and if under Sixteen Years of Age -

Infantry. Artillery.

£ 8. d. £ ». <L

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 3 0 0 3 6

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 1 0 1 3

0 0 10 0 0 10

Provided always, that when any Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also at Rates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instructions for the Provision of Clothing for each Serjeant Major, Serjeant, and Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler on the Disembodied Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

2. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, and Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, and Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which be shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, Trumpeters, or Buglers, at the same Time.

3. Every Adjutant, Quartermaster, and Non-commissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force so employed.

4. The Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no

Quartermaster

Secretary of State for War to issue the Money required for Pay, &o. c. of Regular Militia, as herein stated.

Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

Adjutants, Quartermasters, and Noncommissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties.

Quartermaster, &c. to hare Charge of

192

the Arms and

Clothing.

Adjutant to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

Tower to Secretary of State for War to order Arms, &c. to he deposited in War Office Stores, while disembodied.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and, in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay, &c. as herein stated.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

Quartermaster is appointed, then the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

5. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants and Drummers, Trumpeters, or Buglers, shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

6. The Officers and Volunteer Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances:

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -

Major -

Captain (including non-effeelive Allowance) -Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also ns Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Com panics and upwards -

, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies ...

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff) -

, (if holding a Subaltern's Commission, and if not on the

Permanent Staff) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than 360

Private Men) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360

Private Men) -

Infantry. Artillery.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 G 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

193

Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery, in addition to the daily Rate of Pay granted by Sec. 1.

Serjeant (not on the Permanent Staff) -Corporal -

Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private present at Training and Exercise -

Inihntry. Artillery.

£ s, d. £ s. d '

0 114 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 10 0 1 0

0 1 6| 0 2 6

0 1 2j 0 1 4±

0 1 0 0 1 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

7. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached Volunteers to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff1, either as Serjeants attached to Ke-or Drummers, Truifapeters or Buglers, be allowed Pay; whilst so under Instruction, but while gU^_

they remain so attached they Will be undfer the Ccfmmand of the Officer commanding the jeettothe Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers 6f that Regiment, and will be subject to the Mutiny Act. Provisions of the Mutiny Act,

8. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of Certain Officers ' Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when entitled

unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of retired Aiiow- the Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of the ance, upon

f War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain Paymasters,

Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed on a retired ration.

Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted to them in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the ' Fourth:' All such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

f I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I formerly served as a Form of Decla-

* in the Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from ralion-

the Day of to the Day of I did not hold

6 or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or in

the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem as a of the said Militia,

except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a

9, And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not unfit for further Service No Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

Ont-Pension to reduced Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

10, Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay* or being Persons on entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or emifl^To Al-Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this lowance as Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, having served Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for or

annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, powered to Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or receive Pay, Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any rp^ng such Allowance, from receiving his Half P«y or such Allowance: Provided also, that such g '

Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia oru| Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

26 & 27 VICT. B b 11. Provided.

Adjutants, &c., Non-commissioned Officers, or Privates, not to lose their Bight to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1864.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Allowances to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Allowances granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

11. Provided always, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler, or Private Man, in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of Lis serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

12. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, and the Wives and Families of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Buglers, and Trumpeters of the Permanent Staff, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and their Families of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers and their Families while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise,

13. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

14. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts to c Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity ' been rendered unfit for further Service Such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

15. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular or Indian Forces, or in the Army of the East India Company, and in the Militia, if unfit, either by Age or Infirmity, for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,)

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of

Three Shillings per Diem .....

Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem:

Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Y* as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per

Thirty V-U.1S, ot which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem:

Provided,

195

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

Provided, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War, founded upon such Certificate, the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment.

16. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to reduced Adjutants of the ' Local MilitiaThe said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

17. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 Y A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as Adjutant in the 4 of Local Militia at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment ' of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or

4 Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be\.

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Half Pay, or

entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such # Half Pay or Allowance.

18. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others

Restrictions as to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming the said Allowance.

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

196 26" & 27° VICTORIA, c. 37.

mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Rates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act.

Manner of

granting

Allowances.

Clerks, &e. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

19. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

I do solemnly declare, That the preceding Account, so far as regards

A my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and in ' behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums ' claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me/

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the riace of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

IT do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial Schoolmaster [or Constable

or other Officer] of the District of in the Subdivision

of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just and

true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the Public 6 Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and that was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were ' actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary ofr Stdte for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act annexed, o* such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

20. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Subdivision ' of any County, Stewartry* City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy ' Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and

Devon, should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of f Persons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia by reason of bodily i Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for Enrol-

nieutIt shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

6 I do solemnly declare. That I will, to the best of my Ability, faithfully

A and truly report as to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted ' to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward

whatever for any such Examination.

J .....

And every. Shatf receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum

not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

21. All

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37. 197

2L AH Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for Bay* to be the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, JJwdon^of shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by the the Secretary Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be of State for established on that Head. War *

22. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be Bills drawn for drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason may

of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper. stamped Paper.

23. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

No Fee to be taken.

24. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia All Things in respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and ^toSmnti Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the ihalUxtcnXto Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon. Ridings, &c.

25. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July Continuance of One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three until the First Day of September One thousand Act eight hundred and sixty-four.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

ScAU^of Rates of Remuneration* to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of L^RtenaAcy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland; for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia ar6 raised by Ballot.

' ' - t

ALLOWANCES to tije CLERKS or GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Adver- £ s.

tisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) - - - 0 7

2. For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of

Lieutenancy shall be present, each - - 5 5

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily .adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants - - -.111

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each

Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Town lluiulcto, ami ou.-^; 0«i.^r.r<, oriiiKftll and Devon, to return Lists, each - - - u -

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each -00

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and

fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals - 0 7

d.

6

0

6

6

6

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof. Schedule

(D.), for the Privy Council and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerks Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia -

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men -

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds,

Papes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under Ditto - - from 201 to 400 Men -

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained

in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under -

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards -

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the

Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps Ditto - - Two - Ditto -

Ditto - - Three - Ditto -

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards -

10. For o*juopuiiaence/ 5H3T 5tC.':

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men -

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

£ s, d.

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

6 6 0

1

2

3

4

5

1 0 2 0

3

4

5

0

0

0

0 5 0

0 10 0

1 0 0 1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertise- £ 3.

ments, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice - - -00

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion - - 1 0

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - - - 2 0

Ditto - Two Ditto - -30

Ditto - Three - Ditto - 4 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14# For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement - - - 05

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter - - 0 1

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or

principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting.

For enrolling,

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - 2 2

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - -15

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - - - 015

16, For fillings up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in

England and "W"aloo, iixoliirling nrirl m+onrtorLoo /vP

Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned, to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept - 0 0

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept - -00

d.

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

6

199

200

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the £ s. d.

Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that nave been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men ... £2 per 1,000

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule (C.) for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is 50 Men and under - 2 2 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - - - 330

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 4 4 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 5 5 0

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each

Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under - - 0 5 0

, Ditto from .51 to 150 Naiqps - - 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - - 0150

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards - - 1 0 0

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards

the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - - 1 10 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 2 0 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 2 10 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 3 0 0

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera* to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet; )' r

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - - 2 0 0

Dittafrom 51 to 150 Men - - 3 0 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 4 0 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - 5 0 0

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements,

for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships^ Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - - 0100

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - -0150

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - 1 *0 0

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their

201

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within £ s. d. their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards -10 0

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

Precept containing 10 Names and under - 0 0 6

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names - - 0 1 0

Ditto from 31 to 50 Names - 0 2 6

Ditto from 51'to 70 Names - - 0 4 0

Ditto from 71 to 100 Names - - 0 7 0

Ditto from 100 upwards - - 0 10 0

25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrol-

ment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under -

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - Ditto from 151 to 250 Names -

4 Vl Ditto fr^m 251 land upwards -

26. For correcting, Bppks of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to cor-

respond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officers Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of IViilitia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Mep and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 and upwards -

0 2 0 0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0 10

0 15 0

1 0 0

0

0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - 050

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - -010

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting - 0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per Day - -050

31. For Stationery, per Annum - - 050

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - - 040

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and enrolled Men,

per Day - -- -- -- -- -- 040

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per

Annum - -- -- -- -- -- 0 5 0

26 & 27 VICT. C c

202 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 37, 38.

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a

General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerks annual Account.

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting

to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot.

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 20 Where the Quota is

Above 200, and not exceeding 400 -

Above 400, and not exceeding 500 -

And where the Quota exceeds 500, the following Additions for every 100 or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500, and not exceeding 1,000 -

Above 1,000, and not exceeding 2,000 -

Above 2,000, and not exceeding 3,000 -

Above 3,000, and not exceeding 4,000 -

; Above 4,000 -

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant -

The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

Per Annum.

£ 8. d.

15 0 0

20 0 0

25 0 0

4 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 0 0

2 2 0

CAP. XXXVIII.

23 & 24 Vict C. 78.

An Act to amend the Act for placing the Employment of Women, young Persons, and Children in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Acts.

[29th June 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Employment of Women, young Persons, and Children in Calendering Works and Finishing Works should be regulated in the same Manner ns their Employment is regulated in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works by the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Victoria, Chapter Seventy-eight: And whereas such was the Intention of Parliament in passing i that Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice

203

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 38, 39.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That the Words " Bleaching Works" and " Dyeing Works" in the said recited Act shall be further understood to mean any Building, Buildings, or Premises in which Females, young Persons, and Children are employed, and in any Part of which Buildings or Premises any Process previous to packing is carried on in the Occupation of calendering or finishing of any Yarn or Cloth of Cotton, Wool, Silk, or Flax, or any of them, or any Mixture of them, or any Yarn or Cloth of any other Material or Materials, or in any Process incident to such calendering or finishing, and in One or more of which Processes Steam, Water, or other mechanical Power is used or employed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Building, Buildings, or Premises defined to be a " Factory " by the Act of the Seventh Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance c TV of a The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued their ' Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule c to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been given since the Date of their

Eighteenth Annual General Report: And whereas the said Commissioners have by a

Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority' of Parliament:

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1863," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

North Nibley - Gloucester 23 rd December 1862.

Cockfield Fell Durham - 15 th December 1862.

Albury - Hertford - 22nd January 1863.

Cotherstone Moor York - 23rd December 1862.

Baxterley Commons Warwick - 26th February 1863.

Ywchcoed - Radnor - 1st January 1863.

Min8terworth - - Gloucester 12th February 1863.

Westhope Hill Hereford - 23rd December 1862.

Rhysllyn - Radnor - 1st January 1863.

Llangwm - Denbigh - 1st January 1863.

BettwSrgwerfll-goch Denbigh - 1st January 1863.

Meaning of the Words " Bleaching Works " and " Dying Works " in recited Act.

Not to extend to Buildings defined by 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15.

Inclosures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

204

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 39, 40.

Inclosure. County. Bate of Provisional Order.

Mosser - Cumberland 30th April 1863.

North Moor and South Moor Somerset - 30th April 1863.

Llanfihangel-glyn-Myfir - Denbigh and Merioneth 1st January 1863.

Akeld and Humbleton - Northumberland 30th April 1863.

Bisley - Gloucester 16th May 1861.

Llandewi-brefi Cardigan - 14th November 1861.

Holt - Wilts - 4th June 1863.

Stanstead Marsh Hertford - 4th June 1863.

The Rye Meads Hertford - 4th June 1863.

Castle Mead or Causeway Mead - Hertford - 9th June 1863.

CAP. XL.

An Act for the Regulation of Bakehouses.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to limit the Hours of Labour of young Persons employed in Bakehouses, and to make Regulations with respect to Cleanliness and Ventilation

in Bakehouses Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Limitation of Hours of Labour of

1. This Act may be cited as " The Bakehouse Regulation Act, 1863."

2. For the Purposes of this Act the Words herein-after mentioned shall be construed as follows; that is to say,

" Local Authority " shall, as respects any Place, mean the Persons or Bodies of Persons defined to be the Local Authority in that Place by the One hundred and thirty-fourth Section of the Act passed in the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, or by the Nuisances Removal Acts herein-after mentioned; that is to say, as to England\ by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-one, as amended by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-seven; as to Scotland, by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and three; and as to Ireland, by the Acts passed, the one in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-three, and the other in the Session holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven:

" Bakehouse" shall mean any Place in which are baked Bread, Biscuits, or Confectionery, from the baking or selling of which a Profit is derived: u Employed," as applied to any Person, shall include any Person working in a Bakehouse, whether he receives Wages or not:

" Occupier" shall include any Person in possession:

" The Court" shall include any Justice or Justices, Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute, Magistrate or Magistrates, to whom Jurisdiction is given by this Act. i

3. No Person under the Age of Eighteen Years shall be employed in any Bakehouse between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 40.

If any Person is employed in contravention of this Section the Occupier of the Bakehouse in which he is employed shall incur the following Penalties in respect of each Person so employed; that is to say,

For the First Offence, a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds:

For a Second Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds:

For a Third and every subsequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding One Pound for each Day of the Continuance of the Employment in contravention of this Act, so that no greater Penalty be imposed than Ten Pounds.

4. The inside Walls and Ceiling or Top of every Bakehouse situate in any City, Town, or Place containing according to the last Census a Population of more than Five 'thousand Persons, and the Passages and Staircase leading thereto, shall either be painted with

Oil or be limewashed, or partly painted and partly limewashed: Where painted with Oil there shall be Three Coats of Paint, and the painting shall be renewed once at least in every Seven Years, and shall be washed with hot Water and Soap once at least in every Six Months: Where limewashed the limewashing shall be renewed once at least in every Six Months.

Every Bakehouse wherever situate shall be kept in a cleanly State, and shall be provided with proper Means for effectual Ventilation, and be free from Effluvia arising from any Drain, Privy, or other Nuisance.

If the Occupier of any Bakehouse fails to keep the same in conformity with this Section be shall be deemed to be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and to be subject in respect of such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

The Court having Jurisdiction under this Act may, in addition to or instead of inflicting any Penalty in respect of an Offence under this Section, make an Order directing that within a certain Time to be named in such Order certain Means are to be adopted by the Occupier for the Purpose of bringing his Bakehouse into conformity with this Section; the Court may upon Application enlarge any Time* appointed for the Adoption of the Means directed by the Order, but any Non-compliance with the Order of the Court shall, after the Expiration of the Time as originally limited or enlarged by subsequent Order, be deemed to be a continuing Offence, and to he punishable by a Penalty not exceeding One Pound for every Day that such Non-compliance continues.

5. No Place on the same Level with a Bakehouse situate in any City, Town, or Place containing according to the last Census a Population of more than Five thousand Persons, and forming Part of the same Building, shall bp used as a Sleeping Place, unless it is constructed as follows; that is to say.

Unless it is effectually separated from the Bakehouse by a Partition extending from the Floor to the Ceiling:

Unless there be an external glazed Window of at least Nine Superficial Feet in Area, of which at the least Four and a Half Superficial Feet are made to open for Ventilation: And any Person who lets, occupies, or continues to let, or knowingly suffers to be occupied, any Place contrary to this Act, shall be liable for the First Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for every subsequent Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

6. It shall be the Duty of the Local Authority to enforce within their District the Provisions of this Act, and in order to facilitate the Enforcement thereof any Officer of Health, Inspector of Nuisances, or other Officer appointed by the Local Authority, hereinbefore referred to as the Inspector, may enter into any Bakehouse at all Times during the Hours of baking, and may inspect the same, and examine whether it is or not in conformity with the Provisions of this Act; and any Person refusing Admission to the Inspector, or obstructing him in his Examination, shall for each Offence incur a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Inspector who is refused Admission to any Bakehouse/in pursuance of this Section, to apply to any Justice for a Warrant authorizing him, accompanied by a Police Constable, to enter into any such Bakehouse for the Purpose of examining the same, and to enter the same accordingly.

7. All

205

Persons under 18 Years of Age.

Regulations as to Cleanliness of Bakehouse.

As to Sleeping Places near Bakehouses.

Power to Local Authority to enforce Provisions of this Act

206 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 40, 41.

oAf8LEafPreS Expenses incurred by any Local Authority in pursuance of the Provisions of this thority^acting Act maJ be out of any leviable by them, and applicable to the Payment of the under this Act. Expenses incurred by the Local Authority under the said Nuisances Removal Acts, and the said Authority may levy such Rate accordingly.

Penalties.

Recovery of 8. All Penalties under this Act may be recovered summarily before Two or more Justices; Penalties. ag England, in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act tofacilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same; as to Ireland, in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings of Petty Sessions and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or any Act amending the same; and as to Scotland, upon summary Conviction, with Power for the Justices having Cognizance of the Case to sentence the Offender to Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Three Months until the Penalty and the Expenses of Conviction are paid.

Jurisdiction of 9. Any Act, Power, or Jurisdiction hereby authorized to be done or exercised by Two certain Magis- jugt; ces may be done or exercised by the following Magistrates within their respective Jurisdictions; that is to say, as to England, by any Metropolitan Police Magistrate or other Stipendiary Magistrate sitting alone at a Police Court or other appointed Place, or by the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City sitting alone or with others at the Mansion House or Guildhall; as to Ireland, by any One or more Divisional Magistrates of Police in the Police District of Dublin, and elsewhere by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions; and as to Scotland, by the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute, or by any Police Magistrate of a Burgh.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the Liability of Innkeepers, and to prevent certain Frauds upon them.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law concerning the Liability of Innkeepers (in respect of the Goods of their Guests in manner herein-after mentioned:' Be it

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

Innkeeper not to be liable for Loss, &c. beyond 30/., except in certain Cases.

L No Innkeeper shall, after the passing of this Act, be liable to make good to any Guest of such Innkeeper any Loss of or Injury to Goods or Property brought to his Inn, not being a Horse or other live Animal, or any Gear appertaining thereto, or any Carriage, to a greater Amount than the Sum of Thirty Pounds, except in the following Cases; (that is to say,)

(1.) Where such Goods or Property shall have been stolen, lost, or injured through the wilful Act, Default, or Neglect of such Innkeeper or any Servant in his Employ: (2.) Where such Goods or Property shall have been deposited expressly for safe Custody with such Innkeeper: y

Provided always, that in the Case of such Deposit it shall be lawful for such Innkeeper, if he think fit, to require, as a Condition of his Liability, that such Goods or Property shall be

207

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 41, 42.

be deposited in a Box or other Receptacle, fastened and sealed by the Person depositing the 8ame.

2. If any Innkeeper shall refuse to receive for safe Custody, as before mentioned, any Goods or Property of his Guest, or if any such Guest shall, through any Default of such Innkeeper, be unable to deposit such Goods or Property as aforesaid, such Innkeeper shall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Act in respect of such Goods or Property.

3. Every Innkeeper shall cause at least One Copy of the First Section of this Act,

Printed in plain Type, to be exhibited in a conspicuous Part of the Hall or Entrance to his nn, and he shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act in respect of such Goods or Property only as shall be brought to his Inn while such Copy shall be so exhibited.

4. The Words and Expressions herein-after contained, which in their ordinary Signification have a more confined or a different Meaning, shall in this Act, except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of the Act shall exclude such Construction, be interpreted as follows; that is to say, the Word " Inn" shall mean any Hotel, Inn, Tavern, Public House, or other Place of Refreshment, the Keeper of which is now by Law responsible for the Goods and Property of his Guests; and the Word " Innkeeper" shall mean the Keeper of any such Place.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to amend the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Victoria, authorizing the Sale of Mill Sites and Water Powers by the Commissioners of Public Works in Irelands [13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twentieth (and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, Section Two,

it is amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, at any Time within Five Years after the making of any final Award or Awards in any District as therein referred to, wherein certain Mill Sites were situate, to sell and dispose of such Site or Sites or Water Powers, or other Premises connected therewith, for such Price or Prices as to them should seem reasonable: And whereas it is expedient that the Time by the said Act limited, and within which it is thereby lawful for the said Commissioners to sell and dispose of the said Mill Sites and c Water Powers should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

. 1. That the Limit of Five Years fixed by the Second Section of the said Act is hereby repealed, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works at any Time hereafter to sell and dispose of the Mill Sites and Water Powers and other Premises connected therewith by the said recited Act authorized to be sold.

Obligation to receive Property of Guests for safe Custody.

Notice of Law, &c. to be conspicuously exhibited.

Interpretation of Terms.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 23.

Limit of Five Years, as fixed by Sect. 2. of recited Act, for Sale of Mill Sites repealed.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96.

Postmaster General era- 1 powered to s$ll. or exchange Lands.

Rights of Way.

Purchaser not to be bound to inquire into Authority of Postmaster General to execute Deed.

Monies payable to Postmaster General under this Act to be paid into the Bank of England.

I t

26° & mnuroum & 43.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to sell anil otherwise i^spose of Land.

[13th 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Pmljaijhent ^elcf| in and

Fourth Years of the Peign of Her present Majesty, intituled yiw ^ctfor. $esRegu-

lation of the Duties of Postage, in order to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General for the (Time bein^ to hold and take Conveyances and Leases at*! Me^unges^ Tenements, Lands, ' and Hereditaments for the Service of the Post Office and !to jtra#eput thOt same to his ' Successors it was enacted that Her Majesty's .Poatw^ep Gffn^alaud; h& Successors ' should be and were thereby made, a Body Corporate, and: should .haye a Seal, and that ' all Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments ,; of whatsoever Tenure, then ' vested in Her Majesty's then present Postmaster General, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in trust for Her Majesty and Her Successors, should, immediately ' on the passing of the said Act, be and become vested in him in his corporate Capacity, and his Successors for ever, in trust as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient that ' Her Majesty's Postmaster General and his Successors should be invested with such ' Powers of Sale, Exchange, Leasing, and other Disposition over Lands held by him and them, and that such further and_other^Powers should be conferred on Her Majesty's (Postmaster General for the Time being, as are herein-after in that Behalf contained Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as foljowy: | / i

L It shqjl be lawful for* Her Majesty Postmaster Qeucra| for , th< *, jTifOTi jbeingj /r om Time to Time, rwith the Consent and Approbation of the Comniissiopors ^f He^Majesty's Treasury, or any Two of them, (such Consent and Approbation to be certified fey'une of the Secfletzwies or Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury byi Waiting MifcdfcjiKir H&jd,) to sell prto exchange for other .Lands, or to lease or to surrender OU; APy Terms, pay Hands for the Time being vested in him in trust as aforesaid, uud upp* fmy such ExchfchgO tfrjgive or receive any Money for Equality of Exchange; ajid any such Sale m aforesaid ide

either by Public Auction or Private Contract, and the Postmaster General tmay m^ke any Stipulations as to Title or otherwise, in any Conditions of Sale orj Cwtrtmt fffevi - Sale or Exchange^ and may buy in, rescind, or vary any Contract for Sale, or E*Phi^fc and may re-eell or re-exchange any such Lands as aforesaid; and it j shall be lawful fprr the Postmaster General or his Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid* or any of thqm/|to^*equte and do all such Assurances and Things as he or they shall thinks fit* i - «, .: 1 in "

2. In all Sales, Exchanges, and Leases respectively to be made [by Her Majesty's

Postmaster General under the Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for him td Stipulate for, create, or reserve all such Bights of Way or Road as shall be dedmod right!((

3. No Purchaser, Lessee, or other Person claiming under any Deed or Instrument purporting to be executed by the Postmaster General under the Authority of this Act shall be bound to inquire whether the Postmaster General shall have been duly authorized by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to execute the same or not, or whether any Sale or Exchange or Lease or Surrender purporting to be made by the Postmaster General under the Authority of this Act shall have been in foot authorized by this Actor not, or whether it shall or shall not have been within the Provisions or within the true Intent And Meaning of this Act.

4. All Monies, except Rents reserved on Leases, which shall become payable to the Postmaster General under the Provisions of this Act shall be paid into the Bank of EngUn\dl and shall be there placed to the Account of Her Majesty's Postmaster Generali or to such other Account at tlxe Bank of England as the Postmaster General for the Time being and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time heiugi or-any Two of them, shall direct; and the Receipt of the Receiver and i Accountant General for the Tipae being: of

Her

209

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 43, 44.

Her Majesty b Post Office for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be paid into the Bank of England, and no Bueh Person shall be bound to see to the Application, or be answerable for the Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof.

5. All Leases and Underleases, and Agreements for Leases and Underleases, heretofore made or entered into by Her Majesty's present Postmaster General or any of his Predecessors in Office are hereby confirmed.

6. Upon and by virtue of the Appointment of any Person to be Her Majesty's Postmaster General, the Benefit of all Contracts, Bonds, Securities, and Things in Action, which shall have been vested in his Predecessor at the Time when such Predecessor ceased to hold Office, shall be transferred to and vested in and enure for the Benefit of the Postmaster General so appointed, in the same Manner as if he had been contracted with instead of his Predecessor, and as if his Name had been inserted in all such Contracts, Bonds, and Securities, instead of the Name of his Predecessor.

7. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Post Office Lands Act, 1863."

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the further Security of the Persons of Her Majesty's Subjects from personal Violence. [I3th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Forty-third Section of the Act of the Session of the Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter

i Ninety-six, it is provided that " whosoever shall, being armed with any offensive Weapon

" or Instrument, rob or assault with Intent ter rob any Person, or shall together with

" One or more other Person or Persons rob Or assault with Intent to rob any Person, or c " shall* rob any Person, and at the Time of or immediately before or immediately after ' " such Robbery shall wound, beat, strike, or use any other personal Violence to any ' " Person and by the Twenty-first Section of the Act of the same Session, Chapter

One hundred, that " whosoever shall by any means attempt to ehoke, suffocate, or strangle

" any Person, or by any means calculated to choke, suffocate, or strangle, attempt to

" render any Person insensible, unconscious, or incapable of Resistance, with Intent in ' " any of such Cases thereby to enable himself cr any other Person to commit, or with ' " Intent in any of such Cases to assist any other Person in committing, any indictable i " Offence, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the ' " Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for Life, or for any Term not (" less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, ' " with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary ConfinementAnd whereas the Punishment awarded by the said Sections is insufficient to deter from Crimes of ' Violence:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any Person is convicted of a Crime under either of the said Sections, the Court before whom he is convicted may, in addition to the Punishment awarded by the said Sections or any Part thereof, direct that the Offender, if a Male, be once, twice, or thrice privately whipped, subject to the following Provisions:

1. That in the Case of an Offender whose Age does not exceed Sixteen Years the Number of Strokes at each such Whipping do not exceed Twenty-five, and the Instrument used shall be a Birch Rod:

26 & 27 Vict. D d 2. That

Former Leases confirmed.

On Appointment of Postmaster General, Contracts, &c. vested in his Predecessor transferred.

[Short Title.]

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 100.

Power to award Punishment of Whipping in Coses herein named.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 44, 45.

2. That in the Case of any other Male Offender the Number of Strokes do not exceed

Fifty at each such Whipping:

3. That in each Case the Court in its Sentence shall specify the Number of Strokes to be

inflicted and the Instrument to be used:

Provided that in no Case shall such Whipping take place after the Expiration of Six Months from the passing of the Sentence; provided also, that every such Whipping to be inflicted on any Person sentenced to Penal Servitude shall be inflicted on him before he shall be removed to a Convict Prison with a view to his undergoing his Sentence of Penal Servitude.

CAP. XLV.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 93.

24 & 25 Vict. C. 42.

Power to Board to make new Street.

An Act for making a new Street from Blackfriars to the Mansion House in the City of London in connexion with the Embankment of the River Thames on the Northern Side of that River; and for other Purposes.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by The Thames Embankment Act, 1862, herein-after called the

Embankment Act of 1862, the Metropolitan Board of Works, herein-after called

the Board, are authorized to make an Embankment on the Left Bank of the Thames from f Westminster Bridge to the Eastern Boundary of the Inner Temple, and a Viaduct thence to c Blackfriars Bridge, with a public Roadway on the Embankment and on the Viaduct:

And whereas, for the Purpose of improving the Metropolis and of providing a convenient 6 Communication for Traffic to the Eastward of the said Roadway, it is expedient that the ' Board should also be authorized to make, in continuation of the said Roadway, the new c Street in the City of London herein-after described:

And whereas by The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, a Fund, called the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement^Fund, was established out of the Proceeds of certain local Coal and Wine Duties thereby continued until the Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and was thereby directed to 1 be applied to the Improvement of the Metropolis in such Manner as might thereafter be f determined by Parliament:

And whereas by the Embankment Act of 1862 the Expenses of the said Embankment (on the Left Bank were charged upon the said Improvement Fund, subject to certain prior

Charges thereon; and it is expedient that the Expenses of the said intended new Street ' should likewise be charged on that Fund:

And whereas the Objects of the present Act cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament:

And whereas Plans and Sections of the intended new Street, and Works connected therewith, showing the proposed Situation, Lines, and Levels thereof, and the Lands

intended to be or which may be taken for the Purposes thereof, and a Book of Reference ' to the same Plans, containing the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or

reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the same Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the City of London, and the same are herein-after referred to as the deposited Plans, Sections, and Book of Reference

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Works.

1. The Board may, in the Situation and Line, and according to the Levels, and within the Limits of Deviation, and on the Lands, defined in the deposited Plans, Sections, and Book of Reference, make the Street herein-after described; namely, —

A Street commencing in the Precincts of Whitefriars and Bridewell, and Parishes of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride, and Saint Ann Blackfriars, or some or One of them, in

the

211

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 45.

the City of London, in or out of New Bridge Street, at or near the Portion of Nero Bridge Street called Chatham Place, and terminating in the Parishes of Saint Mary Woolchurch Haw and Saint Mildred Poultry, or One of them, in the City of London, at or in the Streets called the Poultry, Mansion House Street, and Charlotte Row, in the City of London, at or near the Mansion House: which is herein-after referred to as the new Street.

; 2 Subject to the Provisions of this Act, and in accordance with the deposited Plans, or .As to Works within the Limits thereon defined, the Board in connexion with the new Street, and as ejected wi Part of the Works by this Act authorized, herein-after referred to as the Works, and for new the Purposes thereof, may make Junctions and Communications with any existing Streets which may be intersected or interfered with by or be contiguous to the new Street, and may make Diversions, Widenings, or Alterations of Lines or Levels of any existing Streets for the Purpose of connecting the same with the new Street, or of crossing under or over the same, or otherwise, and may remove, destroy, alter, divert, stop up, inclose, use, or appropriate all or any Part of any Street, Square, Place, Court, Alley, or Passage, whether a Thoroughfare or not, or of any Thoroughfare, Road, Lane, or Way, or of any Stream, Drain, Sewer, Watercourse, void Ground or other Property, within the Limits of lateral Deviation defined on the deposited Plans, the Board providing a proper Substitute before interrupting the Flow of Sewage in any Drain or Sewer.

3. The Board shall widen the Street called Bennett's Hill, so that the same ipay, at its As to widening Junction with the new Street, and to the Extent of the Property purchased by the Board Queen3*11 abutting on Bennett's Hill, be of the Width of Thirty-five Feet at the least; and the Board street, U^eap-shall also widen the Street called Queen Street, Cheapside, so that such Street may, to the side.

Extent of the Property purchased by the Board abutting on that Street, be of the Width

of Fifty Feet at the least.

4. In making the new Street the Board may deviate to any Extent not exceeding Five Power to Feet from the Levels defined on the deposited Sections, and may deviate from the Line of deviate from the new Street within the Limits of Deviation defined on the deposited Plans, but the ^dj^ited^ Board shall not deviate beyond the last-mentioned Limits without the Consent of the Plans.

Person or Body through whose Lands any such Deviation is made.

5. Where the new Street will pass under the Line of Railway No. 2 (City Section) Proviso as to authorized by the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway (Metropolitan Extensions) Act, ^ical Devia' 1860, or any other Railway which Parliament may in the present Session authorize to be

made in lieu of that Line, the Board shall not, in making the new Street, deviate upwards from the Levels thereof shown on the deposited Section.

6. In any Case in which the Board under this Act, and any Company or Companies from Provision Time to Time authorized to construct such Railway as aforesaid, have concurrent Powers where there are for the Purchase of Lands, those Powers shall not be exercised by either Party until after Po^of Pur-Seven Days Notice in Writing of the Intention to exercise such Powers has been given to chase of Lands, the other Party; and if within Seven Days after such Notice the Party to whom Notice is

given shall object to the Exercise of such Powers by the other, then as to the Lands referred to in the Notice neither of those Parties shall exercise any Powers of Purchase until it has been referred to the Board of Trade to decide whether any, and if so what,

Portion of such Lands are to be purchased by each or either of them; and the Board of Trade shall, on the Application of either Party, forthwith decide, or appoint an Arbitrator to decide, any such Question in such Manner as may appear to the Board of Trade or to such Arbitrator to be most expedient with a view of enabling both Parties to execute their respective Undertakings as authorized.

7. The Works of the Board and of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of As to Junction London at the Junction of the new Street with the Approach to the new Blackfriars g^eete"n£ew Bridge to be made under The Blackfriars Bridge Act, 1863, shall be settled by the Approach to Engineers of the Board sand of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, or, in case of new Blackfriars Dispute between them, by some competent Person to be appointed by the Board of Trade

on the Application of th)Board, or of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, 26 & 27 Vict.

D d 2 8. In c. lxii.

As to Altera- 8. }n ntf&tog the ine^ Stfeefl and Works the Board tmaytraise, rink* o*otherwise alter Water Kpe& Portion of any IWfuteurconrse, (Water Pipe; dr Gras Pipb belonging to of odanepted with -any IJpu^ejWjBaildwg^acyoibing or near to itlie riew<SlrAt or WoHwj a*d(also any Main >j or otho^iP.ipo taut dorote otMistd'by dny Gcmipany for^arryin^'a Supply* if»Water or and also any Pipe, Tube, Wire, or Apparatus l#ia down, for telegraphic or other Purposes

7 and may tthnovC tay other QbstniOtion, causing ad little Detriment and Inconvenience as* , .j Circumstance's admit to any Company, Person, or Body, and making reasonably (jopapensa; | tion to tay Person who suffers Damage by any such Alteration.

Power to nfake< 9. TJhc Board mpy make funder the new Street annr^hedPae^age or OQvewd.Way, '

Sub-way. hereiri-SftW called the Sub-wky, for such Purposes as they think fit, with all Communicalyons, v Works, and Thiifgs necessary or proper for the convenient Use thereof; and the same Sub-, i way, - Communications^ Wdrks* tad Things shatl fed fleeiihed Parr Of-the Works AWhbrfced by this Act, and the same shrill (notwithstanding^ anything herein contained) belong to atrdbfe vested in the Board, and shall be maintained and repaired by tto'Bota& in matohdrj&tftided1 by Section Twenty-two of the Embankment Act of .1862, respecting the Embankment therein mentioned; and the Board may permit the Use of the Sub-way for the Purpose of the laying down of Gas or Water Pipes, or Telegraphic Wires, or for any other like Works or Purpose, on such Terms and Condition^ and for syqb Period as the Board and any ., Company or Person may mutually agree; , and:the Board may sell, convey, or (fomj^e any . Right to any; Company or Person for any of the Purples aforesaid, , fipd may makjOiW^V Stipulation# for preventing' Injury to the adjoining, Property, and for; ihjCjSeeuxjity-of! thft Public, as fye Board think proper, tyid piay agree to, refer. to Arbitration , .n

difference under the present rrpyision., }, r/:, , /, (

Power to set 10. ThetBdardmay cause such Part of the* new Strefet to fed feid outfor5, 1 out Footway. an(j 8Uch Part thereof for Footway, as they think proper .;" 'Ul

Ground laid open into ne^ Street to* form' Part thereof, and to be under the Care of Commissioners of Sewers.

nil

Power to Board to take Lands defined in deposited Plans.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incorporated.

I .:.- Sections 23; 04, and 40 of n.'i; 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93. incorporated.

Power to Board to purchase and extinguish Easements. ?

lli Whatt the new Street fe paved aiwl coito^leted, of whibh Completibii ri!CrirtjficatP , : signed by: the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's \Ybrkd add'Public Rtiildirtgs, and delivered ito the Cleric of the Commissioners of Sewert for the City d^lJnddri' shrilfofe vAP(u' lali Purposes fcotalusive Evidence, all the Ground laid open into the new Street '^hdil: t>ri! deemed (to form} Pact thereof, and liiay be Usrid by the Public accordingly:[aUd thencbfbifli1 '* the new Street, with the sole Power, Authority, and Duty of paving, aiyl lighting the same, tad for those Rijrppsp^ of ratflig, Hex#dHta^wHh^ tho'i#$*ne{£ i shall he under the jyare, ^ianagejnent, '^pptLyf, .^d, ^urisf^lidn, of. -said.

ot Sewers. if(t /t. , r A .* , .(!l . - 1 , ..i; -. .n mn*)t; >n- bin.

, -; IM " ^r; 'f

MV'+S' " 'r 1 J1' ' ' 1 'L v'i *' :(>a |(i

12* The Board muy q^ter ppoii, take, and nsie, for tb^ PLUitxises of this Act; any itht -Lands defined l^, the\^jppsit«t Rlanp and Book of Befbtenoes; arid- the Lauda Glauses} Consolidation Act, 1845, yith* the, Rta«ptiofli^ of S^Otilons! iThirfcyMfouri.and NinediybtivOy-(relating to the Costs of Arbitrations, and to the taking of Parts of Buildings, and to Matters connected therewith respectively,) and "tfhe Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be focorporatqd with this Ac, t; / and for <; he Rurpp^es of this Act anything by the last-mentioned Acts, or either of theui; required or tathpri^ed to be done by Two Justices, shall or maybe donehy Two AldfeflPta of jtb§; Cky.of; fandovv acting together, or bpr the Lord M^yor, or the Recpr^er, of; the* S^d M^y iaptfug.

U

ii i

B

[i v>.*u'^ V '((It

13* Therpi shall bet incot^ora ted with this Act Sections Twenty-three, T^erl^; foUf/ahd, 7/J 'EbrtyipLitte Embfuduneni: Actfof 18C2 (rdatu^g to the taking of Patts efLknd ^, tad fo^ 'j the (jQrreqtion bf any Ertois in the Book1 of ReferenoC, hnd to; the Cosls bf Arbitrafiph^, inv'{ and to Matters /coiiilected- (therewith respectivbly)f; and for this Piirpoye/ th&'^y Act, v and Ttrm^ofiBbference thereto. Used ni tay of the Sbctkms last tatimeratbd; bbtttl btf1 taken totaeati orrefeixto the present Act. f \* - 1; i "'1 by*ni>p '

, -; ' . ..v . *i Mf., ,; ! t-. -jff: .j ? 17/ ] Ir '

14. The Board may purchase any Easement which they may require to extinguish for the reposes of this. Askiand for the Purposed-of ©retyWieh Purchase the 'Tettft "{Lands '

in the.4?utl Cliwoet ConsolWation Act, eb«lli be seemed'to inChiUe EaWinWlts; ' , "1 '

15. If

26T.& 27, ?VICTORIffi, ^.45.; *-

15. If AerBriard, iatitha Course of tthe C<wtatructi6h of the WorkB hereby authorized* shalfc dattfmtpti the Course io£ any <md btber $6 Wet' or Dmin, or the Flow of Sewage therefrotoyithe BoafcdrshaHyiihtil the bo w Level Sewer is available, provide a proper and sufl^elH^uhfltiMftei(bQ^btteithoFilowx>f Sewage in any1 such Seweror Dmin is so interrupted.

l^niit the Completion of the Works^ the deposited Plants, Sections, and Book of Reference sb^ll Remain In the Office Ia wlpch they arje deposited* and all Persons m*y at all reasonable Ernies inspect the same / at their, Pleasure, paying One Shilling for each Inspection. 1

lf^j ^he?Po\Vers of the Bosfcdfor the bompulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall not BS*'b^ertifeyfl rftfer fUtEx^fratiijn bf Five Years from the passing of this Act.

l&f ^hall/^otient^ Up^ithe Offiae of the Etiintdble As^uranoe1 Sociefcyimtil

the Notice by the Board of

their Ipt^oni to, t$k& the v, *^ ".:

19. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, it shall not be lawful for the Board to take, use, or in any Manner interfere with any Property forming Part of or used or occupied for the Purposes of 'or ip connexion with Her Majesty's Court of Probate and Court'for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, or the Principal Registry of the said Court of Probate , :^by Office OOnrteOted^With1 the said Courts or Registry respectively, or which the of Her Majesty's Worit^ and Public Buildings, have purchased or hired,

or ddthbifeed^ tb purchase or hirie, for the Purposes of the said Courts or Registry resp^tiVtiy[^wWhotit the Consent in Writing of thb Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury first had and obtained, which Consent the said Commissioners are hereby auth9i^efl, ^giy , 9a Jetfia and fubjnofcr to, with CoKditioos as they may; thihk fit to prescribe. .j , 1 turt .» - i -

213

As to Interference with Sewers.

Custody of deposited Flans.

Powers tbr compulsory Purchases limited.

For Protection of the Equitable Assurance Company.

Board not to interfere with Principal Probate Registry and Probate Court without Consent of Treasury.

ther^yi^.pe^pe^iyely); ., a(B4 for . this, Purpose the Term " this Act," and Terms of r*ted. Reff^p^c ^b, 9fet9, u3ed in .any. of the; Sections latst enurtierated, shall be taken to meon'or refef^ 1 '* ' /,; ! —

2Kffcfot& thfc Board* sell1 tiny superfluous Lands adibining any public Street under the As to certain

df Sewets, the Boahi ihalf give Notice to such Commissioners, ^n^i^, red and such Commissioners may within Two Months after such Notice require the Board to side'streets.^ sell to them such Quantity of Land as may be necessary for widening any such Street to a Width not exceeding Thirty-five Feet; and the Provisions of the Thirty-fifth Spction of the Efobankmetfi Act bf *1862 shteUl* not efctfend Y0 any such Lntids in Aspect of wmch such 1 . Requisilsbfi mhyjbfe mfatid by thefeald Ohmmissicmfers, and th^ Price shall In case 6f Dispute be seitfeddo iirifodromrcwidedi b^the Thirfy-rixth Sdctiod of stum Act V

) i bru: , 5-'^nd)Kiia *o -:oT 1:' ' ''t >' ' - - 1 1 1

Mon*jfk . V. u i*- .:* 1 ' '* '* -r '

22. Th$ Fowledbfborrowing'Mbnfey fekfeef In1 the Board under the Embankment Act Power to of 1862, and thb 'P^oVisihiis bf that Act relating thereto, shall be deemed to extend and ?ardt2)r apply toJ thi^Act; and the Bbatd may, /under those Powers, borrqwp ont the Security of forPmpos^of the Thames Embatokfriefit'ihd Mdttopolfe Ittiprovement Pund, 1 Money to the Extent of this Act and Twq^fl^Pju^ jofitnlhe E^teUt or Ay of Otac cbillioai Pounds? andtho

shall ^nply bp^rpwnd fqr the Purposes of the UindertakiiigB huthorlked by the Jom

this Acti or either of rth^in; *but: nothing in this Aut dhalf

afTeojtf^o ojt< Body who/has* before tile passing! of this Act teini^any f

Mon^y W phrpuanoe ofrthoihnhaiDdciDebt Ac^; and Lhuds or Ptopbfty '', J '

acouirea by the Board under the Embankment Act of h$62, lor thk'Act, miiy^be madei either with the said Improvement Fund or alone, a Security for apy Money sp borrowed, r

T<rt drAUUllhy.^ <>) )>*, -; ' *--!t ' !'; ' ' ' " l* ' ' ' .

W.thing in the Embanluneifti Act of 1862 contained; (dnd subject Appropriation to the Pro visjpnf bei; e?i-qfteri; eon twined Smr Pbyinent/of tW Costs, Charges, and Expenses

il

Determination in case of disputed Compensation.

Questions of disputed Compensation, where Juries required, to be determined in Lord Major's Court.

Sections 50 to 52 of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93. incorporated.

Extension to this Act of general Towers of Board.

Saving Rights of Commissioners of Sewers.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 45.

of and incidental and preliminary to the obtaining of this Act, or incurred by the Board in relation thereto), all Money forming Part of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund at the passing of this Act, or becoming Part of that Fund after the passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to the Board as the Board may by Writing under their Seal require, and shall be applied by the Board as follows: —

First, in satisfying all Charges on the said Improvement Fund created under the Embankment Act of 1862 before the passing of this Act:

Secondly, in satisfying all Charges thereon to be created under this Act:

Thirdly, in paying the Expenses from Time to Time incurred in respect of the Undertakings authorized by the Embankment Act of 1862, and this Act, or either of them:

Lastly, in the Improvement of the Metropolis in such Manner as may hereafter be determined by Parliament.

Miscellaneous.

24. The Amount and Application of any Compensation payable by the Board in any Case under this Act shall be determined in the Manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for Determination of the Amount and Application of Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected under that Act, subject nevertheless to the Provisions of the next following Section.

25. Where any Question of disputed Compensation under this Act is required to be determined by the Verdict of a Jury, the Jury shall be required to appear before the Court of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the said City, at a Time to be appointed by the said Court; and all the Provisions of The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Settlement of Questions of disputed Compensation by Juries, appearing before the Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall extend and be applied with respect to the Settlement of any such Question of disputed Compensation under this Act by Juries appearing before the said Court; and the said Court shall give Judgment for the Purchase Money or Compensation assessed by such Jury; and a Verdict and Judgment shall be signed by the Registrar of the said Court, and entered among the Records of the said Court; and the said Registrar shall settle the Costs of every such Inquiry.

26. There shall be incorporated with this Act Sections Fifty, Fifty-one, and Fifty-two of the Embankment Act of 1862 (relating to the Application of Penalties, and to Actions, and to Matters connected therewith respectively); and for this Purpose the Term " this Act," and Terms of Reference thereto, used in any of the Sections last enumerated, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act,

27. The Board shall have and may exercise, for and in the Execution of this Act, all such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities as are conferred on the Board by the Acts constituting and regulating the Board (save that the Board shall not apply any Money raised under those Acts in or towards the Construction cr Execution of any Work authorized by this Act), and, as far as may be, the Provisions of those Acts shall apply for the Purposes and in the Execution of this Act; and there shall be incorporated with this Act Section Seven of the Embankment Act of 1862 (relating to a Committee of the Board); and for this Purpose the Term " this Act," and Words of Reference thereto, used in the last-mentioned Section, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act.

28. Nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any of the Powers of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London further than may be necessary for effecting the Works by this Act authorized; and any Expense which such Commissioners may incur in making any additional Sewers or Drains, or altering any existing Sewers or Drains (not being Main Drains), in consequence of the Removal, Destruction, Alteration, or Diversion or stopping up any existing Sewers or Drains, shall be repaid to them by the Board.

29. This Act may be cited as " The Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863."

30. AH

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 45, 46. 215

30. All the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incidental and preliminary to the Expenses of obtaining of this Act, or incurred by the Board in relation thereto, shall be paid out of the Act Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall apply such Sums as may be necessary for this Purpose accordingly, out of the Money forming Part of that Fund at the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for further continuing and appropriating the London Coal and Wine Duties.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, the 24 & 25 Vict. Local Coal and Wine Duties therein mentioned, being Four Shillings a Tun on 42-

Wines, and One Penny and Twelvepence a Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, were continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two; and by the same Act the Proceeds of the said Wine Duty, and of the said Coal Duty of One Penny, and of the Duty of Eightpence, Part of the said Coal Duty of Twelvepence, were directed (after Satisfaction of certain Charges) to be paid to an Account to be opened in the Name of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at the Bank of England, to be intituled The Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund, and to be applied to the Improvement of the Metropolis in such Manner as might thereafter be determined by Parliament:

And whereas by the same Act the Proceeds of the Duty of Fourpence, Residue of the said Coal Duty of Twelvepence (after Payment of certain Charges thereon), were directed to be applied by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London towards or in aid of such Public Improvements in or adjacent to the said City as Parliament should thereafter sanction:

And whereas by The Thames Embankment Act, 1862, the Metropolitan Board of 25 & 26 Vict. Works were authorized to make an Embankment on the Left Bank of the Thames Ct 93, from Westminster Bridge to the Eastern Boundary of the Inner Temple, and a Viaduct thence to Blackfriars Bridge, with a public Roadway on the Embankment and on the Viaduct:

And whereas by the said Embankment Act of 1862 it was provided that (subject to certain Charges) all Expenses incurred in carrying that Act into effect should be defrayed out of the said Improvement Fund, or Money to be borrowed on the Security thereof, and the said Board were empowered to borrow on that Security any Sum not exceeding One million Pounds:

And whereas a Bill has been introduced into Parliament in the present Session for making a new Street from Blackfriars to the Mansion House in the City of London, in connexion with the Embankment of the River Thames on the Northern Side of that River; and for other Purposes:

And whereas, with a view of making a general Fund for defraying the Expenses of carrying into effect the Objects of the said Bill, as well as the Purposes of the Embankment Act of 1862, it is proposed by the said Bill that the said Board should be authorized to borrow under the Provisions of the Embankment Act of 1862 the Sum of Two million Pounds instead of the Sum of One million Pounds:

And whereas several Works have been recommended for the Improvement of the Metropolis by the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty to examine Plans for embanking the Surrey Side of the River Thames within the Metropolis, and by the Commissioners appointed to consider the Advantages and Cost of different Plans calculated to relieve the overcrowding of existing Thoroughfares, and to conduce to the Convenience of the Public and the Embellishment of the Metropolis:

And

Continuance of Duties and Acts for a fbrther Period* of Ten Years.

CoalDuty of Ad. to be applied by Corporation of London to Holborn Hill Improvements.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 46, 47.

And whereas it would greatly conduce to the Convenience of the Public and to the e Accommodation of Metropolitan Traffic if Alterations and Improvements were made in ' and adjacent to Holborn Hill and Skinner Street, by the raising of Holborn Valley:

And whereas it is apprehended that the Proceeds of the said Coal and Wine Duties as ' continued by the said Continuance Act of 1861 will be insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, and it is therefore expedient to continue the same from the said Fifth Day of ' July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two for a further Period of Ten Years, for the Purpose of providing Means to defray the Expenses of the Undertakings aforesaid, (including the Alterations and Improvements aforesaid in and adjacent to Holborn Hill and ' Skinner Street: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. All Duties by The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and all Acts relating thereto, shall be continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty-two; and The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, shall be read as if the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty-two had been substituted throughout that Act for the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two.

2. The net Proceeds of the Duty of Fourpence, Part of the Duty of Twelvepence, on Coal, Culm, and Citiders, continued by this Act until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, shall during the Continuance thereof be applied by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London in the first instance in Payment of the Interest and in discharge of so much of the Principal of the several Sums mentioned in the Sixth Section of The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, as now remains unpaid; and an Account of the Receipt and Application of such Duty of Fourpence shall be kept separate and distinct from the Accounts of the said Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, and an Abstract of the said Account shall be annually laid by the Chamberlain of the said City before both Houses of Parliament; and after discharging the said Sums and Interest, and in the meantime subject thereto, the said Duty of Fourpence shall be applied by the Corporation of London in the fitst instance towards or in aid of the raising of Holborn Valley, and afterwards to such other public Improvement or Improvements in or adjacent to the City of London as Parliament shall hereafter sanction.

3. This Act may be cited as The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1863.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Powers of the Courts of the Church of Scotland, and extending the Powers of the said Courts.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it would much conduce to the Interests of Religion were Ministers of ' Parishes .against whom a Libel has been found relevant for alleged immoral Conduct, ' or for alleged Error in Doctrine, to abstain from exercising Ministerial Functions until ' the said Libel has been disposed of by final Sentence; but Doubts exist whether the (Right of the Courts of the Church of Scotland to require and enjoin Ministers of Parishes ' so to abstain from Ministerial Functions in such Circumstances may not be liable to legal ' Impediment, and it is desirable to remove such Doubts: And whereas it is expedient to ' declare the said Right, and farther to declare the Right of the Presbyteries of the said c Church to make Provision for supplying the Ordinances of Religion in any Parish where the said Ordinances have ceased to be performed by the Minister thereof:' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent

217

20° «f 27°.V, I<?TORIjEj c. 47.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asa^mbl6d, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: ' 1 ' r

Mild!) . *-:" 'i ..... ' ..... t AI . J .;

1. Whenever any Presbytery or other Court of the Church of Scotland shall have found aLibel relevant, charging the Minister of any Parish with unmoral Conduct or/with Error -h* Dtetrioe, and shall have resolved to proceed to a Proof1 of the said Libel, it (is hereby

declared and enacted that it is and shall be held to be the Bight of the saidi Presbytery to > 'pronounce a Delirerance requiring and enjoining such Minister to abstain from the Exercise ' and Discharge of all Ministerial- Functions of his Office as Minister of the Parish Until the Libel shall have been fully investigated: and' finally disposed of; and in the event of an Appeal against such Deliverance the same shall continue in force until the same shall have been recalled by the Court of Appeal; and the Ordinances of Religion in the said Parish shall, so loag^as such Deliverance is nnreoalled, be administered in the same Way as if the Parish were vacant by the Decease of the Minister thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Bight of such Minister to his Stipend.

2. When, in the course of any Judicial Process affecting the Status of a Minister, or on the Representation of any Party having Interest, it has been established to the Satisfaction of a Presbytery or other Superior "Court of the Church, on a Certificate by the Sheriff of the County, which he is hereby authorized to grant after due Investigation, that the Minister of any Parish is insane; and thereby disabled from discharging the Duties of his Office, it is hereby further declared and enacted, that it is and shall be the Right of the

unless an Arrangement for the Purposes after mentioned shall have been made, qu behalf .of* the said Minister to the Satisfaction of the Presbytery, to appoint a qualified: Assistant to perform the Duties of the Charge until the said Minister shall be enabled to respipe the same, or until the Parish shall be declared vacant, and at the same Time to; apportion and fix, by their Deliverance appointing euph Assistant, an Allowance out of the Stipend pot exceeding One Half of, the whole Proceeds of the Benefice, and which shall payable so long os such Assistant shall hold and continue to act on his Appointment by the Presbytery; and such Deliverance, when duly intimated to the; , ^Heritors qr; others liable in Payment of the Stipend, shall be equivalent, to a legal find j, .t^cp^plet^ed Assignation by the Minister to such Assistant of the Portion of tlier Stjipend i, ^specified jj *, the Deliverance so long as the said Deliverance shall, subsistProved, fr, slpdl at all Times be competent to such. Minister to apply to, the Presbjyt^y to* be

; , restored tq the Dpties of his .Office , <m the Ground, of his Recovery, and the Presbytery, on being satisfied that such Minister has recovered, shall recall th^ Deliverance, and from the Date of such Recall all Right and Interest under the Deliverance shall cease and determine.

i *; Ii >, \, I } \ f. i,

3. When, by their final Sentence upon a Libel, a Presbytery or other Church Court shall suspend a Minister from the Discharge of the Duties of his Office for a Term specified in the said Sentence, it is hereby further declared and enacted, that it is and shall be held to be the Right of the Presbytery to appoint a qualified Assistant to discharge the said Duties, and to apportion and fix an Allowance to such Assistant out of the Stipend not exceeding One Half of the whpl£ Proceeds pt the Benefice, and which shall be payable so long as such Assistant shall hold and continue to act on his Appointment by the Presbytery, and such Sentence, when idirfy; intimatedthe. Heritors or others liable

» (*ArPayment' off the Stipeadj, tehali l^deqiuiv^dent tio ja/legal and^ edm^eted Assignation, by , tbp^mis^er to su^h Assistant jof the, Proportion of ^he Stipend specified, in the

htini 4; Where inunv Cause depending before a Prosbyteiy of oilier SuperiorCourt of the ^hOburoUn Proof shall hive been allowed, ! ifcAhall be lhwftil jffidtooifipet^ntforf Such Court to ' lattpcfint aqta&lrtetlPersoh being on Advocate, ' Writer fo; the Signet* Solicitor befote the t^Supteiiih'Cotirts^ or a Procuratordulyentered as nPractittorier in aay Sheriff Court ' faS#xtta?td, 'ofwotiiedsfhan 'Thrfcfe Years standing, to art with them for tbo Purpose 1 i-bP'dictating >te Clerk off Court the "Rvideiicc given by tbfe Witnesses examined in 1 'the Ooursb of the Proof, and the Oath Dcfideli adfomistratiooie offi6li shall be administered ' v by the»M4derhtor to any Person so' appointed; and it nhali bo lawful and eorripetent 1 Vrcm \ r *1 E; e . -; , for

»Vvi >

When a Libel found relevant against a Minister, Presbytery may require and enjoin him to abstain from the Discharge of his Functions.

When a Minister has become insane, Presbytery to appoint an Assistant.

Provision in case of a Minister being suspended.

Church Court may appoint a Person to dictate the Evidence of Witnesses, or appoint a Shorthand Writer to take it down.

218 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 47, 48.

for such Court, if it see fit, to appoint the Evidence of the Witnesses examined in the course of such Proof to be taken down by a Writer skilled in Shorthand Writing, to whom the Oath De fideli administratione officii shall be administered; and the said Shorthand Writer shall afterwards, and within such Time as maybe fixed by the Court, write out in full the Evidence so taken down by him in Shorthand; and the extended Notes, so written out, certified by the Moderator and Clerk of Court to be correct, shall be the Record of the oral Evidence in the Cause: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Church Court, if it see fit, from taking down and recording the Evidence adduced in any Cause, according to the Form hitherto in use.

CAP. XLVIII.

26 & 27 Vict c. 8.

An Act to repeal the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's European e Forces in India should from henceforth be subject to the Provisions of such Acts (for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion as may from Time to Time be passed for f the Government of Her Majesty's General Forces: And whereas Provision has been ' made in that Behalf in the Act cc for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters," which has been passed in the present Session ' of Parliament:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

20 & 21 Vict l# The Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, for c. 66. repealed, pushing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service, is hereby repealed.

Offences against repealed Act, and Articles of War made under it, and all existing Proceedings, continued.

Not to affect Provisions of 7 & 8 Vict c. 28.

Commencement of Act *

2. All Crimes and Offences which shall have been committed against the said Act hereby repealed, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may be inquired of and punished in like Manner arf if they had been committed against the said Mutiny Act of this present Session, and every Warrant or Order for holding any Court-martial under the said repealed Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant or Order shall be still continued: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to Ge tried or punished for any Offence against the said repealed Act, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant or Order for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice, within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

3. Nothing in this Act, or in the said Mutiny Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall affect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Demits as to the Power of appointing, convening, and confirming the Sentences of Courts-martial in the East Indies, and all the Provisions thereof shall remain in force, unless and except they may be in any respect inapplicable.

4. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, or from and after any earlier Day whereon the said

219

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 48, 49.

said Mutiny Act passed in the present Session of Parliament may become and be in full Force in India, and from and after such Day as aforesaid the Articles of War made by Her Majesty in pursuance of the said repealed Act shall cease and determine; provided nevertheless, that full Effect shall be given to the Provisions herein-before contained respecting the Punishment of Offences against the said repealed Act and otherwise as herein-before is mentioned, mid that, so far as may be necessary to give full Effect to such Provisions, the wid repealed Act, and the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, shall be deemed to be in full Force.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of Not to affect War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, ^t^atters» or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers Native Indian or Followers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, being Natives of India. Officers and

Soldiers.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act giving Power to sell and dispose of Lands, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to purchase other Lands to be annexed thereto, and to regulate future Grants of Leases of the Possessions of the said Duchy; and for other Purposes.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the original Constitution of the Duchy of Cornwall the Possessions ' thereof were so settled and limited that they should at no Time be in anywise sepa-

rated or alienated therefrom: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Session of 5 & 6 Vict.

Parliament held in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Two, by

which the Power to make Leases and Grants of the Possessions of the said Duchy, upon the Terms and Conditions in that Act specified, was given or confirmed to His Royal c Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall: And whereas by an Act ' passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of

Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five, certain Powers of selling and exchanging Lands ' and enfranchising Copyholds, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and for f purchasing other Lands, were conferred on the Council of His Royal Highness during His ' Minority: And whereas it is expedient with a view to the Consolidation and more advantageous Management of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall that the Possessor for the

Time being of the said Duchy should, subject to the Restrictions herein-after mentioned, (have Power to make sale and dispose of the Possessions of the said Duchy, and to grant c Leases thereof, and that certain Regulations regarding Leases of the Possessions of the ' said Duchy should be established by Law in the Manner herein after appearing Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

c. 2.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 65.

1, The said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Two, 5 & 6 Vict and the Fourth Section of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleventh J^tTof a&d Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three, shall be and nc& i2°vict the same are hereby repealed. c. 83. repealed.

2* There shall be a Seal, to be called "The Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall," which shall be held from Time to Time by the Personage for the Time being entitled to the calied°"The Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or by Borne Person lawfully appointed to be the Seal of the Keeper thereof Duchy of

wvtwwwi. Cornwall."

3. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, Power of Sale at any Time or Times hereafter, within a Period of Thirty-one Years from the passing of this Act, to dispose of, either by way of absolute Sale, or for a limited Period, or by way of Enfranchisement of any Copyhold or Customary Tenements, to any Person any Part of the

220 . 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement may be made subject to any Reservations, Exceptions, and Restrictions, and in consideration of either a gross Sum of Money or an annual Sum, or partly of a gross Sum of Money and partly of an annual Sum, and where such Consideration shall consist either wholly or in part of an annual Sum of Money the same shall, in the Case of an absolute Alienation in Fee, be perpetual, and in case of an Alienation for a limited Period only, be payable during the Continuance of the Estate or Interest to be parted with, such annual Sum to be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Possessions which shall be the Subject of such Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement; and in determining the Amount of such Consideration the Circumstances attending any disputed Right or Claim, and the Outlay (if any) which may have been previously made in reclaiming, building upon, inclosing, or otherwise improving the Premises intended to be sold, disposed of, or enfranchised, may be taken into account, and an Abatement or Allowance made in respect thereof, as to the Duke of Cornwall shall seem fair and reasonable; and the aforesaid Power of Enfranchisement shall include the Enfranchisement of Copyhold Tenements held for a Life or Lives, and authorize the Conveyance of the Fee Simple of the Freehold thereof.

Mode of carry- 4. On every such Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement, where the Consideration for the ing Sales into game shall be wholly or in part a Sum of Money in gross, the Amount thereof shall be paid ect* into the Bank of England, and the Cashiers of the Bank of England, or One of them,

shall, upon the Production of any Note signed by the Keeper of the Records of the Duchy of Cornwall or his Deputy, specifying the Sum to be so paid, and that it is to be so paid to the Account of the said Duchy, accept and receive the same, and carry the same to the Account aforesaid (which Account the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open), and give ti Receipt for the same without Fee or Reward; and where the Consideration for such Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement shall be wholly or in part an annual Sum of Money, such annual Sum shall considered, and dealt with as forming Part of the Revenues of the Dycliy of Cornwall; and such annual Sum may be made subject to Repurchase or Rcdemptipu at such Tftmee and for shch gross Sum of Money as to the Duke of Cormoall shall seem reasonable and expedient; /and in the event of such Repurchase or Redemption the Money to be paid for; the same shall be paid into the Bank of England, and dealt with in the same Manner as if the same had arisen from a Sale for a gross Sum of Money in the first instance. .-i

Form of 5. The Grant or other Assurance for carrying such Sale, 'Disposal; or Enfranchisement

Assurance. into effect shall be by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall, and where the Consideration for the same shall be wholly or in part a gross Sum of Money, a Memorandum shall be endorsed on such Deed, and signed by the Auditor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cormoall acknowledging that the Amount of such gross Sum of Money has been duly paid into the Bank of England in the Manner herein-before directed, and specifying the Date of Payment; and every such Deed, after the same shall have been enrolled in the Manner herein-after provided, shall be valid and effectual against the Duke of Cornwall, and sufficient to vest in the Person therein named as the Grantee the Possessions expressed to be thereby granted, disposed of, or enfranchised, either absolutely and in Fee Simple, or for such less Estate or Interest as shall be therein expressed to be parted with, subject

only to such Reservations, Exceptions, Restrictions, and Conditions as shall be therein

contained, to such Uses, and upon and for such Trusts (if any) as shall in and by such Grant or Assurance, or by reference therein to any other Instrument, be expressed or declared of or concerning the same, and shall be an effectual Discharge for the Purchase or Consideration Money in such Deed expressed to have been paid; and such Deed and the Memorandum of Acknowledgment (if any) to be endorsed thereon as aforesaid may be according to the Form applicable to the Case set forth in the Schedule annexed to this Act, or any other Form which may be deemed more convenient.

Remedy for 6. Where the Consideration for any such Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement shall consist amnnaf^umR. e^er wholly or in port of an annual Sum of Money, either perpetual or to continue for a limited Period only, the Duke of Cormoall shall and may have and exercise all such Powers and Remedies for the recovering and obtaining Payment of every such annual Sum as such Duke of Cornwall might have and exercise if such annual Sum were a Rent Service

reserved

221

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

reserved on a Demise or Lease made by the Duke of Cornwall of the Possessions out of or in respect of which such annual Sum shall be reserved or made payable; and the Duke of Power to Cornwall, on the Repurchase or Redemption of any such annual Sum or any Part thereof, p^naof the raay, by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall, release the whole, or, in the Case Lands charge-of a partial Repurchase or Redemption, a proportionate or other Part of the Land or able. Hereditaments chargeable therewith, from all future Payments of such annual Sum, or Part thereof, as the Case may be, and from all Claims and Demands in respect thereof.

7. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall at any Time or Times hereafter to Power to pur-purchase any Manors, Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Mines, Minerals, Tene- chase Lands* ments, or Hereditaments in England in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Tenements

of Inheritance the Freehold of which shall be Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Rents, Pensions, Annuities, Rights of Common or Mining, or other Charges or Rights, and all such Manors, Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Mines,

Minerals, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Annuities, Rights of Common and Mining, and other Charges and Rights so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, released, or surrendered to the Duke of Cornwall, and the Conveyance or other Assurance thereof may be either according to the Form for that Purpose set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, or in any other Form which shall be more convenient; and all Manors, Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Mines, Minerals, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, and shall not be extinguished by the Conveyance, Release, or Surrender thereof, shall, on the Completion of the respective Purchases thereof, become to all Intents and Purposes Part and Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, and be subject to the same Limitations, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities in every respect, including the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained* as the other Possessions of the said Duchy.

8. All gross Sums of Money to arise and be received under the Authority of this Act Application of for or in respect of any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement of any of the Possessions of the th? Monies said Duchy shall be dpplied in the Payment of the Expenses on the Part of the Duke of sai^&c! Cornwall of or relating to such Sale, IMspo^al, of Enfranchisement, and in Payment of the Purchase Monies of an^ Manors, Lordships, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Mines, Minerals,

Tenements, Hereditaments, Rental Pensions, Annuities, 'Rights 6f Commonor Mining, or

other Charges or Rights to be purchased undeir the Authority of this Act, and in Payment of the Expenses in or relating to such Purchases, or in the Redemption of Land Tax chargeable upon or affecting any of the Possessions for the; Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, and the Expenses attending the same; and all Contracts for guph Redemption may be entered into by the Lord Warden for the Time being of thq Stannaries in Cornwall and Devon, or such other Person as the Duke of Cornwall shall or may, by Sign Manual Warrant or otherwise, nominate or depute for that Purpose; and any Part of such gross Sums of Money may be from Time to Time advanced and applied for the Purpose of permanently improving the Possessions for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, by Inclosure or by erecting Buildings or executing Drainage or other Works thereon: Provided always, that all Sums so to be advanced for Improvements shall be a Charge upon and be repaid from the Revenues of the said Duchy to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall at the Bank of England by annual Instalments of not less than One Thirtieth Part thereof in every Year, and it shall be the Duty of the Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall and he is hereby required to see that such annual Instalments are paid accordingly; and such annual Instalments shall be applicable in like Manner as if the same had been Sums of Money arising by Sales of Parts of the Possessions of the Duchy for gross Sums under the Powers of Sale herein-before contained: Provided always, that the Amount advanced for Improvements as aforesaid, and not repaid, shall not at any One Time exceed the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds.

9. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall from Time to Time, on the Extinguish- Power to grant ment, by Surrender or otherwise, of any Leasehold, Copyhold, Customary, or other out- Annuities in standing Interest in any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, to give and grant to Bunendned* the Lessee or other Person entitled to the Estate or Interest so to be extinguished,

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, to be

payable

Provision as to Settlement of disputed Rights.

Sales, &c. to be made under Warrant from the Treasury.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

payable during the Period for which the Estate or Interest, if not so extinguished, would have continued, or for such other Period as to the Duke of Cornwall shall appear expedient, and to be issuing out of and chargeable upon the Possessions in which such Estate or Interest shall have existed, and the Deed for carrying such Arrangement into effect shall be under the Seal of the Duchy of Comically and may be in the Form for that Purpose contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act, or in any other Form which shall be more convenient; and the Grantee of such Annuity or yearly Sum, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have and may exercise the same Remedies for recovering and enforcing Payment thereof by Distress and Entry upon the Hereditaments to be charged therewith as if it had been a Rent Service reserved upon a common Demise of the same Hereditaments; but no Right of Action or Suit against the Duke of Cornwall shall accrue to any Person in consequence of the Nonpayment of any such Annuity or yearly Sum.

10. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall to make or sanction such Arrangement as may from Time to Time be considered expedient for the Settlement of any Question which may arise touching or concerning the Boundary or Extent of any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Title to any Property, or to any Right of Common, Right of Way, Water Right, or other Right whatsoever being or reputed or claimed to be Parcel of or appurtenant to the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall or to any Right exercised or claimed to be exercised in, over, or upon any Part of the Possessions or reputed Possessions of the said Duchy, or touching or concerning any other Matter having relation to or affecting the same Possessions or any of them, and for that Purpose, by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall, in such Form as may be deemed expedient, to give up or relinquish or to admit the Title to any such Property or Right, and in case of any such Relinquishment or Admission to accept any Land, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Sum of Money in lieu of or by way of Consideration for the Property or Right the Title to which shall be so relinquished or admitted, and to authorize the Payment from Time to Time to any Person of any Rents or other Profits to be derived from, or any Purchase Monies to be received on account of the Sale of, any such Property or Right or any Portion thereof respectively, and any Person claiming to be entitled in possession, either for Life or for any greater Estate, and either at Law or in Equity, to the Rents and Profits or the Interest or Income or the Use and Enjoyment of any such Property or Right, may enter into any Agreement for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and when any Deed, Agreement, or Writing effecting or purporting to effect any such Arrangement as aforesaid shall have been enrolled as hereinafter mentioned, the same shall be binding and conclusive on the Duke of Cornwall and every Party in anywise interested or claiming to be interested in the Subject Matter thereof, and any Land, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Money so to be accepted by the Duke of Cornwall shall be considered and treated as Property purchased by the Duke of Cornwall, or, as the Case may be, as Money arising from a Sale for a gross Sum of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall under the Powers of this Act

1L No Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement under the Powers herein-before contained, nor any Charge, or Arrangement by way of Compromise, of, upon, or concerning any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, nor any Repurchase or Redemption of an annual Sum reserved or made payable on any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement under the Powers of this Act, nor any Purchase under the Powers of this Act, except where the Consideration,

Eayable upon such Purchase shall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, shall e made, and no Capital Monies shall be applied for the Purpose of Improvements under the Power herein-before in that Behalf contained, without the previous Sanction and Approval of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or some Two or more of them, to be signified by some Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands; and such Sanction and Approval may be given either for any particular Class of Cases, or for any particular Sale, Disposal, Enfranchisement, Charge, Arrangement by way of Compromise, Purchase, or Outlay for the Purpose of Improvements, and either with or without any Condition or Restriction, as to the said Lord High Treasurer, on the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Two of them, shall seem meet

12. All

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49. 223

12. All Payments out of the Monies which shall have been paid into the Bank of England Payments to be to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall under the Authority of this Act, shall be made by Draft under the Hands of some Three Persons, or Three out of a larger Number of England, Persons (being Councillors in or about the Affairs of the said Duchy, or regular Officers of the said Duchy, who by virtue of their several Appointments and Offices are concerned in the general Superintendence and Management of the Revenues and Affairs of the said Duchy,) whom the Duke of Cornwall shall, by Sign Manual Warrant, authorize in that Behalf, and Drafts so drawn shall be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Person or to the Order of the Person mentioned in such Drafts, or the Bearer of them.

13. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall to cause any Monies to arise or be Sums arising received from or in respect of any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement of any of the Posses- ftom Sal?s sions of the said Duchy, and which may not be immediately wanted for any of the Purposes di^ely to which the same are hereby made applicable, to be laid out in the meantime in the to be invested Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Name or to the Account m ih* Three of the Duchy of Cornwall, in which Name or to which Account the Governor and Company per ents* of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities to be so purchased, and such Transfers may be accepted by some Officer of the said Duchy, or by some other Person authorized in that Behalf by the Duke of Cornwall.

14. The Dividends on the Stocks and Annuities to be purchased as last aforesaid shall from Time to Time, as the said Dividends shall become due, be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Receiver General of the said Duchy, or his Deputy or lawfully authorized Attorney, and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and shall be from Time to Time accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the other Revenues of the said Duchy.

15. When and so often as it shall be necessary or expedient to raise any Sum of Money for any Purpose to which Monies to be received under the Authority of this Act from any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement of the Possessions of the said Duchy are hereby made applicable, it shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall from Time to Time to direct the Sale of all or any Part of the said Bank Annuities so to be purchased in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall as aforesaid, and the Monies produced by the Sale of such Bank Annuities shall be paid into the Bank of England, and be placed to the Credit of the Duchy of Cornwall, and shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner and for the same Purposes as and considered in all respects as Part of the Monies to be received under the Authority of this Act for or in respect of any Sale for a gross Sum of Money of any of the Possessions of the said Duchy.

16. All Sums of Stock which shall be sold under the Provisions hereinbefore contained may be transferred by any Person to be appointed for that Purpose by any Letter of Attorney under the Hands and Seals of some Three of the Persons authorized to sign Drafts as aforesaid, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required to permit all such Transfers to be so made, and shall be and they are hereby exonerated and precluded from seeing or inquiring whether the Bank Annuities sold were duly and properly sold for the Purposes and in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise as to the Propriety or Regularity of the Sale or Transfer thereof.

17. All Monies which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be standing to the Credit of the Account of the Duke of Cornwall at the Bank of England, or which shall be payable to the Credit of that Account, or may be received upon any Sale of any Part of the Possessions of the said Duchy under the Provisions of any other Act of Parliament, shall be considered as forming Part of the Monies arising from a Sale of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall under the Provisions of this Act, and be carried over or placed to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall at the Bank of England, and shall be dealt with accordingly; and all Bank Annuities which at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be standing in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall in the Books of the Governor and Company

of

Application of Dividends.

Stocks purchased may be sold when Funds are required.

Transfer of Stock may be made under Power of Attorney.

Monies and Stock standing in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall at the Bank of England to be treated as arising under this Act.

Power to refer Disputes to Arbitration.

Porch as ers, &c. not to be bonnd to see that Provisions of the Act have been complied with;

nor to see to the Application of the Purchase Money.

Power to grant Leases for 31 Years, without Fine.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

of the Bank of England shall be considered as having been purchased with Monies arising from a Sale of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall under the Provisions of this Act, and be transferred to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, and be dealt with accordingly; and all Orders and Letters of Attorney which may be required by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for effecting any such carrying over or Transfer may be under the Hands or under the Hands and Seals of some Three of the Persons authorized to sign Drafts as aforesaid.

18. In case of any Difference between the Duke of Cornwall and any Person whomsoever as to the Terms of any Arrangement for the Settlement of any Question which may arise touching or concerning the Boundary or Extent of any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Title to any Property, or to any Bight of Common, Bight of Way, Water Bight, or other Bight whatsoever, being or reputed or claimed to be Parcel of or appurtenant to the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Title to any Bight exercised or claimed to be exercised in, over, or upon any Part of the Possessions or reputed Possessions of the said Duchy, or touching or concerning any other Matter having relation to or affecting the same Possessions, or any of them, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall, with such Sanction and Approval of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of the Treasury as is hereinbefore mentioned, to authorize the same to be referred to the Arbitration or Arbitration and Umpirage of such One or more Person or Persons, and upon such Terms and in such Manner in all respects as the Duke of Cornwall shall think fit, and for that Purpose to authorize such Agreement for Reference to be entered into on behalf of the Duke of Cornwall as may be deemed advisable; and the Award to be made in pursuance of any such Reference, when enrolled as herein after mentioned, shall be binding and conclusive on the Duke of Cornwall and every other Party to the Reference, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such other Party.

19. No Person claiming under any Deed, Instrument, or Assurance which shall be made or purport to be made under the Powers herein-before contained shall be bound to inquire whether the Provisions of this Act have been duly complied with or not, or whether the Transaction to which such Deed, Instrument, or Assurance shall relate has been in fact authorized by this Act or not, or whether it has or has not been within the Provisions and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, but every such Deed, Instrument, or Assurance shall, when enrolled in the Manner herein-after provided, be good, valid, and effectual as against the Duke of Cornwall for the Purposes for which the same shall have been executed.

20. No Person paying any Sum of Money under the Authority or supposed Authority of this Act, or in pursuance of or purporting to be in pursuance of any Provision herein contained, shall be bound to see to the Application or be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Money so paid.

21. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall, by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall, to demise or grant any Manors, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Time being, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, (including Mines and Quarries, whether opened or not, with Power to the Grantee to work, get, carry away, and dispose of the Minerals found therein, and to do all Acts necessary or expedient for working, getting, carrying away, and disposing of the same Minerals, or any of them,) for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Thirty-one Years in possession, but not in reversion, so that upon every such Demise, where the Subject Matter thereof shall consist of Land or Property other than Mines or Minerals, there shall be reserved the full and fhir annual Bent of the Property to be comprised therein, to be incident to the immediate Bcversion of or in the Premises to be thereby demised without taking any Fine or Consideration in the Nature of a Fine for the granting thereof; and where the Subject Matter of such Demise or Grant shall be Mines or Minerals, that then upon every such Demise or Grant there shall be reserved a reasonable Amount of Kent, Royalty, Dues, Toll, or Dish, without taking any Fine or Consideration in the Nature of a Fine for the granting thereof.

22. It

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49. 225

22. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall, by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy Power to grant of Cornwall, to demise any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Time being, 90

Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy, for any Term of Years not exceeding the purposes of Term of Ninety-nine Years in possession, but not in reversion, with a view to the Improve- improvement, ment thereof by the Erection of new Buildings or the Repair of existing Buildings thereon, without Fme-or in the Case of open or unimproved or waste Lands, by the Inclosure or Cultivation thereof, or otherwise, so as that upon every such Demise there shall be reserved a fair annual Rent to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises to be thereby demised, without taking any Fine or Consideration in the Nature of a Fine for the granting thereof, and so that in every such Demise there shall be contained a Covenant on the Part of the Lessee for the Execution or Performance of the particular Improvements in consideration of which such Demise shall be granted.

23. Provided always, That the Restrictions herein-before contained against taking any Fine or Consideration in the Nature of a Fine on the granting of Leases of the Possessions of the said Duchy shall not apply to or affect any Disposal for a limited Period, in consideration wholly or in part of a gross Sum of Money, of any Part or Parts of the Possessions of the said Duchy which may be made in any special Case under the Powers herein-before contained, with such Sanction and Approval of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of the Treasury as herein-before is mentioned, and under which the gross Sum received as the whole or in part of such Consideration will be treated as Capital Money.

Fines may be taken in special Cases with the Consent of the Treasury.

24. All Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements contained in any Lease or Grant made in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act shall be as good and effectual in Law, according to the Words and Contents of the same, as if the Duke of Cornwall at the Time of making any such Lease or Grant were seised of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in the Hereditaments to be thereby granted.

Covenants in Leases to be as effectual as if the Duke of Cornwall had an absolute Estate.

25. It shall not be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall at any Time hereafter to make any Leases not to Grant of any Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Lives or Life of tje otherwise any Person or Persons, or for any Term of Years determinable with any Lives or Life Tems°of other: than the Lives or Life of some Person or Persons for whose Lives or Life some Years except adjacent Lands, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy, shall be held at the Time ^certain of the passing of this Act, and then not for any longer Term than Thirty-one Years, as8, determinable with such last-mentioned Lives or Life.

26. Leases of any Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall may be granted New Leases in consideration of the Surrender of any outstanding Estate held for Life, or for any Term

of Years, either absolute or determinable with any Lives or Life, and in determining the derof existing Amount of Rent to be reserved in such new Lease the Value of the Interest to be Interests, surrendered may be taken into account, and the Acceptance of such Surrender shall not be considered as taking a Fine.

27. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall to accept a Surrender of any Lease of The Duke of

any of the Possessions of the said Duchy, and by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall may Cornwall to grant separate Leases of the whole or any Part of the Hereditaments com- render of any prised in such surrendered Leaue for the Residue of the Term for which such Heredita- Lease and ments were held under sudh Lease, and to apportion the Rent thereby reserved. grmtseparate

28. Whenever a Surrender shall be made of any existing Lease of any of the Posses- Concurrence of sions of the said Duchy for the Purpose of taking a npw Leasp or peases, the new Lease ^der'^n or Leases shall be taken to be a Renewal of the surrendered Lease, within , tl\$ Scope.and aSurrender°D Meaning of the Sixth Section of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of King George the for obtaining a Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, and new Grant for the more easy Recovery of Rents and Renewals of Leases, $q far ads to render unnecessary

the Surrender of any Under-lease previously fto the gran, tipg of such new Lease or Leases, and to give full Effect to every such new Lease in all respects, notwithstanding any Underlease may not be surrendered.

26 & 27 Vict. F f 29. Where

Severance of Reversion not to prejudice Condition of Re-entry, &c.

Deeds, &c. to be enrolled.

Keeper of Records to enrol Deeds, &c. in order of Time, and to certify Enrolment.

Deeds, &c. so enrolled not to require Enrolment in Courts of Law, &o. c.

Certain Enrolments may be made nunc pro tunc.

Power to appoint a Person to enter into Contracts.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

29. Where any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall which may be or have been sold, disposed of, or granted shall have formed Part of Property comprised in any Lease, all Rights under Covenants, and the Power of Re-entry and other Powers and Conditions contained in such Lease, shall remain in full Force, so far as the same may be applicable to the Residue of the Property comprised therein, and not be prejudicially affected by the Severance of the Reversion although no Apportionment of the Rent reserved on such Lease shall take place.

30. Every Deed or Instrument whereby any Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Mines, Minerals, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Rents, Pensions, Annuities, Rights of Common or Mining, or other Charges or Rights, shall be purchased under the Powers of this Act, or any of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall shall be sold, disposed of, enfranchised, exchanged, leased, licensed to be demised, granted, charged, or released, and every Agreement for Reference or Submission to Arbitration under the Powers of this Act, and every Award made pursuant to any such Reference or Submission to Arbitration shall within Six Months after the Date thereof respectively be enrolled in the Office of the Duchy of Cornwall

3L The Keeper of the Records of the Duchy of Cornwall shall enrol every Deed and other Instrument hereby directed to be enrolled in the Office of the said Duchy in order of Time as the same shall respectively be brought to the said Office for that Purpose, and certify under his Hand, or under the Hand of his Deputy for the Time being, upon the said Deed or other Instrument when enrolled the Fact of* such Enrolment having been made and the Date of such Enrolment.

32. Every such Deed or other Instrument shall, when so enrolled as herein-before directed, without any Enrolment or Registration thereof in any Court of Law or Equity, be as good and available and of the like Force and Effect in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been or was enrolled or registered in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery or in any other of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, any Act, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Memorandum of such Enrolment written on such Deed or other Instrument, and purporting to be signed by the Keeper of the Records of the said Duchy or his Deputy, shall be Evidence that the same has been duly enrolled according to the Purport and Effect of such Memorandum and to the Provisions of this Act.

33. In all Cases where the Enrolment of any Deed or other Instrument in the Office of the Duchy of Cornwall has been or shall be omitted or delayed beyond the Period provided for the Enrolment thereof, either by this Act or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall, or any Person whom the Duke of Cornwall shall by Sign Manual Warrant appoint to act in that Behalf, or, in the Absence of such Appointment, for the Keeper for the Time being of the Records of the Duchy of Cornwall, upon reasonable Cause being shown for the Omission or Delay, to direct or permit the making of any such Enrolment nunc pro tunc, and every such Enrolment when made shall be as valid and effectual as if made within the Period limited for that Purpose either by this Act or otherwise.

34. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall at any Time and from Time to Time, by Sign Manual Warrant or otherwise, to nominate and depute any Person to enter into and make any Contract or Agreement touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done under the Authority of this Act, but the Party claiming as against the Duke of Cornwall under any Contract or Agreement relating to the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall shall only be entitled to enforce in Equity by Suit against the Keeper of the Records of the said Duchy a specific Performance of such Contract or Agreement, and the Duke of Cornwall shall not be personally liable to any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding in consequence thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing done or purporting to be done under the Authority of tins Act, or for any Omission or otherwise, and the Keeper of the Records of the said Duchy shall be indemnified out of the Revenues of the said Duchy against the Costs, Expenses, and Losses of and attending or incurred by any Suit against him as aforesaid.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49. 227

35. And whereas by the Twenty-fifth Section of the said Act of the Seventh and Proviso as to

Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five, Power is given Grants of

\ to His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, His to

Heirs and Successors, to grant Licences to Copyhold or Customary Tenants within

any Manors Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall to improve their c Tenements and demise the same in manner therein mentioned, and by the Twenty-c seventh Section of the same Act it is enacted, amongst other things, that no Grant

shall be made under the Powers of that Act without such Sanction and Approval on the Part of the Treasury as therein mentioned Be it declared and enacted, That all Licences by the Twenty-fifth Section of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five, authorized to be granted, may be made and granted by the Steward of the Manor of which the Premises to which the same shall relate are Parcel, in such Manner as any Licence to demise may by the Custom of such Manor be made or granted; and that the Power thereby given is not intended to diminish or prejudicially affect the Power of granting Licences previously sanctioned by the Usage or Custom of the Manor, and that the Word " Grant" contained in the Twenty-seventh Section of the same Act is not intended to apply to the Grant of any Licence granted under the Authority of that Act.

86. It shall be lawful for the Duke of Cornwall at any Time or Times hereafter, out of Power to grant the Lands and Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall to grant any Building proper to be Jf^hurche^8 used as or converted into a Church or Chapel or a School for the Education of poor Persons;

and mj Ground proper for the Site of any Church or Chapel, with or without a Cemetery or Banal Ground thereto; and any Ground proper for a Cemetery or Burial Ground to any Church or Chapel; and any House with its Appurtenances, and with or without a Garden thereto, proper for the Residence of the Spiritual Person who may serve any Church or Chapel, or of the Master or Mistress of any such School; and any Ground proper for the Site or Sites of any such Residence or School; and also to grant any Building or Site for a Building solely for the Celebration of Divine Service by any Denomination of non-conforming Christians, so that in every such last-mentioned Grant the Denomination of Christians to or for whom it shall be granted shall be specified: Provided that not more tfym One Acre nor Premises of greater Value than Two hundred Pounds be granted in any particular Parish or Place for any One of the Purposes aforesaid; but this Restriction shall not apply where the Excess in Value over the Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner herein-before provided in the Case of a Sale for a gross Sum of Money, or where such Excess shall be compensated for by an annual Sum of Money reserved upon the Grant and made payable to the Duke of Cornwall as Part of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall; and in estimating the Value of the Property to be granted, no Account shall be taken of the Value of any Building the Cost of which shall have been defrayed by public Subscription, or which may have been previously erected solely with the view of being used for the Purpose to which the same is proposed to be devoted by the Grant; and every Grant which shall be made by the Duke of Cornwall for any of the Purposes specified in this Section shall be made by Deed under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall; and every such Grant, when enrolled in the Office of the Duchy of Cornwall, shall be valid and effectual against the Duke of Cornwall, and sufficient to vest in the Person, Body Politic or Corporate, to be therein named as Grantee, the Premises expressed to be thereby granted; and every such Grantee, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Successors, shall, by force of this Act, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin or Possession of the Premises in such Grant specified, and shall have full Capacity and Ability to and shall take, hold, and eiyoy the same, either absolutely and in perpetuity, or for such limited Estate, Term, or Interest, and under and subject to such Reservations of Rent or other Acknowledgments,

Conditions, or Restrictions, as shall be specified, inserted, directed, or contained in any such Grant, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that when a free Grant or any Grant for a limited Period shall have been made of any Property under the Provisions in this Section contained, and the same shall afterwards cease to be used for the Purpose for which the same shall have been so granted,

F f 2 or

or shall beueed for any other Purpose, such Property, if unconsecrated, shall revert to and again become Parcel of the Possessions of the Dnchy of Cornwall in the same Manner as if no such Grant had been made; and no Grant shall at any Time hereafter be made under the Twenty-sixth Section of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five, which shall be contrary to the Provisions herein-before contained.

interpretation 37. In this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings of Terms. hereby assigned to them, over and above their several ordinary Meanings, unless there shall be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is ^o(

The Word " Person n shall include a Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every other Corporation aggregate or sole:

The Words "Duke of Cornwallshall include His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, also all succeeding Dukes of Cornwall, and also the { Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Time being entitled to the Lands and Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Revenues thereof, during such Time as the Possessions of the said Duchy shall be vested in the Crown:

The Words " Possessions of the Duehy of Cornwall and the Word " Possessions " applied' to the Duchy of Cornwall, shall include Regalities, Hundreds, Castles, Honours, Lordships, Manors, Advowsons, Forests, Chases, Woods, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Rights of Common, Mines, Minerals, Rights of Entry, or other Rights in respect of Mines or Minerals, Rentcharges in lieu of Tithes, Fixtures, Services, Rents, Pensions, Annuities, annual Sums reserved on any Sale, Disposal, or Enfranchisement made under the Powers of this Act, Rights, Privileges, Easements, Possessions, Tenements, and .Hereditaments whatsoever, whether in possession or reversion. Parcel or reputed Or-claimed to be Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same:

The Word "Minerals" shall include all Minerals, whether metallic or not. Stone, and Substrata of every Description.

Proviso for Exercise of Powers when a Duke of Cornwall is under 21 Years of Age.

38. The Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities hereby made exerciseable by the Duke of Cornwall, or which shall otherwise be exerciseable by the Duke of Cornwall, shall be exerciseable during such Time as any future Duke of Cornwall shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, in the Name and on behalf of such Duke of Cornwall, by the Sovereign of the United Kingdom for the Time being as Guardian of such Duke, or by any Persons acting under the Authority of the Sovereign of the United Kingdom for the Time being; and all Acts, Matters, and Things to be done in the Name and on behalf of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being who shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years by the Sovereign of the United Kingdom as such Guardian, or by any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the Sovereign in pursuance of and in conformity with the Powers or Authorities to them in that Behalf committed by the Sovereign, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law as if the same had been and were done, and the same shall to all Intents and Purposes be taken to have been done, by such Duke of Cornwall himself in his own proper Person, and at his full Age of Twenty-one Years; and the Appointment of the Persons to act as aforesaid in the Name and on behalf of any such Duke of Cornwall may be from Time to Time made by the Sovereign, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to be countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom: Provided always, that all Offices, Appointments, and Employments relating to the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Possessions thereof, given or bestowed during such Time as any Duke of Cornwall shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, which may by Law be given or bestowed during Pleasure, shall be determinable by Such Duke of Cornwall at any Time after he shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years.

Proviso for Exercise of Powers when the Duchy of Cornwall is

39. Whenever there shall not for the Time being be any Duke of Cornwall, it shall be lawful for the Sovereign for the Time being from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to be countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom, to authorize such and so many of the regular

26° & 27° VICTORIAfi, . c. 49 . 229

Officers of the said Duchy, who by virtue of their several Appointments and Offices vested in the may be .concerned in the general Superintendence and Management of the Revenues and Crowxl-Affairs of the said Duchy, or any other Persons, being not more than Five and not less than Three in Number, as the Sovereign may think fit, in the Name and on behalf of the Sovereign, to exercise all or any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities which are by this Act made exerciseable or which shall otherwise for the Time being be exerciseable by the Sovereign in relation to the said Duchy, and to commit to any One or more of the v^ular Officers authorized to act in the Name and on behalf of the Sovereign as afor&lind the Custody of the Seal of the said Duchy.

40. Nothing in this Act contained shall take away, alter, or prejudice, further or This Act not otherwise than as the same are hereby expressly rescinded or altered, any Powers or to interfere Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign Powe^except of Her present Majesty, or an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh ^here ex-and T^ighth Years of the IJeign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five, or P^iy altered. " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," or ^ny other Act of Parliament heretofore passed and now in force touching or concerning or which may in any way affect the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Revenues or Management thereof, and not hereby expressly repealed.

41. It is hereby expressly declared and enacted, That the Powers vested in the Inclosure Authorizing Commissioners for England and Wales by " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Minerals wider Improvement of Land," for effecting Exchanges of Land, shall, as to any Exchange ind^re Acts, affecting the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, be deemed and construed to authorize a Dealing for the Purpose of such Exchange with Mines and Minerals, and Rights in respect of Mines and Minerals, either with or without any Dealing with the Ownership of the Surface.

[Short Title.]

42. This Act may for any Purpose be cited as "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Conveyance on Sale in consideration of a gross Sum of Money.

Know all Men by these Presents, That we [here insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall] under the Authority of "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, in consideration of the Sum of by A.B. of, $c.,

paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, do by these Presents grant unto and his Heirs [or Successors, as the Case may be,]

all [here describe either in Detail or by Reference the Property sold], together with [insert here the general Words applicable to the particular Description of Property, and in the Case of any Exception or Reservation out of the Grant, add, excepting, nevertheless, and reserving unto the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Duchy of Cornwall [here insert the Particulars of the Mines, Minerals, or other Matter or Thing intended to be excepted or reserved, with appropriate Rights and Powers] ], to have and to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto the said and his Heirs [or Successors, as the Case may be; and here state the Uses, Trusts, or Purposes of the Conveyance as the Case may require; and if the Sale is to be subject to any Restriction or Condition state, but subject to the Condition that, here insert the Particulars of the Restriction or Condition; and if the Sale is of a Rent, annual Sum, Right, or Charge which is intended to be extinguished, in the Place of the Habendum, insert, to the Intent that the said, here insert the Particulars of the Rent, annual Sum, Right, or Charge, shall cease and be extinguished, and the said, describe shortly the Premises which the Rent, annual Sum, Right, or Charge is charged upon or extends over, be absolutely freed and for ever discharged from the same.] In witness whereof we have caused the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall to be duly affixed and set hereto the Day of in the Year of our Lord

The foregoing Form may be used for the Purpose of a free Grant, such Alteration being made therein as the Circumstances of the Case may require.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

Form of Chant for a limited Period in consideration of a gross Sum of Money.

Know all Men by these Presents that we [insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall as in the previous Form of Conveyance] under the Authority of "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," in consideration of the Sum of by A.B. of, 8fc., paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, do by these Presents grant unto all [here describe

either in Detail or by Reference the Property to be granted], together with [insert here the general Words applicable to the particular Description of Property, and add any Exception or Reservation to which the Grant is intended to be subject, as directed in the previous Form of Conveyance], to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto,

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the Case may be,] for the Term of Years from the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and [here state any Trusts or Purposes,

and any Restriction or Condition as directed in the previous Form of Conveyance, and add tiny Covenants which the Circumstances of the Case may require]. In witness whereof We have Caused the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall to be duly affixed and set hereto this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Form of Conveyance on Sale in consideration of an annual Sum of Money.

To all to whom these Presents shall come, [insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall as before directed]. Now these Presents witness that [here insert the short descriptive Title of such Possessor] under the Authority ofi(The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," in consideration of the annual Sum of to be paid as herein-after mentioned, doth hereby grant unto and his

Heirs [or Successors, as the Case may be, '] all [here describe either in Detail or by Reference the Property sold], together with [insert here the general Words applicable to the particular Description of Property, and add any Exception or Reservation out of the Grant, as previously directed], to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto the said

, his Heirs and Assigns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the Case may be], to the Use, Intent, and Purpose that the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Duchy of Cornwall may receive and take a clear annual Sum of to be chargeable

upon, and yearly issuing and payable out of the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be* and to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duoby of Cornwall or his Deputy, by equal half-yearly Payments, without any Deduction in respect of Land Tax or other Taxes, Rates, Chargee, and Impositions whatsoever, except Property or Income Tax, on the Day of and the

Day of in every Year, the first of such half-yearly Payments to be made on the Day of and subject thereto, to the Use [here state the Uses,

Trusts, or Purposes of the Conveyance, and add any Restriction or Condition as the Case may require]. And the said, for himself, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the Case may bej] doth hereby covenant with [insert the short descriptive Title as before], his Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, that he, the said, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, [or Successors

and Assigns, as the Case may be,] will henceforth pay the said annual Sum of at the Times and in manner herein-before appointed for Payment thereof, without any Deduction whatsoever, except as aforesaid. In witness whereof to these Presents the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall hath been duly affixed and set, and the said hath

affixed his Seal and subscribed his Name.

Form of Grant for a limited Period in consideration of an annual Sum of Money *

To all to whom, [as in the previous Form, inserting the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, as previously directed]. Now these Presents witness that [here insert the short descriptive Title ofsueh Possessor], under the Authority of " The

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863/' in consideration of the Bent and Covenants herein-after reserved and contained, doth hereby grant unto all [here describe

the Property, adding the general Words applicable thereto and any Exception or Reservation as previously directed], to hold the Premises hereby granted unto the said his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, [or Successors and Assigns, as the Case may be,] for the Term-of Years from the Day of, yielding

and paying therefor during the said Term unto the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall the clear annual Sum of free from

all Deductions whatsoever, the same to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for $he Time being of the Duohy of Cornwall or his Deputy in equal Sums half-yearly on the Day of and the Day of in every

Year, the first of such half-yearly Payments to be made on the Day of

next [insert the Particulars of any Restriction or Condition, and add a Covenant for Payment, as directed in the previous Form, with such Alteration and such other Covenants as the Circumstances of the Case may require]. In witness whereof to these Presents the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall hath been duly affixed and set, and the hath affixed

his Seal and subscribed his Name.

Form of Enfranchisement in consideration of a gross Sum of Money.

KNOW all Men by these Presents that we [insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall as previously directed], under the Authority of "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," in consideration of the Sum of by A.B.

oft paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, do by these Presents grant and enfranchise unto all [here describe either in Detail or

by Reference the Premises to be enfranchised, including any Rights of Common, Sfc, intended to be comprised in the Grant,] and all Heriots, Quit Rents, Duties, Suits and Service of Court, and all other Customs and Services due and payable for or in respect of the same Premises, or any of them, together with [insert the general Words applicable to the particular Description of Property, excepting and reserving nevertheless unto the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Duchy of Cornwall, here insert the Particulars of the Mines and Minerals or other Matter or Thing intended to be reserved, with appropriate Rights and Powers], to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto the said and his

Heirs, in free and common Socage freed and absolutely discharged from the Copyhold [or Customary] Tenure thereof, and of and from all Rents, Pines, Payments, Heriots, Suits, Customs, and Services incident thereto, or by Custom, Prescription, or otherwise howsoever to be paid, rendered, or performed to the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Duchy of Cornwall for or in respect of the same [if the Enfranchisement is to be subject to any Restriction or Condition add, but subject to the Condition that, here insert the Particulars of the Restriction or Condition, and so subject], to the Use of the said his

Heirs and Assigns, for ever [or to any other Use to which the Grant is intended to mure]. In witness whereof we have caused the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall to be duly affixed and set hereto this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Memorandum of Achnmvledgment to be endorsed on any Deed of Conveyance, Grant, or Enfranchisement in consideration of a gross Sum of Money.

I hereby acknowledge that the Sum of in the within-written Deed

mentioned to have been paid into the Bank of England, was so paid to the Credit of the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall on the Day of 18

As witness my Hand,

E.F.

Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall.

Form

26* & 27° VICTORIA, c. 49.

Form of Erfranchisement in consideration of an annual Sum of Money. i

To all to whom these Preseats shall come [inserting the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall, as previously directed] sends greeting: Now these Presents witness that [here insert the short descriptive Title of such Possessor^ under the Authority of "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," in consideration of the annual Sum of to be paid as herein-after mentioned, doth by these

Presents grant and enfranchise unto and his Heirs all [here describe the

Premises, adding the Words and all Heriots, Sfc, with the necessary general Words stating any Exception or Reservation], to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto the said and his Heirs, in free and common Sooege> freed

and absolutely discharged from the Copyhold [or Customary] Tenure thereof, and of and from all Rents, Fines, Payments, Heriots, Suits, Customs, and Services incident thereto, or by Custom, Prescription, or otherwise howsoever, to be paid, rendered, or performed to the Personage for the Time being entitled to the Duchy of Cornwall for or in respect of the same Tenure, to the Use, Intent, and Purpose, [complete the Reservation as in the Form of Conveyance on Sale in consideration of an annual Sum of Money, and state qs directeddn that Form the Particulars of any Restriction or Condition to which the Enfranchisement is to be subject], and, subject thereto, to the Use of the said his Heirs or

Assigns for ever [or to any other Use, as directed in the previous Form of Enfranchisement, adding a Covenant for Payment, as in the previous Form of Conveyance on Sale in consideration of an annual Sum of Money]. In witness whereof to these Presents the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall hath been duly affixed and set, and the said hath affixed his Seal and subscribed his Name, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord

Form of Conveyance of any Land or Property on a Purchase by the Duke of Cornwall

Know all Men by these Presents that I, A.B. of, $<?., in consideration of the Sum of paid to me [or into the Bank of England with the Privity of the

Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, as the Case may be\ under the Provisions of<(The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," do by these Presents, by virtue of the said Act, grant and convey unto [here insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Tipie being of the Duchy of Cornwall as previously directed], his Heirs and Successors, all [here describe either by Reference or in Detail the Property purchasedj, together with [insert general Words applicable to the particular Description of Property], to hold the Premises hereby granted, or expressed so to be, unto [here insert the short descriptive1 Title bf such Possessor], his Heirs and Successors, for ever, as Parcel of the Possession^ of the Duchy of Cornwall, [or if the Purchase is of a Rent Right of Common dr other Incorporeal Hereditament, or Right intended to be extinguished, in the Place of the H&bendiim, insert to the Intent that the said, here insert the Particulars of the Subject Matter, shsfll cease and be extinguished, and the said describe shortly the Premises which the same is charged upon or extends over, be absolutely freed and for ever discharged from "the same, here insert any qualifying Words which the Circumstances of the Case may require, and Covenants for Title or other Covenants]* In witness whereof, I, the said A.B., have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

Form of Receipt for Purchase Money where not paid into Court to be endorsed.

Received on the Day of the Date of the within-written Deed the Sum of

being the Consideration Money therein expressed to be paid to me, 9 y

Witness, C.D.

AiM.

"Form

26* & 27" VICTORIJV <J. 40, 50.

Form of Grant of Annuity on the Surrender of an outstanding Estate to be charged upon the

Premises surrendered.

This Indenture, m&de the Day of between AJB. of, SfO. of the one Part, and [insert the Titles of the Possessor for the Time being of the Duchy of Cornwall as previously directed] of the other Part: Whereas [here insert such Recitals as

may be requisite to show the Particulars of the Property proposed to be surrendered* and the Circumstances of the Tenure]: Now this Indenture witnesseth that, in consideration of the Annuity or yearly Rentcharge or Sum of intended to be hereby secured,

and upon the Acceptance of [inserting the short descriptive Title of such Possessor}, testified by the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall being hereto affixed, the said AD. doth by these Presents surrender and yield up unto [inserting the short descriptive Title as before] all and singular [here describe either by Reference or in Detail the Pi-emises to be surrendered or granted], and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of him the said A.B., in, to, out of, or upon the same Premises, and every Part thereof, to the End and Intent that [describe shortly the Nature of the Estate or Interest to be surrendered] may merge in the Reversion, Freehold, and Inheritance of the Premises, and be thereby extinguished [here insert the necessary Covenants for Title]; and this Indenture further witnesseth, and in consideration of the Premises [here insert the short descriptive Title as before], pursuant to the Provision in this Behalf con-tamed in " The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," doth hereby give and grant unto the said A.B. One Annuity or clear yearly Rentcharge or Sum of of lawful Money of the United Kingdom, to be payable and paid for and during [here state _ the Period for which the Annuity is intended to be granted] and to be charged and chargeable upon and yearly issuing and payable out of the [here describe by Reference or in Detail the Premises intended to be charged with the Annuity], to have, hold, receive, and take the said Annuity or yearly Rentcharge or Sum of unto the said A.B. and his Assigns

for and during [state shortly the Period of Duration of the Annuity], to be paid and payable at , the common Dining Hall of the Middle Temple in the City of London, by Two equal half-yearly Payments, (that is to say,) on the Day of and the

Day of in every Year, without any Deduction or Abatement

in respect of Land Tax or any other Taxes, Charges, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever (except the Property or Income Tax), the first half-yearly Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rentcharge or Sum of to be made on the

Day of 18 [and if the Annuity is granted for any Period depending on

Life add, if the said shall be then living. And if the said Annuity or

yearly Rentcharge shall determine before the said Day of dr

subsequently mi any Day other than One of the said half-yearly Days of Payment, a proportionate Part thereof to be paid for the Period which shall have elapsed of the then current Half Year, and add a Covenant for Prooffrom Time to Time of the Existence of the Life on which the Annuity depends]. In witness whereof to these Presents the Seal or the Duchy of Cornwall hath been affixed and set, and the said A.B. hath affixed his Seal'ond subscribed his Name *

CAP. L.

An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act until the First Day of January Ope thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to amend the said Act* [13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the " Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate and amend the Law 25 & 26 Vict respecting the Salmon Fisheries nf Scotland; and iathe Sixteenth Section thereof it is 97, enacted, that " the Commissioners shall on or before the First Day of January One

26 & 27 VICT.

<*g

thousand

Extension of Time for making, & c. Byelaws.

Notice to be given for calling First Meeting of District Boards.

As to reading of Sect. S3, of recited Act.

Power to Commissioners to extend the Limits of the Mouth of the River Tweed.

As to Application of certain Rates or Assessments.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 119.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 50, 51.

thousand eight hundred and sixty-four" determine certain Matters by Byelaws, and report the same to the Secretary of State; and it is expedient that the Time so limited f should be extended, and that the said Act should be amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

1. The said Commissioners shall determine the said Matters specified in the said Sixteenth Section by Byelaws under their Hands or the Hands of any Two of them, and shall report the same to the Secretary of State on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. The Provision in the Eighteenth Section of the recited Act that " the Sheriff shall " thereafter summon the First Meeting of such Board for such Day and such Place as he may " fix " is hereby repealed; and on the Time and Place of the First Meeting of the District Board being fixed as provided by the Twenty-second Section of the recited Act, and intimated to the Sheriff Clerk, he shall give Notice of such Meeting as therein provided; and such First Meeting may be held at any Time within Twenty-one Days after the Firet Election of the District Board under the recited Act, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

3. The Thirty-third Section of the recited Act shall be read and construed as if the Words " Public General Act, Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and nine," had been inserted therein instead of the Words " said Act .; '

4. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, by a Byelaw under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two of them, to be made, published, and approved in the Manner provided in the Fifteenth Section of the recited Act, to extend the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the River Tweed, Northwards from the Limits thereof as defined in " The Tweed Fisheries Amendment Act, 1859," along the Sea Coast and into the Sea to such Points and to such Extent as they may fix; and from and after the Publication of such Byelaw in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in such further Mode as the Secretary of State may direct, the Enactments and Provisions of "The Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857," (with the Exception of the Fifty-fifth and Sixtieth Sections,) and of "The Tweed Fisheries Amendment Act, 1859," and the Tenth, Twelfth, and Twenty-seventh Sections of the recited Act, shall be applicable to and may be enforced within such extended Limits in the same Manner and to the same Effect as if such extended Limits had been included in the Mouth or Entrance of the River Tweed as defined in " The Tweed Fisheries Amendment Act, 1859 2" Provided, that the Rates or Assessments to be levied on and in respect of the Fisheries beyond the Limits of the Mouth of the River Ttoeedy as defined in " The Tweed Fisheries Amendment Act, 1859," and within the Limits as extended under any such Byelaw as aforesaid, shall not be applied in or towards the Payment or Discharge of any Debts or Obligations contracted by the Commissioners acting under 4t The Tweed Fisheries Act, 1857," previous to the passing of this Act

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend the Passengers Act, 1855.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Passengers Act, 1855," in the Particulars herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as 1863"

The Passengers Act Amendment Act,

2. This

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 51. 235

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of October One thousand eight Commence-

hundred and sixty-three. ment of Act *

3. The Definition in the Third Section of "The Passengers Act, 1855," of the Term Definition of

cc Passenger Ship," is hereby repealed, and for the Purposes of the said Act and of this Act <'^.a^e?8er the Term " Passenger Ship v shall signify every Description of Sea-going Vessel, whether section 1 of British or Foreign, carrying, upon any Voyage to which the Provisions of the said " Pas- recited Act sengers Act, 1855," shall extend, more than Fifty Passengers, or a greater Number of and

Passengers than in the Proportion of One Statute Adult to every Thirty-three Tons of the sions made!" registered Tonnage of such Ships, if propelled by Sails, or than One Statute Adult to every Twenty Tons if propelled by Steam.

4. So much of the Fourth Section of the said Passengers Act, 1855," as exempts from Mail Steamers the Operation of the Act any Steam Vessel carrying Mails under Contract with the c^j^)i0^her Government of the State or Colony to which such Vessel may belong, is hereby repealed, p^ngers to and every Steam Vessel, whether British, Foreign, or Colonial, which shall carry Passengers be subject to other than Cabin Passengers in sufficient Number to bring Such Vessel within the Definition Act *

of a Passenger Ship, as set forth in the Third Section of this Act, shall be subject to the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act in like Maimer as any Passenger Ship not carrying a Mail.

5. The First Rule of the Fourteenth Section of the said " Passengers Act, 1855," which Repeal of Ton-

limits the Number of Persons to be carried in a Passenger Ship by her registered Tonnage, "^eck on

together with so much of the concluding Portion of the same Section as relates to such Rule, pasTeng^rs to

is hereby repealed, except so far as relates to any Penalty incurred or legal Proceedings taken be carried in a

thereunder. Passenger

Ship.

0* In the Passenger I/ists required by the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Sections of "The cabin Passen-Passengers Act, 1855," to be delivered by the Master of every Ship before demanding a gers to be in-. Clearance, there shall be set forth, in addition to the other Particulars required by Liste*"

The Passengers Act, 1855," the Names of all Cabin Passengers on board such Ships, ger specifying whether they respectively are under or over Twelve x ears of Age, and at what Place the Passengers and Cabin Passengers respectively are to be landed, and the Schedule B. to the said Acif shall be altered accordingly.

7. The Limit of the Penalty imposed by the Eighteenth Section of the said " Passengers Limit of Act, 1855," on Persons convicted of getting on board any Passenger Ship with Intent to Penalty on obtain a Passage therein without the Consent of the Owner, Charterer, or Master thereof, tended^m^/" and on Persons aiding or abetting in such fraudulent Attempt, shall be extonded from Five to 20/. Pounds to Twenty Pounds.

8. Notwithstanding the Prohibition contained in the Twenty-ninth Section of the said Horses and

" Passengers Act, 1855," Horses and Cattle may be Carried as Cargo in Passenger Ships, Cattle may be subject to the following Conditions: iSenger

(1.) That the Animals be not carried on any Deck below the Deck on which Passengers Ships, under are berthed, nor in any Compartment in which Passengers are berthed, nor in any ^named adjoining Compartment, except in a Ship built of Iron, and of which the Compartments erem n me ' are divided off by Water-tight Bulkheads extending to the upper Deck:

(2.) That clear Space on the Spar or Weather Deck be left for the Use and Exercise of the Passengers, at the Rate of at least Ten Superficial Feet for each Statute Adult:

(3.) That no greater Number of Passengers be carried than in the Proportion of Fifteen to every One hundred Tons of the Ships registered Tonnage.

(4.) That in Passenger Ships of less than Five hundred Tons registered Tonnage not more than Two Head of large Cattle be carried, nor in Passenger Ships of larger Tonnage more than One additional Head of such Cattle for every additional Two hundred Tons of the Ships registered Tonnage, nor more in all in any Passenger Ship than Ten Head of such Cattle: The Term " large Cattle " shall include both Sexes Definition of of horned Cattle, Deer, Horses, and Asses; Four Sheep of either Sex, or Four «hi%TeTattle>

Gg 2 Female arge a 6

$6 26° & J7s° mmoc, sj.

Female Goats, shall be equivalent to, and may* subject to the same Conffitipsiij, be carried in lieu of One Head of large Cattle: t

(5.) That proper Arrangements be made, to the Satisfaction of the Emigration Officer at the Port of Clearance, for the Housing, Maintenance, and Cleanlinieiss of the Animals, and for the Stowage of their Fodder: A

Dogs and Pigs. (6.) Not more than Six Dogs, and no Pigs or Male Goats, shall be conveyed aa Cargo! in any Passenger Ship: For any Breach of this Prohibition, or of any of the above Conditions, the Owner, Charterer, and Master of the Ship, or any of them, shall be liable for each Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Three hundred Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

Issue of Lime 9. The Requirements of the Thirty-fifth Section of the said " Passengers Juice. that Six Ounces of Lime Juice should be issued weekly to each Statute Adult on Voyages

exceeding Eighty-four Days in Duration for Sailing Vessels, or Fifty Days for Steamers, shall be confined to the Period when the Ship shall be within the Tropics; during the other Portions of the Voyage the Issue of Lime Juice shall be at the Discretion of the Medical Practitioner on board; or, if there be no such Practitioner on board, at the Discretion of the Master of the Ship.

lO. In addition to the Substitutions in the Dietary Scales specified in the Thirty-fifth Section of the said " Passengers Act, 1855," soft Bread baked on board may be issued, at the Option of the Master of any Passenger Ship, in lieu of the following Articles, and iix the following Proportions; (that is to say,) One Pound and a Quarter of a Pound of such soft Bread may be issued in Ueu of One Pound of Flour, or of One Pound of Biscuit, or of One Pound and a Quarter of a Pound of Oatmeal, or of One Pound of Rice, or of One Pound of Peas.

Substitution of soft Bread for other Bread Stuffs.

Sect 46. of recited Act to apply to Cabin Passengers^nHd Passage Money made recover*' able immediately an re-. landing. Sections 12, 61, 53, and 54. of recited Act repealed, and other Provisions substituted.

Forfeiture of Ship if Master proceeds to Sea without Certificate of Clearance, &c.

Such Ship to be dealt with as if seized under Customs Laws.

Power to Secretary of State to release Ships on Payment of a Sum of Money.

1L The Forty-sixth Section of the said " Passengers Act, 1855," shall be applicable to Cabin as well as to other Passengers landed on account of Sickness; and the Passage Money of all Cabin or other Passengers so landed may be recovered in the Manner pointed out in the said Act, upon the Delivery up of their Contract Tickets, and notwithstanding that the Ship may not have sailed: Provided always, that in the Case of Cabin Passengers so landed One Half only of their Passage Money shall be recoverable.

12. The Twelfth, Fifty-first, Fifty-third, and Fifty-fourth Sections of the said " Passengers Act, 1855/' shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except as to the Recovery and Application of any Penalty for any Offence committed against the said Act, and except so far as may be necessary for supporting or continuing any Proceeding heretofore taken or hereafter to be taken thereunder; and in lieu of the Enactments contained in such Sections the Enactments in the Four next following Sections shall respectively be substituted; (that is to say,)

13. If any Passenger Ship shall clear out or proceed to Sea without the Master having first obtained such Certificate of Clearance, or without his having joined in executing such Bond to the Crown as by the said " Passengers Act, 1855," are required, or if such Ship, after having put to Sea, shall put into any Port or Place in the United Kingdom in $ damaged State, and shall leave or attempt to leave such Port or Place with Passengers on board without the Master having first obtained such Certificate of Clearance as is required by Section Fifty of the said Passengers Act, 1855," such Ship shall be forfeited to the Use of Her Majesty, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs, if found, within Two Years from the Commission of the Offence, in any Port or Place in Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Ship shall thereupon be dealt with in the same Manner as if she had been seized as forfeited for an Offence incurring Forfeiture under any of the Laws relating to the Customs: Provided that it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to release, if he shall think fit, any such forfeited Ship from Seizure and Forfeiture, on Payment by the Owner, Charterer, or Master thereof, to the Use of Her Majesty, of such Sum not exceeding Two thousand Pounds as such Secretary of State may by any Writing under his Hand specify.

14. If

237

In case of Wreck or Damage in or near United Kingdom, Passengers to be provided with a Passage by some other Vessel, and maintained in the meantime.

ar >& 27° VICTORIA, C. 51.

od 14; If btofr Passenger Ship shallhe wrecked, or otherwise rendered unfit to proceed on her intended Voyage, while in any Port of the United Kingdom, or after the Commence-ifiaeiit'of the Voyage, and if the Passengers, or any of them, shall be brought back to the ot5nHed Kingdotnj or if any4 Passenger Ship shall put into any Port or Place in the United Kingdom in a damaged State, the Master, Charterer* or Owner shall, within Forty-eight iHcure thereafter, give to the nearest Emigration Officer, or in the Absence of such Officer to the Chief Officer of CUBtome, a written Undertaking to the following Effect; that is to the-Ship shall have been Wrecked, or rendered unfit'as aforesaid to proceed on her Voyage, that the Owner, Charterer, or Master thereof shall embark and convey the Passengers in some other eligible Ship, to sail within Six Weeks from the Date thereof, to the Port or Place for which their Passages respectively had been previously taken; and if the Ship shall have put into Port in a damaged State, then that she shall be made sea-wo^by^nd fit in all respects for her intended Voyage, and shall, within Six Weeks from t icDateof suph Undertaking, sail again with her Passengers; in either of the above Cases i le Cwper, Charterer* or Master shall, until the Passengers proceed on their Voyage, either fojdge jind maintain them on hoard in the same Manner as if they were at Sea, or pay do them ' Subsistence Money after the Kate of One Shilling and Sixpence a Day for each Statute Adult, unless the Passengers shall be maintained in any Hulk or Establishment, und^r the Superintendence of the Emigration Commissioners mentioned in the said Passengers Act, 1855, in which Case the Subsistence Money shall be paid to the Emigration Officer at such Port or Place. If the substituted Ship or damaged Ship, as the Case may be, shall not sail within the Time prescribed as aforesaid, or if Default shall be made in any of the, Requirements of this Section, such Passengers respectively, or any Emigration Officer on their Behalf, shall be entitled to recover, by summary Process, as in the said Passengers Act, 1855, is mentioned, all Monies which shall have been paid by or on account of such Passengers or any of them for such Passage, from the Party to whom or an Whose Account the same may have been paid, or from the Owner, Charterer, or Master of such Ship, or any of them, at the Option of such Passenger or Emigration Officer:

Provided that the said Emigration Officer may, if he shall think it necessary, direct that the Passengers shall be removed from such damaged " Passenger Ship," at the Expense of the Master thereof; and if after such Direction any Passenger shall refuse to leave such Ship, he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to Imprisonment not exceeding One Calendar Month.

; , 15. If any Passenger or Cabin Passenger of any Passenger Ship shall, without any ^Neglect or Default of his own, find himself within any Colonial or Foreign Port or Place other than that for which the Ship was originally bound, or at which he or the Emigration Commissioners, or any public Officer or other Person on his Behalf, may have contracted that ho should land, it shall be lawful for the Governor of such Colony, or for any Person authorized by him for the Purpose, or for Her Majesty's Consular Officer at such Foreign Port or Place, as the Case may be, to forward such Passenger to his intended Destination, unless the Master of such Ship shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Arrival of such Passenger, give to the Governor or Consular Officer, as the Case may be, a written Undertaking to forward or carry on, within Six Weeks thereafter, such Passenger or Cabin Passenger to his original Destination, and unless such Master shall accordingly forward or carry him on within that Period.

16. All Expenses incurred under the last preceding Section or under the Fifty-second Expenses Section of "The Passengers Act, 1855," or either of them, by or by the Authority of such j^TVo ^e- Secretary of State, Governor, or Consular Officer, or other Person, as therein respectively ceding Sec-mentioned, including the Cost of maintaining the Passengers until forwarded to their tions to be a Destination, and of all necessary Bedding, Provisions, and Stores, shall become a Debt to JJer Majesty and Her Successors from the Owner, Charterer, and Master of such Ship, shall be recoverable from them, or from any One or more of them, at the Suit and for the Use of Her Majesty, in like Manner as in the Case of other Crown Debts; and a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A) hereto annexed, or os near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, purporting to be under the Hand of any such Secretary of State, Governor, or Consular Officer, (as the Case may be,) stating the total Amount of U &J such

Power to remove Passengers from damaged Ship;

Penahy on

Passengers

refusing.

Governors or Consuls may send on Passengers if the Master of the Ship fail to do so.

m

Passengers forwarded by Governor, Sec. not entitled to Return of Passage Money. Bond to repay Expenses of rescuing and forwarding shipwrecked Passengers, where Owners and Charterers of Vessel reside abroad.

Recited Act and this to be as One.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 51.

such Expenses, shall in any Suit or other Proceeding for the Recovery of such Debt be received in Evidence without Proof of the Handwriting or of the official Character of such Secretary of State, Governor* or Consular Officer, and shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Amount of such Expenses, and that the same were duly incurred* nor shall it be necessary to adduce on behalf of Her Majesty any other Evidence in support of the Claim, but Judgment shall pass for the Crown, with Costs of Suit, unless the Defendant shall specially plead and duly prove that such Certificate is false or fraudulent, or shall specially plead and prove any Facts showing that such Expenses were not duly incurred under the Provisions of this Act, and of the said " Passengers Act, 1855/* or either of them: Provided nevertheless, that in no Case shall any larger Sum be recovered on account of such Expenses than a Sum equal to twice the total Amount of Passage Money received or due to and recoverable by or On account of the Owner, Charterer, or Master of such Passenger Ship, or any of them, for or in respect of the whole Number of Passengers and Cabin Passengere who may have embarked in such Ship, which total Amount of Passage Money shall be proved by the Defendant, if he will have the Advantage of this Limitation of the Debt; but if any such Passengers are forwarded or conveyed to their intended Destination under the Provisions of the last preceding Section, they shall not be entitled to the Return of their Passage Money, or to any Compensation for Loss of Passage under the Provisions of the said " Passengers Act, 1855."

17. In the Case of a Passenger Ship, of which neither the Owners nor Charterers reside in the United Kingdom, the Bond required to be given to the Crown by the Sixty-third Section of the " Passengers Act, 1855/' shall be for the Sum of Five thousand Pounds instead of Two thousand Pounds; and an additional Condition shall be inserted in such Bond to the Effect that the Obligors therein shall, subject to the Provisions and Limitations herein-before contained, be liable for and shall pay to Her Majesty and Her Successors, as a Crown Debt, all Expenses which may be incurred under the Provisions herein-before and in the " Passengers Act, 1855," contained, in rescuing, maintaining, and forwarding to their Destination any Passengers of such Ships who by reason of Shipwreck or any other Cause, except their own Neglect or Default, may not be conveyed to their intended Destination by or on behalf of the Owner, Charterer, or Master of such Ship.

18. The said u Passengers Act, 1855, 1" and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act.

jF'orm of Governors or

(a) . N.B. — 1. If more Passengers wete rescued than forwarded, or if Bedding, &c., was not supplied, alter the Certificate to suit the Facts of the Case.

(6) . N.B. — 2. Omit Words in Brackets when necessary.

(c). N.B. — 3. State generally the Nature of the Disaster and when it occurred. But if the Passengers were only left behind, without any Derault of their own, state the Fact accordingly.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ConsuVs Certificate of Expenditure in the Case of Passengers ship-wrecked,

I hereby certify, That, acting under and in conformity with the Provisions of the British Passengers Act, 1855," and of the " Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1863," I have defrayed the Expenses incurred in rescuing, maintaining, supplying with necessary Bedding, Provisions, and Stores (a), and in forwarding to their Destination Passengers [including Cabin

Passengers (J)], who were proceeding from to

in the Passenger Ship, which was wrecked at Sea, &c. (c).

And I further certify, for the Purposes of the Tenth Section of the said u Passengers Amendment Act, 1863," that the total Amount of such Expenses is Pounds, and that such

Expenses were duly incurred by me under the said Acts or one of them.

Given under my Hand this Day of 18 .

{Governor of §*<?., (or, as the Case may be,) Her Britannic Majestys Consul at

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 52.

CAP. LII.

An Act to further extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign ' " of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and 14 & 15 Vict.

Management of Medical Charities in Ireland, and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of c* 68 *

4 Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland, it

4 is provided that the Medical Officer of every District constituted under the said Act shall and he is thereby required to vaccinate all Persons who may come to him for that Purpose, subject to such Regulations as may be issued by the Poor Law Commissioners in that Behalf; and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Practice of 21 & 22 Vict Vaccination in Ireland, it is provided that the Committee of Management of every c* 6 *

Dispensary District in Ireland shall, subject to the Approbation of the Commissioners,

divide such Dispensary District into so many Vaccination Districts as they may deem advisable and necessary, and shall report such Districts to the Commissioners for their Approval, and shall require the Medical Officer of such District to attend at some convenient Place within each Vaccination District, to be approved of by the said Committee,

at such Times as the said Committee may fix or approve; and the said Medical Officer is thereby required to vaccinate all Persons resident in his District, who may come to him for that Purpose, or whom he may be requested to vaccinate, being fit Subjects for Vaccination, subject to such Regulations as may be issued by the Commissioners in that Behalf: And whereas it is expedient that the Practice of Vaccination in Ireland should be still further extended:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

L The Father or Mother of every Child born in Ireland after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, or in the event of the Death, Illness, Absence, or Inability of the Father and Mother, then the Person who shall have the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, shall, as soon as may be practicable, and within Six Calendar Months after the Birth of such Child, take or cause to be taken the said Child to the Medical Officer of the Dispensary District in which the said Child Is resident, for the Purpose of being vaccinated, unless he shall have been previously vaccinated by some duly qualified Medical Practitioner, and the Vaccination duly certified; and the said Medical Officer shall, and he is hereby required thereupon, or as soon after as it may conveniently and properly be done, to vaccinate the said Child: Provided that in the Vaccination of Children who are Inmates of the Workhouse or other public or charitable Institution, the Master, Matron, or chief Officer of the Workhouse or other such Institution shall take

the Steps required to be taken under the Provisions of this Act by the Father or Mother of the Child, or other Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody thereof.

2. Upon the Eighth Day following the Day on which any Child has been vaccinated as aforesaid, the Father or Mother, or other Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, shall again take or cause to be taken the said Child to the Medical Officer by whom the Operation was performed, in order that such Medical Officer may ascertain by Inspection the Result of such Operation.

3. Upon and immediately after the successful Vaccination of any Child, the Medical Officer or Practitioner who shall have performed the Operation shall deliver to the Father or Mother of the said Child, or to the Person who shall have the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of Schedule hereinafter inserted marked (A, ), that the said Child has been successfully vaccinated, and shall also transmit a Duplicate of the Baid Certificate to the Registrar of Births and Deaths of the District in which the Operation was performed; and such Certificate shall, without further Proof, be admissible as Evidence of the successful Vaccination of such Child in

any

Parents and Guardians of Children bom after 1st Jan. 1864 to have such Children vaccinated within Six Months after Birth.

Children to De taken for Inspection by Medical Officer on Eighth Day after the Operation. Certificate of successful Vaccination to be delivered.

If the Child be not in a fit State for Vaccination, the Medical Officer to deliver a Certificate to that Effect, to be in force for Two Calendar Months.

Section 2. of 21 & 22 Vict. c. 64. repealed.

Rate of Payment for successful Cases of Vaccination.

Child's Incapacity to receive the Vaccine Disease to be certified.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 52.

any Information or Complaint which shall he brought against the Father or Mother of the said Child, or against the Person who shall have had the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child as aforesaid, for Noncompliance with the Provisions of this Act: Provided that if the Medical Officer of any Dispensary District is also the Registrar of that District, it shall be sufficient for him to sign One Certificate, to be delivered to the Father or Mother, or other Person as aforesaid, and to register the Fact of such Vaccination in the Manner herein-after provided.

4. If any Medical Officer or Practitioner shall be of opinion that any Child, is not in a fit and proper State to be successfully vaccinated, he shall thereupon and immediately deliver, without Fee or Reward to the Father or Mother of such Child, or the Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of Schedule herein-after inserted marked (B.), that the Child is in an unfit State for successful Vaccination, and such Certificate shall remain in force for Two Calendar Months from its Delivery as aforesaid; and the Father and Mother of the said Child, or the Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, shall, unless they shall within each succeeding Period of Two Months have obtained from a Medical Officer or Practitioner a Renewal of such Certificate, within Two Months next after the Delivery of the said Certificate as aforesaid, and if the said Child be not vaccinated at or by the Termination of such Period of Two Months then during each succeeding Period of Two Calendar Months until such Child has been successfully vaccinated, take or cause to be taken to the said Medical Officer or Practitioner such Child to be vaccinated by him; and if the said Medical Officer or Practitioner deem the said Child to be then in a fit and proper State for successful Vaccination, he shall forthwith vaccinate it accordingly, and shall deliver to the Father or Mother of such Child, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of Schedule hereinafter inserted marked (A.), that such Child has been successfully vaccinated; but if the said Medical Officer or Practitioner be of opinion that the Child is still in an unfit State for successful Vaccination, then he shall again deliver to the Father or Mother of such Child, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, a Certificate under his Hand according to the said Form of Schedule (B.), that the Child is still in an unfit State for successful VVaccination; and the said Medical Officer or Practitioner, so long as such Child remains in an unfit State for Vaccination, and unvaccinated, shall at the Expiration of every succeeding Period of Two Calendar Months deliver, if required, to the said Father or Mother of such Child, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a fresh Certificate under his Hand, according to the said Form of Schedule; and the Production of such Certificate shall be a sufficient Defence against any Complaint which shall be brought against the said Father or Mother, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, for Noncompliance with the Provisions of this Act.

5. And whereas by the Second Section of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-(second Years of Her Majesty it is provided that the Board of Guardians shall pay to the ' Medical Officer of each Dispensary District, in addition to any Salary or Allowance payable ' to him, the Sum of One Pound for every Twenty Cases of successful Vaccination performed f by him in each Year Be it enacted, That the said Section shall be and is hereby repealed from and after the said First Day of January; and the Board of Guardians shall pay to every such Medical Officer, for every Person successfully vaccinated by him within his Dispensary District, after the said First Day of January, the Sum of One Shilling, provided that the said Medical Officer shall have made the Report to the Committee of Management, regarding the Persons so successfully vaccinated, which is required by the said Act.

6. In the event of any Medical Practitioner being of opinion that any Child that has been vaccinated by him is insusceptible of the Vaccine Disease, he shall deliver to the Father or Mother, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of Schedule herein-after inserted marked (D.); and the Production of such Certificate shall be a sufficient Defence against any Complaint which may be brought against the said Father, Mother, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child for Noncompliance with the Provisions of this Act.

7. The

Registrars of Births and Deaths to keep a Register of Cases of successful Vaccination, of which Searches and Extracts may be made.

Notice to be given of the Requirement of Vaccination, and on Failure of Parent or Guardian to comply therewith, Penalty.

26° & IT VICTORIA c. 52. 241

7. The Registrar of Births and Deaths in the District in which the Operation has been performed shall register the same in a Register which he shall keep of the Persons of whose successful Vaccination a Certificate shall have been transmitted to him as above provided by any Medical Practitioner* and of the Persons whom he himself may have successfully vaccinated* as herein-before mentioned* and shall at all reasonable Times allow Searches to be made of any such Register Book in his Keeping* and shall give a Copy* certified under his Hand* of any Entry or Entries in the same, on Payment of the Fee of One Shilling for each Search, and Sixpence for each Certificate.

8. The Registrar of Births and Deaths in every District shall* at or immediately after the Registration of the Birth of any Child who shall not have been certified to him as having been vaccinated within Six Calendar Months after the Birth thereof, give Notice in Writing in manner herein-after directed* and according to the Form of Schedule herein-after inserted marked (C.), to the Father, or Mother of such Child, or in the event of the Death *

Illness* Absence* or Inability from Sickness or otherwise of the Father and Mother, then to the Person upon whom the Care, Nurture* or Custody of such Child shall have devolved, that it is the Duty of such Father or Mother, or .Person having the Care, -Nurture, or Custody of such Child as aforesaid* to take care that the said Child shall be vaccinated in the Manner directed by this Act, and shall together therewith deliver to such Person a Notice of the Days, Hours, and Places within the District of such Registrar at which the Medical Officer will attend for the Purpose of Vaccination* and shall enter in a Book, to be provided as herein-after directed, a Minute of his having duly given such Notice; and if after such Notice the Father or Mother of the said Child, or the Person so having as aforesaid the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the said Child, shall not cause such Child to be vaccinated, or shall not on the Eighth Day after the Vaccination has been performed take or cause to be taken such Child for Inspection according to the Provisions in this Act respectively contained, without any reasonable Excuse for such Failure or Omission, then such Father or Mother, or Person having the Ca*e, Nurture, or Custody of such Child as aforesaid, so offending, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

9. A Fee of Threepence shall be paid to such Registrar for each Child vaccinated in Fee to Regis-respect of which he shall have performed the Duties required in this Act; excepting only trar* those Cases in which he himself shall have performed the Operation, and thereby entitled

himself to the Payment of a Fee under this Act; and the said Fee of Threepence shall be payable in the same Manner as the Fee now payable to such Registrar for registering the Birth of such Child as aforesaid is paid.

10. Every Registrar who shall fail to register as aforesaid the Vaccination of any Child successfully vaccinated, and duly certified to him to have been so vaccinated within his District, or who shall register the Vaccination of any Child which shall not have been successfully vaccinated, or certified to him to have been so vaccinated, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for each such Case.

11. The Registrar General for Ireland shall cause to be provided from Time to Time a Registrar

sufficient Number of Books from Her Majesty's Stationery Office, upon the Application of ^eBw^ the Registrar General for Ireland, all such Books, Forms, and Regulations as he may deem p01^forB an requisite for carrying into full Effect the Provisions of this Act, and such Registrar General carrying out shall transmit the same to the Registrars of Births and Deaths in each District in Ireland, the Provisions who shall deliver to the duly qualified Medical Practitioners in the said District such -of the 0 18 ct '

said Books, Forms, and Regulations as they may require for the Performance of the Duties

imposed upon them by this Act, and the Expenses to be incurred by the Registrar General, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be defrayed in the like Manner as the general Expenses of his Office.

12. Any Penalty recoverable under the Provisions of this Act shall be recoverable in a Recovery of summary W ay, with respect to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, subject and accord- Penalties, ing to the Provisions of any Act regulating the Powers and Duties of Justices of the Peace for such District or of the folice of such District, and with respect to other Parts of Ireland, before a Justice or Justices of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, subject and according to 26 & 27 Vict. Hh the

Penalty for omitting to register Vaccination.

Power to Guardians of Poor to direct Proceedings t be instituted.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 52.

the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Irelan Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same.

13. The Guardians of any Union in Ireland may direct Proceedings to be instituted for the Purpose of enforcing Obedience to the Provisions of this Act; and as to all Expenses incurred in such Proceedings, if the Justice or Justices before whom such Proceedings are had certify that such Expenses ought to be allowed, such Justice or Justices shall ascertain the Amount thereof, and such Amount shall be payable out of the Poor Rates of the Union in which the Neglect or Default shall have arisen j and such Proceedings on account of Neglect to have a Child vaccinated may be taken at any Time during the Continuance of the Neglect

SCHEDULES referred to by this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify. That the Child of of

aged in the County of has been successfully

vaccinated by me.

Dated this Day of 186 .

(Signed). A.B.,

Medical Officer of the Dispensary District

(or other Medical Practitioner, as the Case may be).

SCHEDULE (B.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify. That I am of opinion that the Child

of of in the County of aged is

not now in a fit and proper State to be successfully vaccinated, and I ao hereby postpone the Vaccination until the Day of.

Dated this Day of . 186 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Medical Officer of the Dispensary District

(or other Medical Practitioner, as the Case may be).

SCHEDULE (C.)

I, the undersigned, hereby give you Notice, and require you to have C.D. vaccinated within Six Months after the Birth, pursuant to the Provisions and Directions of the Act of the Victoria, Cap. As witness my Hand, this Day of 186 ,

Registrar of Births and Deaths for the District.

SCHEDULE (D.)

X, the undersigned, hereby certify, That I am of opinion that _ the Child

of of in the County of is insusceptible of the

Vaccine Disease.

Dated this Dfcy of 186 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Medical Officer of the Dispensary District

(or other Medical Practitioner, as the Case may be).

243

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 53.

i

CAP. LIII.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[13th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia ' of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

1. All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia, or any Part thereof for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall oease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

2. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists^ and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient} and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or bjr any Directions^iven in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and Direction riven in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Periods specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to Such Militia.

8« So long as the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of Great Britain are suspended it shall not be necessary for the Clerks of General Meetings of the several Counties therein to transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, of to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, the Extracts attd Abstracts mentioned and referred to in Section Three of Seventh George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-eight.

4. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors at Ireland, or of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

Hh 2

Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom and Ballots for each Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

So long as Lists are suspended, not necessary to transmit Extracts, &c. as required by Sect. 3. of 7 G. 4. c. 58. Not to extend to prevent the holding of certain Meetings relating to the Militia.

244

26° & 27? VlWOftl *, ' c. 54.

Indentures dated 21st and 22d Dec. 1810.

Indentures dated 13th and 14th Sept. 1821.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for vesting in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department certain Lands and Hereditaments at JValmer in the County of Kent [13th July 1863.:]

WHEREAS His late Majesty King George the Third, by Lettera Patent bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, granted to the Right Honourable Robert Banks Earl of Liverpool the Office of Warden and Keeper of the Cinque Ports and their Members for and during the Term of his natural Life: And whereas the said Earl while he held the Office aforesaid did by Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date respectively the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Days of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and respectively made between himself of the one Part, and the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkins on, Charles Jenkinson Esquire, the Reverend John Banks Jenkinson, ' George Jenkinson Esquire, and Robert Jenkinson Esquire, of the other Part, convey Two Pieces of Pasture Land, Planted Grounds, and Garden Grounds, One of them containing Twenty-eight Acres Two Roods, and the other Six Acres Two Roods, little more or less, situate in the Parish of Walmer, abutting on and surrounding Wplmer Castle and the Garden thereto belonging, unto the said Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson, Charles Jenkinson, John Banks Jenkinson* George Jenkinson, and Robert Henry Jenkinson therein called Robert Jenkinsprr, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the said Robert Banks Earl of Liverpool during his Life, with Remainder to the Use of the said Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson, Charles Jenkinson, John Banks Jenkinson, George Jenkinson, and Robert Jenkinson, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, nevertheless upon Trust and to the Intent and Purpose that they, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivors, should, at all Timte after the Decease of the said Earl, permit and suffer the said Lands* and Hereditaments to be held, used, occupied, possessed, and enjoyed, together with JValmer Castle aforesaid, by the Lord Warden of His Majesty's Cinque Ports for the Time being, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Lands were Part of the Precinct or Territory of the said Castle, and by Grant or Prescription belonged to the said Lord Warden for the Time being by virtue of hjs Office: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, endorsed on the first-mentioned Indentures: respectively, and made between the said Earl of the one Part, and the said Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson, Charles Jenkinson, John Ranks Jenkinson, George Jetnkmsvri, and Robirt Henry Jenkinson of the other Part, the said Robert Banks Earl of Liverpool did convey a Piece of Land containing Four Acres Two Roods Thirty-five Perches, situate at Walmer aforesaid, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and to the Intent and Purpose, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations in and by the first-mentioned Indenture expressed or declared of the Hereditaments herein-before mentioned: And whereas the said Earl departed this Life in the Month of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, ^nd \he said Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson, 1 Charles Jenkinson, John Banks Jenkinson, and George Jenkinson departed this Life in the Lifetime of the said 'Robert Jenkinson, and leaving / him tl^e sale savviying Trustee of said Trust Premises: And whereas the said Rol^t JenkMon , departed this Life, ! haying previously thereto; duly made and; published his last Will and Teptsmerd* whereby he< devised the said Trust Estates unto the Reverend Sir Brooke William Robert Roothby Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas Her present Majesty, by Her Royal Letters Patent bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, granted fa the Right Honourable flwif John Viscount Palmerston, K.Gv, the said Offiqe of. Warden? of the Cinque Ports and their Members for and during the Term of his natural Life: And whereas the said Viscount. Palmerston, by virtue of his Appointment as aforesaid, is in the actual Possession or in receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Premises conveyed in trustras aforesaid: And whereas a Map or Plan of all the Lands and Hereditaments held by thb

said

245

. 26° A 37° VICTORIAi, ©. 54, 55.

said Viscount Palmerston as Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports hath been prepared,

distinguishing therein by a Red Edging such of the Premises as belong to the Crown and

are at present under the Charge of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Watf Department* and also the Residue of the Premises by a Blqe Edging that before the passing of this Act are vested in the said Sir Brooke William Robert Boothby Baronet, in tru^t as aforesaid, which Map or Plan is signed by the said Viscount Palmerston and Earl De Grey and Ripon, and is deposited in the Office of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary (of State for the War Department: And whereas it is expedient that the said Lands and ' Premises now vested in the said Sir Brooke William Robert Boothby in trust as aforesaid ' should be transferred to and Tested in Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the 6 War Department and his Successors, but so nevertheless that the said Lancia and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, may be held, used, occupied, and enjoyed together with

4 Walmer Castle by the said Viscount Palmerston, or other the Lord Warden for the Time being of Her Majesty's Cinque Ports:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the same, as follows:

L The Lands conveyed by the Indentures respectively herein-before recited or referred to, being the Lands described or delineated on the said Map or Plan, and surrounded thereon by a Blue Edging, shall, upon the passing of this Act, become and be vested in Her Majesty^ Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, on behalf of Her Majesty, for all the Estate and Interest now vested in the said Sir Brooke William Robert Boothby, but so nevertheless that the said Lands and Hereditaments, with their Appurtenances, may be held, occupied, and enjoyed together with Walmer Castle by the said Viscount Palmerston, or other the Lord Warden for the Time being of Her Majesty's Cinque Ports.

2* Nothing in this Act contained shall affect or prejudice any present or future or contingent Estate, Right, or Interest at Law or in Equity which the Representatives of the said Earl of-Liverpool, or any other Person or Persons, would now or under any resulting Trust or otherwise might hereafter have or be entitled to if this Act had not been passed, save only the Estate and Interest of the said Sir Brooke William Robert Boothbyv

3. In the Construction of this Act the Style or Title " Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department shall mean Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Time being to whom Her Majesty shall think nt to intrust the Seals of the War Department. v '

4* This Act may be cited as The Walmer Vesting Act, 1863."

CAP. LV.

An Act to continue the^Poor Law Board for a lindted Period.

[21st July 1863^]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, Provision^ were made for the Constitution and Appointment of Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England, and for the Appointment of other Officers, which Provisions have been continued until the 4. Twenty-thfrd Day of July in this present Year, and it is expedient that such Provisions ' should be further continued for a limited Period Be it therefore enacted by the QueenV rifost -Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Tetri^dra}, and Commons, in1 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty the Queen, or to be appointed by Her ^Hajestjr, Her Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of the said Act, together:, with

Landsconveyed by recited Indentures vested in Secretary of State for War.

Not to affect any Right of the Representatives of the said Earl of Liverpool.

Construction of 'Act.

[Short Title.]

Poor Law Board continued.

with every Person by the said Act constituted in virtue or his Office such Commissioner,

and every Officer and Person appointed or to be appointed by the Commissioners under the Provisions of the said Act, shall be empowered, unless he shall previously resign or be removed, to hold his Office and exercise the Powers thereof until the Twenty-thira Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and until the Expiration of the said last-mentioned Period it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time at pleasure to remove the Commissioners for the Time being appointed by Her Majesty, or to be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of such Commissioner to appoint, as in the said Act is described, some other fit Person to the said Office.

CAP. LVI.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 110.

Recited Act 3 & 4 Vict. c. 110. made perpetual.

An Act to make perpetual an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and ' Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and ten, intituled

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies9 and continued by several Acts, and

lastly by an Act of the Session of Parliament of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second c Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Nineteen, is about to expire, and it is expedient to make the same perpetual:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be repealed the First Section of the said Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Nineteen, whereby it is provided that the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty is to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and the last-mentioned Act shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

Short Tid*.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, and to make like Provision for the Cases of Desertion and Insanity, and other Cases.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Provisions now in force c _ relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects i of Officers and Soldiers dying on Service, and those Provisions having been found beneficial, it is also expedient to make like Provision for the Security and Application of the Effects of Deserters and others, and of Officers and Soldiers becoming insane on 6 Service

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Regimental Debts Act, 1803.

2L In

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 57. ' 247

*1 ' *

2. In this Act — Interpretation

The Tern " Officer" means (except where it is otherwise expressed) a Commissioned of Terms.

Officer of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army:

The Term " Soldier" means (except where it is otherwise expressed) a Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, or a European Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Army, including a Warrant and a Non-commissioned Officer:

The Term " Representation" includes Probate, and Letters of Administration, with or without Will annexed, and the corresponding Documents or Acts in use according to the Law of Scotland, or other Law in force in any Place where this Act operates:

The Term "Representative" means any Person taking out Representation:

The Term " the Secretary of State for War" means such One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being as Her Majesty thinks fit to intrust with the Seals of the War Department:

The Term " India" means the Territories for the Time being vested in Her Majesty 21 & ta Vict.

under the Act of the Year 1858," for the better Government of India c*106,

The Term " the Secretary of State for India in Council" means One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State acting with the Council of India under that Act:

The Term " Person " includes a Corporation and any Body of Persons.

8. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed; but this Rep*1 of Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of any such Enactment, or anything already °

done, or airy Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability already accrued thereunder, or any Remedy or Proceeding for the Enforcement thereof.

PART I. — Death on Service.

Preferential Charges.

4, Where an Officer or Soldier dies on Service, the following Classes of Expenses and Definition of Debts incurred and owing by him or on his Account shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be considered Preferential Charges on his Personal Property, and be payable thereout in preference to all other Debts and Liabilities, and, as among themselves, in the following Military Debts, Order: —

(1.) Expenses of last Illness and Funeral:

(2.) Military Debts, namely, Sums due in respect of —

Quarters;

Mess, Band, and other Regimental Accounts; ,

Military Clothing, Appointments and Equipments, not exceeding a Sum equal to Six Months Pay of the Deceased, and having become due within Eighteen Months before his Death; including Sums due to any Agent or to any Paymaster, Quartermaster, or other Officer, on any such Account, or on account of any Advance made for any such Purpose; to which shall be added, where the Death occurs out of the United Kingdom, —

(3 A Servants Wages, not exceeding Two Months Wages to each Servant:

(4.) Household Expenses incurred within a Month before the Death or after the last Issue of Pay to the Deceased, whichever is the shorter Period.

5. The Surplus only of the Personal Property of an Officer or Soldier dying on Service, Surplus only of remaining over after Payment of Preferential Charges, shall be considered Personal Estate to^deemedte of the Deceased, with reference to the Calculation of Probate Duty, or of any other Tax or PewonaiEstate. Per-cqntoge, or for any of the Purposes of Administration or Distribution.

8. If, in any Case, a Doubt or Difference arises as to any particular Expense or Debt Questions being a Preferential Charge or not, — or as to any alleged Preferential Charge having been T^ectiffp in fact incurred, or being due, in the whole or in part, or not, — or as to the Priority among ment^o. of"J or Payment of any Preferential Charges, where the Property is insufficient to pay all in full. Preferential or where those of One Class exceed the Amount allowed for that Class, >r otherwise in 1)6

relation a y

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 57.

Secretary of State, or in India by Military Secretary to Government of Presidency.

On Death of Officer or Soldier on Service, Committee of Officers to secure Effects.

If Preferential Charges not paid, Power to Committee to sell and convert Effects, and to get in Credits, and after Payment of Expenses, to secure Surplus.

In India, Power for Committee to deliver over Effects to Administrator General.

Remittance of Surplus by Committee.

As to the Payment of Surplus where Deaths occur in India or elsewhere.

relation to any Preferential Charge of the Payment thereof, — the Decision of the Secretary of State for War, where the Death occurs elsewhere than in India, and of the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency in which the Deceased was quartered, where the Death occurs in India, or of such Officer or Person as the Secretary of State or Military Secretory respectively deputes by Writing under his Hand to act for him in this Behalf, shall be final, and shall be binding on all Persons for all Purposes.

Collection and Disposal of Effects.

7. Immediately ou the Death of an Officer or Soldier on Service, such Committee of Officers as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, according to the Circumstances of different Cases, herein-after called the Committee of Adjustment, shall secure all such of his Effects as —

Where the Death occurs in the United Kingdom, are in Camp or Quarters; and

Where the Death occurs out of the United Kingdom, are within the Station, Colony, or Command.

8. Provided that if the Representative of the Deceased, or his Widow (if any), or any of his Next of Kin, pays in full the Preferential Charges, the Committee of Adjustment shall not further interfere in relation to the Property.

, If such Payment is not made, then, within One Month after the Death, the Committee of Adjustment may and shall, without any Representation taken out, and as if they were the Representatives of the Deceased, and to the Exclusion of all other Authorities and Persons whomsoever, sell or convert into Money such Parts of the Effects of the Deceased as do not consist of IVJoney, — and also where the Death occurs out of the United Kingdom get in, and give Receipts (which shall be effectual Discharges) for, all or any of the Credits forming Part of the Estate of the Deceased, and being payable or recoverable ip Iiylia or in the Colony or Possession in which the Deceased was quartered (as the Case may be), and, if they think fit, sue for and recover any of such Credits, — and, after paying thereout the Expenses attending the Discharge of their Duties, shall pav thereout the Preferential Charges, and secure the Surplus of the Effects, or Effects and Credits, as the Case may be, remaining over after all such Payments.

9* Where the Death ooCurs m India, the Committee of Adjustment may, in such Cases, under such Circumstances, and at such Time or Times, as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, according to the Circumstances of different Cases, deliver over ithe Effects secured by them to the Administrator General for the Presidency in which th# Deceased was quartered. , (f '>

Disposal of Surplus.

10. The Committee of Adjustment shall, according to the Circumstances of the Case, remit or lodge the Surplus aforesaid to or in the Hands of such Paymaster or other Officer or Person, at such Time or Times, in such Manner, and together with, au<pfe^Aco<}unt8, Vouchers, Reports, and Information, as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant

1L Where the Death occurs elsewhere than in India, or the Death occurs in India, the Deceased seeing (in the latter Case) a Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, then the Paymaster or other Officer or Person aforesaid shall dispose of the Surplus as follows

(1.) Where the Amount exceeds One hundred Pounds, he shall pay it over to the Representative of the Deceased, if present at Head Quarters, and if there is none, shall forthwith remit it to the Secretary of State for War:.

(2.) Where the Amount does not exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall not be necessary for any Purpose that Representation to the Deceased be taken outj but if Representation is token out, such Paymaster pr other Officer or Person shall pay the Amount over to the Representative, if present at Head Quarters:

(3.) Where the Amount does not exceed One hundred Pounds, taxi Representation is not taken out, then such Paymaster oir other* Officer or Person shall dispose of the Amount, or Part thereof, (in such Manner as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant for such Cases,) for the Benefit of the Widow and of the Children or other near

Relatives

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 57.

Relative^ (if'any) of D^cels^d, or* 0/ soiAe of stick Persons, being present at, , ..r HeadQuartpr$*and if there are qo such Person ^, or any Part of the Amount %; ., i; / 1(j^afare(said is not sp disposed of for their Benefit, he shall forthwith remit the whole 1, , Amount, or the Part thereof not so disposed of, (as the Case may be,) to the r; uii/ i . Sporetary of State for War.

J ll^|. fVhPrfe the Death boPtirs in India, the Deceased not being a Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, the following Provisions shall take effect —

(1.) The Paymaster or other Officer or Person aforesaid shall, as soon as may be after receiving the Surplus aforesaid, publish such Notice (stating the Amount of the Suiplasr and other Particulars respecting the Deceased and his Property), ns may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, together with a Notice stating that all Chums by Creditors against the Property of the Deceased, are to be lodged with such Paymaster or other Officer or Person, who shall retain the Surplus for Two Months after the firit Publication, of; such Gazette Notice as aforesaid* and shall receive and record all Claims lodged with him accordingly:

(2.) If Claims are so lodged, not exceeding in the whole such absolute Amount, or such Proportion of the Surplus, as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, according to the Circumstances of different Cases, then such Paymaster or other Officer or Person shall, at the Expiration of the said Two Months, proceed to discharge the Demands of the Claimants who have lodged Claims with him, unless under the special Circumstances of the Case of the Deceased it appears to him inexpedient or unjust to do so: '

(3.) In that Case, or in case tbp Claims lodged exceed in the whole the absolute Amount or the Proportion aforesaid, then such Paymaster or other Officer or Person shall, without discharging those Claims, or any of them, transfer the Surplus aforesaid to the Administrator General for the Presidency:

(4.) Where such Paymaster Or other Officer or Person does not so transfer the Surplus, he shall dispose thereof, or of so much thereof as remains after the Discharge of any Claims, as follows:

Where the Amount exceeds One hundred Pounds, he shall pay it over to the Representative of the Deceased in India, if any; 1 ]

Where the Amount does not exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall not be 1 necessary for any Purpose that Representation to, the Deceased be taken out, j in Indiuy bat if Representation is taken! out there, such Paymaster pr other; i Officer or Pierson shall pay the Amount over to the Representative in India; JAl Where, the Amount doea not exceed One hundred Pounds, and Representation, in India is not taken out, such Paymaster or other Officer or Person shall dispose of the Amount, or Part therepf, in India, (in such Manner as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant for such Cases,) for the Benefit of the Widow ' ' mrd of the Children or other near Relatives (if any) of the Deceased/ or of

r feetae of shch Persons, being in India:.

- (5.)^ub5ect to the foregoing Provisions, such Paymaster or other Officer or Person shall, at1 thb Expiration of such Time, not exceeding in any Case Six Months, as tfiay, i ^Wr^cd by Royal Warranty remit the Surplus, pr so much thereof ns r/jr.'j remains in, his Hands after discharging any Claims, from India to &nglctndA as follows* —

In, the Cases of Officers of Her Majesty's Army constituting the $taff Co'rps VJ of the Three Presidencies, and in the Cases of Officers and European Soldiers of Hey Majesty's Indian Army, to the Secretary of State for India in Council, — .

0 Ip pther Cases, to the Secretary of State for War. 1

Disposal of Residue by Secretary of State.

joc State for War* or the Secretary of State for India Tn Council, as

oiithfcCiwe -iftaybe, pn receiving any such Surplus or Part of a Surplus as is herein-before indireoffed io; ibe« tewitteeb^hflil.cause an Afeonnt to be made npf as soon as may he, of the V'2fij&, 27i V; iQ£, i y, , -fr, 7, li, ...\[\ total

249

Provision wherfc Death occurs in India, the Deceased not being a Soldier.

/A

i:, A

: »r< r ynq

it <.]

it 3>

On Receipt of Surplus at War or India Office, Notices to be

published in London Gazette, &c. as to Amount to Credit of Deceased, and other Particulars.

Residue exceeding 100/. to be paid to Representative of Deceased. Residue not exceeding 100 L to be paid to Representative, if any.

Where Residue does not exceed \00L, and no Representation, War or India Office empowered to pay it over for Benefit of Widow, &c., or to invest it for Benefit of Children, &c.

Provision in last-mentioned Case for Payment of Debts out of Residue.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 57.

total Amount to the Credit of the Deceased, including the Amount of the Surplus or Part of a Surplus so remitted, together with all Arrears of Pay, Batta, Grants, and other Allowances in the Nature thereof, and thereupon shall cause to be published, as soon as conveniently may be, in the London Gazette, and also in any Newspaper or otherwise as may seem fit, a Notice stating the total Amount to the Credit of the Deceased as aforesaid, herein-after called the Residue, and such other Particulars respecting the Deceased and his Property as may seem fit, together with a Notice stating the Mode in which any Application respecting the Residue is to be made to the Secretary of State for War, or to the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be.

14. Where the Residue exceeds One hundred Pounds, the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, shall dispose of the Residue by paying it over to the Representative of the Deceased.

15. Where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall not be necessary for any Purpose that Representation to the Deceased be taken out, but in any Case the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, may, if it seems fit, require Representation to be taken out; and if, on that Requisition or otherwise. Representation is taken out, then he shall dispose of the Residue by paying it over to the Representative.

16. Where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds, and Representation is not taken out, then, after the Expiration from the first Publication of the required Notice in the London Gazette, of Three Months in the Case of an Officer, and of One Month in the Case of a Soldier, the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, shall dispose of the Residue as follows: —

(1.) He shall, if he thinks fit, pay the Residue over to any Person showing herself or himself, to the Satisfaction of the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, to be the Widow of the Deceased, or to be the Child or any Relative of the Deceased, or to be entitled to take out Representation to the Deceased, — to the end that the Residue may be applied by the Person to whom it is so paid over in a due Course of Administration, and the same shall be so applied accordingly (for which Application the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, may require such Security as seems fit):

(2.) Or else, where the Deceased leaves any Child or near Relative him surviving, the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, shall retain the Residue in his Hands on behalf of such Child or near Relative, and shall invest the Residue, or any Part thereof, in such Manner as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, and shall apply the Sums invested, and the Income thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, from Time to Time, for the Maintenance, Education, or Advancement, or otherwise for the Benefit, of such Child or near Relative, in such Manner as may seem fit, subject to such Regulations as may be laid down by Royal Warrant.

Debts

17. Notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds, and Representation to the Deceased is not taken out, the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, shall, before disposing of the Residue or any Part thereof, in manner aforesaid, — or after so disposing of the Residue or any Part thereof, if and so far as the Disposition thereof is capable of Revocation, — apply the Residue, or so much as may be requisite, in or towards Payment of any Debt of the Deceased of which he has Notice, subject to the following Conditions:

First. — -That the Debt accrued due within Three Years before the Death:

Second. — That Payment of it is claimed within Two Years after the Death:

Third. — That the Claimant proves the Debt to the Satisfaction of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 57. 251

Any Person claiming to be a Creditor of the Deceased shall not be entitled to obtain Payment of his Debt out of any Money that may, under this Act, be in the Hands of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of State for India in Council, by any Means or Proceedings whatever except by means of a Claim lodged with such Secretary of State, and Proceedings thereon, under and according to this Act.

Nothing in the present Section shall prejudicially affect the Claim of any Creditor in respect of a Debt incurred before the Commencement of this Part of this Act.

Undisposed-of Residues.

18. If, in any Case, the Residue or any Part thereof remains, for One Year after the first Publication of the required Notice in the London Gazette, in the Hands of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, undisposed of or unappropriated, then as soon as conveniently may be after the End of that Year the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, shall oause to be published in the London Gazette a Notice similar to the original required Notice, mutatis mutandis, and so for Six successive Years from the Publication of the original Notice; and if, in any Case, the Residue, or any Part thereof, remains in the Hands of the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, undisposed of or unappropriated for Six Months after the Publication of the last of such required Notices in the London Gazette, then, at the Expiration of the said Six Months, he shall apply the same, together with any Income or Accumulations of Income accrued therefrom, in such Manner in or towards the Creation or Maintenance of such Compassionate or other Fund for the Benefit of Widows and Children or other near Relatives of Soldiers dying on Service, as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant.

Provided, that the Application under the present Section of any Residue, or Part of a Residue, undisposed of or unappropriated as aforesaid, shall not be deemed to bar any Claim of any Person to the same, or any Part thereof, that may be established at any Time after such Application.

Medals and Decorations.

19. Medals and Decorations belonging to an Officer or Soldier dying on Service shall not be considered to be comprised in the Personal Estate of the Deceased with reference to the Claims of Creditors or for any of the Purposes of Administration under this Act or otherwise; and, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act contained, the same, when secured by the Committee of Adjustment, shall be held and disposed of according to Regulations laid down by Royal Warrant

Exception as to Regimental Paymasters.

20. The Case of a Bsgimental Paymaster dying on Service shall, notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, be provided for as follows: —

(1.) That Case shall be deemed wholly excepted out of the foregoing Provisions of this Act, save so far as they define and give Preference to and regukte the Payment of and provide for Decisions respecting Preferential Charges, and as they relate to the Duties and Powers of the Committee of Adjustment, and to Medals and Decorations:

(2.) The Duties and Powers of the Committtee of Adjustment in relation to the Property shall, nevertheless, in the Case of a Regimental Paymaster, be deemed to arise in full immediately and unconditionally on the Death, and to continue notwithstanding the Payment of the Preferential Charges by any Person:

(3.) Money in the Possession or under the Control of a Regimental Paymaster at his Death shall not be considered to be comprised in his Effects for the Purposes of this Act!

(4.) The Surplus in the Hands of the Committee of Adjustment shall, in the Case of a Regimental Paymaster, be dealt with by them as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, and not according to the foregoing Provisions of this Act.

Residues undisposed of for 6 Years to be applied towards Compassionate Fond.

Medals and Decorations excepted;

to be disposed of according to Royal Warrant.

Special Provision for Case of Death of Regimental Paymaster.

Restriction on Interposition of Official Administrators.

Duties of Administrators.

Money remitted not to be Assets in Place where remitted

to.

Deduction of Arrears of Subscription to Military and Orphan Funds.

Exemptions from Duty.

Creditor administering not

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 57.

Administrators General and other Official Administratorsm

21. An Administrator General for a Presidency in India, or a Registrar of any Court in India or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, or any other Official Administrator, notwithstanding any Law regulating his Office independently of this Act, shall not interpose in any Manner in relation to any Property of an Officer or Soldier dying on Service, except in the Cases expressly provided for in this Act, or unless expressly required to do so by a Committee of Adjustment, or some other Officers or Persons, acting under this Act

Where, under this Act, any Property comes to the Hands of any such Administrator General, Registrar, or other Official Administrator, he shall administer the same in accordance with the Provisions of this Act relating to Preferential Charges, and the other Provisions of this Act, and, subject thereto, according to the Law regulating his Office independently of this Act.

Where any Money coming, under this Act, to the Hands of any such Administrator General remains in his Hands after Discharge of all Debts and Liabilities, he shall remit the same to the Secretary of State for India in Council, at such Time and in such Manner as he directs, to be retained or to be paid over to the Secretary of State for War, as the Case may require, and to be disposed of, according to the Provisions of this Act, as the Residue or Part of the Residue of the Property of the Deceased.

An Administrator General shall not be entitled to take, and it shall not be lawful for him to take, a Percentage on the Property of an Officer or Soldier dying on Service, exceeding Three per Centum on the gross Amount coming to his Hands if Preferential Charges have been previously paid, or on the gross Amount remaining in his Hands after Payment by him of Preferential Charges, as the Case may be.

Miscellaneous.

22. Any Property of an Officer or Soldier dying on Service, coming, under this Act, to the Hands of any Paymaster or other Officer or Person, shall not, by reason of so coming, be deemed Assets or Effects at the Place in which that Paymaster or other Officer or Person is stationed or resides, and it shall not be necessary by reason thereof that Representation should be taken out in respect of that Property for that Place.

Where, under this Act, any such Property is to be paid or delivered over to the Representative of a deceased Officer or Soldier or other Person entitled to receive- the same, —

if such Payment or Delivery is to be made in India, then the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency in which the Deceased was quartered, —

and if such Payment is to be made elsewhere than in India, then the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, — may order that such Property be transmitted to any other Place where the same can be more conveniently paid or delivered over as aforesaid; and the Obedience to any such Order by any Paymaster or other Officer or Person in whose Hands such Property is, shall be a sufficient Discharge to him, and he shall not be liable in any Manner by reason of such Property having been in his Hands and having been transmitted under any such Order.

23. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to prevent the Secretary of State for India in Council, on the Death of an Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Army, from deducting in the Pay Office from any Arrear of Pay due to the Deceased the Amount of any Arrears of Subscription due by the Deceased to the Military and Orphan Funds, or either of them.

24. The Personal Estate of an Officer or Soldier dying on Service in India, not exceeding One hundred Pounds after Payment of Preferential Charges, and administered and disposed of under this Act without Representation being taken out, shall not be liable to the Payment of any Duty either in India or in the United Kingdom; but this Provision shall not affect any Exemption from Duty existing independently hereof.

25. A Creditor, as such, shall not be deemed a Person entitled to take out Representation to the Deceased within the Meaning of this Part of this Act; nor shall a Creditor taking

out

out Representation as such be entitled by virtue of such Representation to claim from the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, any Part of of the Deceased. r

. /29-1 Where any original Will of an Officer or Soldier dying oh! Service comes to the Htada of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of State for India in Council, /tadi^pr^entation under the same is not taken out, then the Secretary of State for War, ota'lfc^aoretary of Starts for India in Council, as the Case may be, may pause the same to be deposited as follows: roji; Domicil of the Testator was in England, or in India, or in any of Her Majesty's

r Possessions abroad, or in hhv Foreign Country, then Sn the Place for the

- u , i. f Thpe being appointed in London or Middlesex for the Deposit of original Wills brought, into [the Cwrt of Probate:

Where the Domicil of the Testator was in Ireland, then in the Place for. the Time being appointed in Dublin for the Deposit of original Wills brought into the Court of: Probate: .

WbpflPltbfc Domicil of the Testator was in Scotland, then in the Office of the Commissary /, -s Clerk of the Commissary Court of the County of Edinburgh.

Whoro ta Officer or Soldier dies on Service intestate, and under this Act any Residue of his Property comes to the Hands of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of Council, for Disposal, and Representation to the Deceased is not taken

ntat* then* ^he, Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council,

/; as the Case be, may, if it seems fit, cause a Declaration of the Intestacy of such Officer deppsiteril in the Place or Office where the original Will of such Officer or Soldier (if any) would he deposited as aforesaid.

In every such Case the Secretary of State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, may cause to be deposited together with such original Will 'XJ 4tA)eclBrati<tt; of Intestacy an Inventory showing the Personal Property of the Deceased, '^"jffld'*the Application thereof, as far as the same may be known,

Where the>original Will of any Officer or Soldier who has, before the Commencement of r014itiai Par^tf this Act, died on Service is in the Hands of the Secretary of State for War, or of the Secretary of State for India in Council, he may, if it seems fit, at ariy Time cause same lo be deposited in the Place or Office where the original Will.of such Officer or >iU Soldier, would be deposited as aforesaid if he had died after the Commencement of this Part of this Act.

orfi cd^yeiy eneh original Will, Declaration of Intestacy, and Inventory shall be preserved and dealt with, and .may be inspected, subject and according to any General or other Rules or ^UijBrders for regulating such Preservation, Dealing, and Inspection, and for fixing any Fees to be-paVahleiin respect thereof, as may be from Time to Time made in that Behalf by the od Court^ Judge, or other Authority empowered to make General or other Rules or Orders H >nfcn[dike Purposes in relation to other Documents deposited in the Bame Plaoe or Office.

, r yJitfqoiM nof-aoT

dona YTU5 'lOjjfX.O

27. In e

253

entitled to claim Property.

Deposit in Court of Probate, &c. of original Wills in Hands of Secretary of State and Declarations of Intestacy.

1011 ->Uf.' v. \f

PART II. — Desertion and other Cases.

every (jase of Desertion, such Committee of Officers as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, according to the Circumstances of different Cases, herein-after called the n* of Adjustment, shall immediately secure all such of the Deserter's Effects as —

or U Desertion occurs in the United Kingdom, are in Camp or Quarters; and

) o Where the Desertion occurs out of the United Kingdom, are within the Station, Colony,

Ootiffinand;

forthwith make an Inventory thereof, and shall, within Three Months after the *8e^ or into Money such Parts of the Deserter's Effects as do not consist

y^apej thereout pay the Expenses attending the Execution of the Provisions of the

28. The Surplus remaining after such Payment shall be liable to be applied in or towards Payment of any such Expenses and Debts incurred and owing by the Deserter as would, una$r ?ar£ I. of this Act, be Preferential Charges on his Personal Property in case he had

died

On Desertion, Committee of Officers to sell Effects, and pay Expenses.

Application of Surplus.

254

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 57.

died on Service, with the like Preference, in thelike Order, and subject to the like Provision for Decision of Doubt or Difference, as would in that Case apply, as nearly as may be,

mutatis mutandis.

The Committee of Adjustment shall apply the same accordingly, and then shall dispose of any Property remaining in their Hands according to Regulations laid down by Royal Warrant.

Absence with* 29. For the Purposes of this Part of this Act, Absence without Leave for Twenty-one out Leare. Days shall be deemed included in the Term Desertion.

Act to apply 30. The Provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply, as nearly as may be, mutatis and FeIonl1Ce8 mutandis, in the Case of a Soldier delivered up as an Apprentice, or convicted of Felony.

PART III. — Insanity.

In case of 31. Where an Officer or Soldier is removed, put on Half Pay, or discharged, on the

mtoee^f Com" Ground of Insanity, such Committee of Officers as may be prescribed by Royal Warrant, Officers to according to the Circumstances of different Cases, herein-after called the Committee of secure Effects. Adjustment, shall immediately secure all such of his Effects as —

Where the Insanity occurs during Service in the United Kingdom, are in Camp or Quarters; and

Where the Insanity occurs during Service out of the United Kingdom, are within the Station, Colony, or Command.

Liability of 32. The Effects of such an Officer or Soldier shall be liable to be applied in or towards

a"ffUed as for Payment of any such Expenses and Debts incurred and owing by him as would, under

yment of* Part L of this Act, be Preferential Charges on his Personal Property in case he had died Preferential on Service, with the like Preference, in the like Order, and subject to the like Provision

ChaT«eB> for Decision of Doubt or Difference, as would in that Case apply, as nearly as may be,

mutatis mutandis.

if Preferential 33. If any Person who would, if such Officer or Soldier were dead, be entitled to take

Chw-ges not out Representation to him (otherwise than as a Creditor), or his Wife (if any ^, or any near ^nmnu^to°r Relative, pays in full the Expenses and Debts aforesaid, the Committee of Adjustment shall sell and apply not further interfere in relation to the Property.

Proceeds. If payment [8 not made, then, within One Month after the Removal, putting on

Half Pay, or Discharge, is known at the Quarters where the Effects are, the Committee of Adjustment may and shall sell or convert into Money such Parts of the Effects as do not consist of Money, and, after paying thereout the Expenses attending the Discharge of their Duties, shall pay thereout the Expenses and Debts aforesaid, and shall dispose of any Property then remaining in their Hands as may be prescribed by Royal, Warrant, to the end that the same may be applied for the Benefit of the Officer or Soldier to whom it belongs.

Power to War 34. Where an Officer is put on Half Pay on the Ground of Insanity, the Secretary of or India Office State for War, or the Secretary of State for India in Council, as the Case may be, may, if H*dfPPay, 8 it seems fit, pay to the Person charged with the Care and Maintenance of such Officer, all case of insanity, or any Part of his Half Pay, to be applied for his Care and Maintenance, s for his Benefit

PART IV. — General Provisions.

Validity of 35. Every Payment or Application of Money, and every Sale or other Disposition of Sai^&c*' Property, made by the Secretary of State for War, or by the Secretary of State for India under this Act. in Council, or by any Committee of Adjustment, or by any Paymaster or other Officer or Person, in pursuance of this Act, or of any Royal Warrant for carrying this Act into effect, shall be good and valid as against all Persons whomsoever; and every such Secretary of State, and every Officer belonging to any such Committee, and every such Paymaster, Officer, or Person as aforesaid shall be, by virtue of this Act, absolutely discharged from all Liability in respect Qf the Money or other Property so paid, applied, or disposed of.

36. Her

Indemnity to Officers and others acting under it

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, 57.

36. Her Majesty may from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, do all such Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be done by Royal Warrant, and also prescribe such Regulations *as may seem fit, for the better Execution of any of the Purpose* of this Act

Every Royal Warrant made under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Sitting of Parliament.

37# This Act shall, with respect to the making of any Royal Warrant under it, take effect from its passing, and in all other respects shall take effect from the Time appointed for its Commencement in the Royal Warrant first made under it.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

58 GeOf 3. c. 73. An Act for regulating the Payment of Regi- Sections One, Two, and

mental Debts and the Distribution of the Three.

-.-it . 6 $1. - Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers. An Act to amend Two Acts; of the Fifty- The whole.

V, ' ,; f. ' ', iii'jl' rro r 1' i; ' *, i # a ... i »r j - eighth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers; and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service

of the East India Company. An Act to make further Regulations with Section Five, except as to

C. 4fl. .r 20 ft'ii 'Jici, c, 66. - respect to Army Pensioners. Pension or Prize Money.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion Sections Sixty-one to Sixty-

of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of six, both inclusive.

.r.yiK'l > - V: 26 & 27 Vict. c, 8. - the East India Company, and for regulating in such Service the Payment of Regimental Debts and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in the Service. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Sections Ninety-eight to

One hundred and two, both inclusive.

255

Further Regulations by Royal Warrant.

[Commencement of Act.]

10th Report, dated 27th February 1863.

Scheme confirmed.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charity of Sir Robert Hitcham, Knight, King's Serjeant, for the Benefit of Framlingham, Debenham, and Levington, in the County of Suffolk, and of Coggeshall in the County of Essex.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, in their Report to 4 T Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eight hundred 4' and sixty-two, have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified (among other Schemes for the Application and Management of Charities) a Scheme for The 4 Charity of Sir Robert Hitcham, Knight, King's Serjeant, for the Benefit of Framlingham, 4 Debenham, and Levington, in the County of Suffolk, and of Coggeshall in the County of Essex," and such Scheme is set out in the Appendix to their said Report: And whereas it is expedient that the said Scheme, as the same is set out in the Schedule to this Act, should be confirmed Be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The said Scheme shall be confirmed and take effect.

SCHEDULE.

Scheme

For the Management and Regulation of the under-mentioned Charity, viz.

The Charity of Sir Robert Hitcham, Knight, King's Serjeant, for the Benefit of

Framlingham, Debenham, and Levington, in the County of Suffolk, and of

Coggeshall in the County of Essex.

1. The Charity shall be managed by the Master and Fellows of Pembroke College in the University of Cambridge (which said Master and Fellows are herein-after called the College), and their successors, for the purposes and according to the provisions of this Scheme, from the time herein-after appointed for its coming into operation.

2. The almshouse founded at Framlingham for twelve poor persons there, and also the almshouse founded at Levington in the County of Suffolk for six poor females of Levington and Nacton, and the school founded at Framlingham for teaching thirty or forty or more of the poorest and neediest children of the towns of Framlingham, Debenham, and Coggeshall to read, write, and cast accounts, and now consisting of a school for boys and a school for girls, and the schools which have been erected at Debenham and Coggeshall respectively for the education of boys, shall be respectively maintained out of the income of the said Charity.

3. The allowance now made of forty-five pounds a year to the reader of daily prayers in the Church of Framlingham, and the annual payment of seven pounds ten shillings to the parish clerk at Framlingham, shall be respectively continued.

4. For the purpose of paying off the debt of three thousand three hundred pounds or thereabouts, incurred in and for building the school at Coggeshall, and for repairing and renewing the farm buildings on several of the trust estates, and in order to provide for the due payment of the interest thereon, the annual sum of two hundred pounds, with a sufficient sum to keep down the interest of the said debt, shall be a first charge on the revenues of the Charity, and the College shall invest the said sum of two hundred pounds yearly in consolidated Three pound per cent, annuities, together with the dividends or interest accruing thereon from time to time, so as to form a sinking fund, to be applied in

5.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 58. 257

the first place to extinguish the said debt, and thereafter, so soon as the whole debt shall have been paid off, the like accumulation shall continue to be made until such time as, in the judgment of the said College (subject to the approval of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales), the annual interest of the fund so accumulated shall be sufficient, in ordinary years, to cover the expense of the management of the estates and the repairs and renewals of the buildings thereon; and from and after that time the annual investment of two hundred pounds shall cease, and that sum shall become available foe the general purposes of the Charity.

5. In any year in which the expense of repairs and improvements on the Charity estates shall not exceed twenty pounds per cent of the gross rents and profits of those estates for that year, the same shall be deemed ordinary expenses, and shall be charged against the income of that year; but if the College shall, with the approval of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, incur in any year a larger or extraordinary expenditure for such repairs or improvements, then such expenditure shall not be charged wholly against the income of that year, but the excess beyond twenty pounds per cent, shall be defrayed by means of an advance or loan to be made or procured by the College on account of the Charity, the principal of which shall be repaid either out of a sinking fund to be formed for that purpose, in like manner as herein-before expressed, or out of the income of the Charity, by equal annual nstalments extending over not more than twenty years, and the interest on which advance or loan, or the unextinguished part thereof, at a rate not exceeding five pounds per cent per annum, shall be paid out of the income of the Charity for the current year.

6. The said College shall also be at liberty, with the previous sanction of the said Charity Commissioners, from time to time to defray by means of an advance or loan, to be made or procured upon the terms aforesaid, or upon any other terms to be approved by the said Charity Commissioners, any unusual expenditure which they may think it necessary to incur in any year, in or about the repairing or restoring any of the almshouses or school-houses belonging or attached to the Charity.

7. The said College may grant and convey a piece or parcel of freehold land not exceeding fifteen acres, on such part of the estates situate in the parish of Framlingham belonging to the said Charity as may be best suited for the purpose, as and for a site for a School or College for the better education of the middle classes of the county of Suffolk, to be known as the Albert Memorial School or College.

8. So far as the endowments of the said Charity are not affected by any provisions of this scheme, the same shall be administered by the said College under and subject to the trusts declared by the will of Sir Robert Hitcham, the founder.

9. This scheme shall come into operation at the expiration of two calendar months next after the passing of the Act establishing the same.

10. If any doubt or question shall arise as to the proper construction or application of any of the provisions of this Scheme, or as to the management of the Charity, application may be made by the College to the Charity Commissioners of England and Wales for direction thereon, which direction, when given, shall be binding on the College; and any provision herein contained which may be found inconvenient or insufficient, or to require to be more exactly adapted to the circumstances of the Charity for the time being, mAy be modified, explained, extended, or adapted accordingly, by an order either of the Court of Chancery, or of the said Commissioners, to be made upon the application of the College, so that no such order shall involve any deviation from the main objects and principles of this Scheme.

26 & 27 Vict.

Kk

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

10th Report, dated 27th Feb. 1863.

Scheme confirmed.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Management of the Charities in the Borough of Ruthin in the County of Denbigh, comprising the Hospital of Christ and its subsidiary Endowments, the Grammar School, Edward Lloyd's Foundation, and Bishop Goodman's Charity.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, in their Report to f Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eigjht hundred

and sixty-two, have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified (among other Schemes for the Application and Management of Charities) a Scheme for " The c " Charities in the Borough of Ruthin in the County of Denbigh, comprising the Hospital ((i of Christ and its subsidiary Endowments, the Grammar School, Edward Lloyd's Foun- " dation, and Bishop Goodman's Charity," and such Scheme is set out in the Appendix to ' their said Report: And whereas it is expedient that the said Scheme, as the same is f set out in the Schedule to this Act, should be confirmed:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Scheme shall be confirmed and take effect.

SCHEDULE.

Scheme for the Regulation and Management of the Charities known as —

The Hospital of Christ, and its subsidiary endowments, comprising the gifts of —

Sir Robert Salusbury,

Rice Williams,

Peter Davis,

Hugh Pugh,

John Spire,

Middleton and Jones,

J. Madock,

Grace Parry,

J. S. Hughes,

The Grammar School,

Edward Lloyd's Foundation, and Bishop Goodman's Charity, in the borough and parish of Ruthin in the county of Denbigh, and elsewhere.

SCHEME.

1. The Charities shall be administered by one body of Governors, six of whom (being the several official persons next herein-after mentioned) shall be distinguished as " the official Governors," and the remainder of whom shall be distinguished as the " non-official Governors."

The Lord Bishop of St. Asaph \

The Lord Bishop of Bangor;

The Dean of St. Asaph;

The Mayor of Ruthin;

The Warden of the Hospital of Christ in Ruthin; and

The Master of the Grammar School in Ruthin, respectively, and their respective successors for the time being, in right and during tenure of their respective offices, shall be the official Governors; and the following eight persons shall be the first non-official Governors, viz.

The Right Hon. Spencer Bulkeley Lord Newborough;

Townsend

259

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 59.

Townsend Mainwaring, of Galtfoenan, Esq .;

Richard Miles Wynne, of Egarth House, Esq .;

John Jesse, of Llanbedr, Esq .;

The Rev. Edward Thelwall, of Llanbedr-Dyffryn-Clwyd, clerk;

The Rev. James Jones, of Llanfwrog, clerk;

The Rev. Francis Owen, of Efeenechtyd, clerk; and

The Rev. Reginald Hughes, of Llansantffraid-Glyn-Ceiring, clerk.

The said Charities, as reconstituted and regulated by this scheme, shall be called (t The Hospital, Grammar School, and Exhibition Charities of Ruthin/ '

2. The legal estate in all lands, tenements, and hereditaments belonging to or held in trust for the said Charities respectively shall be vested in the official Trustee of Charity Lands/ and his successors, in trust for the several Charities entitled thereto.

All sums of stock and money, and all securities for money, belonging to the said Charities respectively, shall be transferred to and vested in "the official Trustees of Charitable Funds/' in trust for the respective Charities entitled thereto.

3. The full permanent number of non-official Governors shall be six.

Any non-official Governor who shall become bankrupt or incapacitated to act, or who shall not attend any meeting of the Governors during a consecutive period of two years, shall in any of such cases immediately cease to be a Governor; and when the number of non-official Governors shall thereby, or by death or resignation, be reduced to less than six, a new non-official Governor, being a person duly qualified by his attainments, station in life, and place of residence, to discharge the duties of his office, shall be appointed at the next half-yearly meeting of the Governors which shall be held after the lapse of one calendar month from the occurrence of such vacancy, by a resolution to be forthwith notified by them, with all proper information, to the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, at their office in London; but no such appointment shall be valid until the same shall have been approved by the said Commissioners, and their approval certified under their official seal.

4. The Governors shall hold meetings in some convenient place at Ruthin or elsewhere, as often as may be found necessary for the management of the Charities, and there shall be two regular half-yearly meetings, which shall be held respectively on the second Wednesday in March and the second Wednesday in September in each year, unless the Governors shall at some previous meeting fix some other convenient day in the same months respectively for the holding of any such half-yearly meeting.

The Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, or in his absence the Lord Bishop of Bangor, if present, shall be the chairman at every meeting. In the absence of both Bishops, the Governors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman. Five Governors shall form a quorum at any meeting.

Any two Governors may summon a special meeting, giving ten days' previous notice in writing to the other Governors, and specifying in such notice the object of such meeting, and no other business than that so specified shall be transacted at any such meeting. All matters and questions shall be determined by the majority of the Governors present at any meeting, and in case of equality of votes the chairman shall have a double or casting vote.

5. A minute book and proper books of account shall be provided by the Governors, and kept in some convenient and secure place of deposit to be provided or appointed by them for that purpose, and minutes of the entry into office or the appointment of every new Governor, and of all proceedings of the Governors, shall be entered in the minute book.

6. Full and separate accounts shall be kept of the receipts and expenditure of the Governors in respect of the Hospital, the Grammar School, and Exhibition Charities, in the books to be provided for that purpose; and such accounts shall be examined and passed annually at the March meeting, and signed by the Governors then present.

7. The Governors shall appoint and employ a person as clerk and treasurer, at an annual salary to be fixed from time to time by the Governors, with the approbation of the Charity Commissioners, and to be paid rateably out of the income of the Charities, exclusive of the Grammar School; and such person shall prepare and send all requisite notices, and attend the meetings of the Governors, and keep the minutes of the proceedings

Kk 2 at

1360

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

at such meetings; and he shall also keep the accounts of the Charities, and shall receive the rents and income, and make the several payments thereout, under the immediate control and superintendence of the Governors, who shall be responsible for the due application by him of all such monies, and he shall discharge such other duties connected with the Charities as shall be properly required of him by the Governors.

8. All the estates and property of the Charities not required to be retained or occupied for the purposes thereof shall be let and otherwise managed by the Governors, and in every case public notice of the intention to let any land or other property shall be given by the said Governors in the said parish of Ruthin, and also in any different parish or parishes in which such land or property shall be situate, in such manner as they shall consider most effectual for giving full publicity to such intention, at least three weeks previously, and no lease shall be granted in reversion, or for more than seven years certain, or for less than the improved annual value at rack rent, without the sanction of the Charity Commissioners or a competent court.

9. Any money arising from the sale of timber or from any mines or minerals on the Charity estate shall be treated as capital, and invested in the Government funds, in the name of the official trustees of charitable funds, in trust for the Charities, except in any special cases in which the Governors may be authorized by the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales to apply such money or any part thereof as income.

10. The Governors shall, out of the yearly income of the property comprised-in the First

Schedule hereto annexed (being that derived from Bishop Goodman's Charity), pay the annual sum of thirty pounds in equal moieties, at Lady Day and Michaelmas, in respect of Bishop Goodman's gift for the poor of Ruthin, unto the Trustees of the Charities of the town of Ruthin, to be appointed according to a scheme to be prepared by the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales; and the same yearly sum shall be applied by the said Trustees, according to the provisions of such scheme, for the benefit of the poor of Ruthin .;

11. The further yearly sum of seventy pounds shall be applied by the Governors out of the annual income of the said property comprised in the said First Schedule, in binding out as apprentices, or in otherwise advancing in the world, in such manner and subject to such regulations as shall be prescribed by the said Governors, young poor persons of good character of either sex, bom in Ruthin, or being the children of poor persons who shall have been resident in that parish for a period of not less than three years next before such binding or advancement. The selection of poor persons under this provision shall be made in all cases by the Governors at some meeting of their body, due -regard being had to the respective characters and other qualifications of the applicants. r

12. The further yearly sum of sixty pounds shall be set apart by the Goveradrs out of the income of the said property comprised in the said First Schedule, and shall be earned by them to the account of "The Exhibition Endowment " hereinafter mentioned, i *

13. The residue of the said yearly income of the property comprised in the said First

Schedule shall be carried by the Governors to the account of "The Hospital Endowment " herein-after mentioned. '

14. The Governors shall pay one third part of the clear yearly income of the property comprised in the second part of the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, and distinguished as Pugh's Gift, unto the rector of Llanbedr, and one other like third part of the same income unto the rector of Llanfwrog, to be held and applied by the said rectors respectively upon the trusts of the will of the Rev. Hugh Pugh.

15. The remainder of the clear yearly income of the property comprised in the Said Second Schedule (being that derived from the endowments of Dean Goodman and others for the benefit of the Hospital), together with the residue of the income of the properly in; the said First Schedule, which shall remain after the several annual payments aforesaid, shall constitute " The Hospital Endowment," and shall be applied by the Governors for the purposes of the Hospital herein-after mentioned, in accordance with the provisions of this scheme.

15. The property comprised in the Third Schedule hereunto annexed (being that belonging to the Grammar School) shall constitute " The Grammar Sohod Endowment, "

and

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 59. 261

and shall be held and applied by the said Governors in trust for the purposes of the Grammar School hereinafter mentioned, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this scheme.

16. The property comprised in the Fourth Schedule hereunto annexed (being that derived from Edward Lloyd's Foundation), shall, together with the yearly sum of sixty pounds mentioned in the 12th clause of this scheme, constitute " The Exhibition Endowment," and shall be held and applied by the Governors for the purposes of the Exhibition Charity herein-after mentioned, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of this scheme-

As to the Hospital

17. The Governors shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the present hospital buildings to be reconstructed, according to plans to be approved'by the Charity Commissioners, and shall appropriate to that object, with the like approval, the cash balances in hand, and the whole or any necessary part of the sum of 583/. 16s. consols, now standing to the credit of Bishop Goodman's Charity.

The hospital building and the appurtenances shall be used only for the purposes of the Charity, and shall be kept in repair and insured against fire by the Governors out of the income of the Hospital Endowment.

18* The establishment of the Hospital shall consist of a warden and 12 almspeople, of whom 10 shall be poor men, to be called " Brethren," and two shall be poor women, to be called "Sisters."

10. The warden, who shall be appointed as heretofore, shall discharge the clerical duties hitherto incident to his office or customarily performed by him, and shall be amenable to the ordinary jurisdiction of the bishop of the diocese in respect thereof.

The warden shall reside in the house in Kuthin known as " The Cloisters," which, with the appurtenances, shall be kept in repair by him, and he shall in respect thereof be subject to the same liabilities, and enjoy the same privileges, as a parochial incumbent in respect of his parsonage or vicarage house.

20. The Governors shall pay to the warden, out of the income of the Hospital Endowment, by equal half-yearly payments, the annual stipend or sum of three hundred pounds,

; dear of all deductions, except for property or income tax. But whenever there shall be any surplus income of the said Hospital Endowment, after providing for and satisfying the several payments and objects directed or contemplated by this scheme, such surplus shall be ' applied by the Governors in augmenting the warden's stipend to an amount not exceeding in any year the sum of four hundred pounds.

21. This scheme shall not alter or affect the relative rights or interests of the warden of the Hospital, and the Reverend Edward Hugh Davies, the present stipendiary curate of Llanrhydd, during the tenure of the said curacy by him, but from and after the avoidance of such curacy by the said Edward Hugh Davies, the warden of the said Hospital for the time being shall be deemed to be the incumbent or perpetual curate of the parishes of Ruthin and Llanrhydd, subject in all respects as any other incumbent to the jurisdiction to itlm bishop of the diocese, and to the obligation of nominating and paying, under the control of the said bishop, a curate or curates for the due performance of the spiritual duties of such incumbency. It shall, however, be lawful for the bishop of the diocese, at any time after the avoidance of the office of warden of the said Hospital by the present warden, or during his tenure of the said office with his assent, to direct that the said two parishes of Ruthin and Llanrhydd shall be severed, and held separately thereafter as distinct ecclesiastical benefices; and from and after such severance the said parish of Llanrhydd shall be deemed to be a perpetual curacy, the patronage whereof shall be vested in the warden of the Hospital of Christ in Ruthin and his successors, and the Governors shall thenceforth pay to the perpetual curate or incumbent of the same parish a yearly stipend or sum of not less than eighty pounds and not more than one hundred pounds, to be provided out of, and deducted from, , the annual stipend or sum hereby directed to be paid to the warden of the said Hospital put of the income of the Hospital endowment.

22. The Hospital Building shall be appropriated and used for the occupation of the almspeople, in such a manner and subject to such reasonable regulations as the Governors may frqmthne; totime prescribe* consistently with the provisions of this scheme-

202

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

23. The almspeople respectively shall be poor persons, not less than fifty years of age, of good character, and not having a wife or husband living, who shall have resided in the borough of Ruthin without receiving parish relief, for not less than three years next preceding the time of their appointment, and who, from age, ill-health, accident, or infirmity, shall be unable to maintain themselves by their own exertions, with a preference for those persons who, being otherwise qualified as aforesaid, shall have become reduced by misfortune from better circumstances.

Whenever there shall be no proper candidate for a vacancy in the Hospital from the borough of Ruthin, poor persons from the deanery of Dyffryn Clwyd, having the like qualifications, shall be eligible for the appointment.

24. There shall be paid to each almsperson, out of the income of the Hospital Endowment, a weekly sum of not less than six shillings, and the Governors, in lieu of paying the whole amount of such weekly Bums in money, may from time to time expend any suitable portions thereof in providing the almspeople respectively with fuel, clothing, or other necessaries or comforts, as the Governors in their discretion shall think fit.

25. Every vacancy in the Hospital shall be filled up by the Governors, by the appointment of some duly qualified person at their next half-yearly meeting which shall be held after the lapse of one calendar month from the occurrence of such vacancy.

26. No appointment shall be made by the Governors to fill any vacancy in the Hospital, until a notice of such vacancy, specifying the qualification required from candidates, shall have been affixed to or near the principal outer door or entrance gate of the Hospital, and of the parish church of Ruthin, respectively, for the period of 15 days at the least. Such notice shall be given in every case before the expiration of one calendar month from the occurrence of the vacancy, and may be in the form inserted in the Schedule No. 5.

27. The Governors shall provide and keep a book, in which shall be entered the names, ages, and descriptions of all persons appointed to the Hospital, together with the dates of their respective appointments, and the date and occasion of every vacancy.

28. Application for admission to the Hospital shall be made to the Governors or their clerk, either personally or in writing, and every applicant must be prepared with sufficient testimonials and other evidence of (his) or (her) qualification for the appointment.

29. The Governors may, if they shall so think fit, and whenever the income and resources of the Charity shall suffice for the purpose, appoint a medical officer to attend upon the almspeople, and to supply them with medicines, and such medical appliances as may be necessary, at a yearly salary not exceeding ten pounds, such salary to include the cost of such medicines and appliances; and they may also provide the almspeople with any necessary attendance in case of illness, at the cost of the Charity.

30. If any almsperson shall be guilty of insobriety, insubordination, breach of rules, or immoral or unbecoming conduct, or shall become disqualified from retaining (his) or (her) appointment, or if in any case it should appear that any almsperson has been appointed without having the required qualifications, the Governors, upon proof thereof to their satisfaction, may remove such almsperson, and take possession of the tenement or room occupied by (him) or (her), and may proceed to appoint another almsperson in (his) or (her) place, or in any such case (except that of disqualification) the Governors may, if they so think fit, suspend the payment of the stipend to the almsperson, either wholly or in part, during such time as they shall think fit and expedient.

31. No almsperson shall be permitted to let or part with the possession of the room or rooms allotted to (him) or (her) or to suffer any stranger to occupy the same, or any part thereof.

32. The Governors may from time to time prescribe such reasonable regulations as they may consider expedient for the government of the almshouses and the inmates thereof, provided that no such regulation be at variance or inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Scheme.

An to the Grammar School.

33. The school buildings and the master's house and appurtenances shall be kept in repair and insured against fire, and all rates and taxes chargeable thereon paid by the Governors, out of the yearly income of the school endowment.

34. The object of the school shall be to provide for the sons of the inhabitants of Ruthin

and

263

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

and Llanelidan, in the first place, and (subject to the preferential right of inhabitants of those localities to the benefit of the school) for the sons of all other persons, a sound, classical, commercial, and generally useful education, at a moderate cost; and the Governors, -with the sanction and approval of the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, shall (subject as herein-after mentioned) make and establish, from time to time, proper rules and regulations with regard to the nature of the instruction to be given at the said school, for the admission thereto of boarders, for the payment, regulation, and application of capitation fees, the establishment of prizes, and for dividing the school (if found necessary or proper for the purposes of convenient instruction) into separate departments or sections, and for the appointment of such under-masters, teachers, and instructors as may be required, with such salaries as may be thought proper* and as the circumstances will admit, and generally for the constitution, government, and conduct of the school, and the masters and scholars thereof.

35. So long as the Reverend E. L. Barnwell, the present master of the school, shall continue to hold the office of master, there shall be one master and one under-master of the school; and the said Reverend E. L. Barnwell shall retain the right heretofore enjoyed by the master of appointing the under-master.

36. The said E. L. Barnwell, during his tenure of the said office of master of the said school, shall be entitled to receive two thirds of the net annual income of the said school endowment; and the under-master appointed or to be appointed by him shall be entitled to receive the remaining one third of such income, for their respective salaries or stipends.

Any regulation to be made by the Governors under the provisions of this scheme, relative to the amount of the capitation fees or other payments to the master or under-master, shall, during the tenure of office by the said Reverend E. L. Barnwell, be subject to his assent-

37. Upon the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of master, notice shall forthwith be given by the clerk to the bishop of the diocese, and sufficient notices shall likewise be inserted by the clerk, at the cost of the Charity, in at least one local newspaper, and in some one or more newspaper published in Oxford, Cambridge, and London, respectively, announcing the vacancy, and inviting candidates to apply for the office.

The master shall be appointed by the bishop of the diocese, not sooner than six weeks, and not later than twelve weeks, after the occurrence of the vacancy, and if the said bishop shall from any cause fail or omit to appoint a new master before the expiration of the said period of twelve weeks, the right of appointment shall for that occasion lapse to the Governors and be exercised by them.

38. Subject to the rights of the present master and usher, the master and under-master respectively shall be removeable by the Governors at any time for reasonable cause, or without the assignment of cause, after three months notice in Writing from the Governors, according to the resolution of any meeting of the Governors, in which resolution not less than two thirds of their whole number shalPconcur.

Provided, nevertheless, that no such removal shall be valid or complete until the assent in writing of the bishop of the diocese shall have' been given thereto.

39. Nothing herein contained shall authorize any act whereby the income of the present master or under-master shall be diminished, or their tenure of office rendered less secure than at present, without their respective assent

As to the Exhibition Charity.

40. The income of the Exhibition Endowment shall be applied by the Governors in the payment of exhibitions or scholarships at some university in England to young men educated at the said Grammar School, and elected therefrom after sufficient examination, in such proportions or amounts, for such periods, and according to such rules and regulations, as the Governors, with the sanction of the Charity Commissioners, shall from time to time direct.

Provided, nevertheless, that if in*any year or years, owing to the want of duly qualified candidates, or from any other sufficient cause, the whole of the annual income of the said Exhibition Endowment shall not be required for the payment of the aforesaid exhibitions or scholarships, the amount of such income so remaining undisposed of shall be applicable to the repair of the school buildings and the extraordinary requirements of the school, and shall be reserved and accumulated by the Governors as* a fund* for those purposes, subject -to the order or direction of the Charity Commissioners.

41. In

26° & 27" Vifcf otiia; , c. 59.

41. In the event of the increase or diminution of the income of the respective estates comprised in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, the Governors, with the sanction of the Charity Commissioners, may from time to time increase or reduce as the case may require, the amount of the annual sums payable under the foregoing provisions out of the income of the same estates respectively.

42. If any doubt or question shall arise amongst the Governors, or any of then *, as to the propel construction or application of any of the provisions of this scheme, or the management of the charities, application may be made by the Governors to the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, for their opinion and advice thereon, which when given shall be binding on the Governors; and any provision in this scheme which may require to be explained, or more closely adapted to the circumstances for the time being of the Charities, may be explained and adapted accordingly by an order of the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, to be made upon the application of the Governors to the said Board.

Schedule 1.

Description. Contents. Income.

Lands and tenements at Llanberis in the county of rC^n^ou. r, Yale estate, situated at Llanarmon ii> Yale in the qounty of Denbigh (. t k r — — — — — — —, — T"-n t. t1 . r^'.fiTTttr, iu, m; j; ''.'; T I '*'W *1 t & d* ilaPj

jtnWiif 'tf '[i 1 t-5*'-1; *. rrmrrftT, i| tr"

Schedule 2. ' f

Description , :, Contents. *noem& \

Part 1. Site of cloister and hospital, tithes of Ruthin and Llanrhydd A. R. P. .i ] j" Jt - £ 8. d. 462 10 0

Salusbury's Gift:

Tyr Tylodion ---- 7 1 33 10 0 0

Rent-charge from Ydoll Rhydowen - — 2 0 0

Rice Williams' Gift:

Rent-charge from Egarth -Peter Davies' Gift: — 4 0 0

Houses at Llanrhydd and Ruthin - — 11 0 0

John Spires'Gift: ' > i . [m'C''; */. li/

House and garden - j £639 19 T n r; 5 in$k !*>

Turnpike bonds - 31 19 6

Part 2. - </. :4Um M; iJ

Pugh's Gift:

House and land in Llanbedr - 13 1 0 19 0 0

. ..... ..... ... — f, 545.14 1L

Schedule 3.

— 1 School, school-house, garden, and appurtenances adjoining the Church and Hospital of Christ at Ruthin -One moiety of the great and small tithes of the parish of Llanelidan, commuted at 600/. by agreement confirmed 23d April 1839, the moiety being - - i . r "'* .1 300 0 0 . (: ., -i

T7JZ

26° & %TVipTPKIxE., *.£», 60-

aaiiiiaa _ii- -w

Schedule 4,

-1 [Eiihliliiliili tn

M

k! .: i '

t{, "In noii.'vrix: ' i i i: i-j '/ .'"J ' rh j) j7-.fi fijf - f ».* ill

---- estate, situated wj ?ktro in the pariah of J^oW w Ae/

fT-.i

Money of:

Stodfc^-; .

,; l!i *0 .OrflUil.'* 'list 1-'(imJO -j wr»> iifutMiMrMbor, 1*: i i

yjiui if*)jf!vv 'oil r;

V) £>ffi )d <dIM !*iv i vr'1

\c, hvi-nM ., :!.! K: Il± I

I ii

1

* :*'» f i>:uiwO

, a. ., 4. JOO 0 ft;

9, 6.6' 6 127'2

U'-Jl.

£115 12 2 25 0 0

III I i I- — i 1»I %

£140 12ii 2u

; ' i ., .

rtiomovjf) coiv

7!'0 ' I

Schedule 5.

(4 /

In the matter of the Hospital Charity of Ruthin.

The Governors of this Charity give notice that they will, on the

day of IB, proceed to elect an alms. to M a vacancy in the

Hospital which has been occasioned by the of . The election will

take place-at o'clock on that day, at poor of good

character, who have been resident in the parish of for three years at least, an<

who, from age, ill-health, accident, or infirmity, are unable to maintain themselves by their own exertions, are eligible for the appointment, those persons who have become reduced by misfortune from better circumstances being entitled to a preference *

Application for the appointment must i)e made either "personally or irf writing to TKcT Governors, or their clerk, at fourteen days at least previously to the

election. "Everyapplicant must state his or her name, address, age, and occupation, and must be-prepared with sufficient testimonials and other evidence of his or her qualification

for the appointment.

By order

(Signed) Clerk .;

0

CAP. LX.

An Act to Iconfirm a certain Provisional Order under the General Police and Improvement ^Scotland) Act, 1862, relating to the Burgh of Leith.

/ / l ' ' [21st July 1863.]

Vif HEfoE^AS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the General

Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, (25 & 26 Vict. cap. 101.,) duly made 25 & 26 Vict. ' a certain Provisional Order, which is contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and c* 101

it is provided by the first herein-before recited Act that no such Order shall be of any ' Validity whatever until it has been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Order shall be so eonfirmedV Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, -in' this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

i i

1. The Provisional Order* contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and Provisional after the passing of this Act, be absolute and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect con

as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act, except in so far as finned, the said Provisional Order is inconsistent with the Nineteenth Clause of the General Police

---2T jT2TVICT.-- -- - Lt " and

This Act and 25 & 26 Vict c. 101. to be as One.

Exemption in Sect. 45. of 11 & 12 Vict. c. cxxiii. to continue in force.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 60.

and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, the Provisions contained in which Clause shall apply to all Assessments which shall be made under the said Provisional Order or this Act upon Lands or Premises of the Description specified in that Clause.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, and shall be as if this Act and the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, were One Act.

3. The Exemption contained in the Forty-fifth Clause of the Local Police Act recited in the said Provisional Order shall continue in full Force, notwithstanding the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, and shall extend to all Assessments to be made under the same other than the Assessment provided for under the One hundred and seventeenth Section of said Local Police Act, so far as the same may now be leviable under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, and the Assessments authorized under the Second Section of the said Provisional Order.

4. In citing this Act in any other Act, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1862."

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

LEITH.

General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862. —

(25 & 26 Vict. cap. 101.)

Whereas in pursuance of the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, the Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the Burgh of Leith adopted the said Act," in whole."

And whereas at the date of the said adoption there was in operation in the said Burgh a Local Police Act, in which were contained certain matters not provided for in the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act.

And whereas there is in the said Burgh a Local Act now in force (9 & 10 Vict. cap. cxxv.) having relation to certain Roads or Streets within the said Burgh, formerly called or known by the name of Statute Labour Roads or Streets, under which Acts an assessment is levied for the maintenance thereof upon " the Tenants and Occupiers of Dwelling-houses," every other description of Property being exempt from the said assessment.

And whereas a Petition under the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act has been addressed to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal and alteration of certain portions of the said Local Act, and that provision may be made in respect thereto.

And whereas it is desirable to state the parts of the said Local Police Act which relate to matters not provided for by the Act so adopted as aforesaid, and remaining in force notwithstanding such adoption, and that provision should otherwise be made to regulate the future application and execution of the said General Act and the other Act above referred to now in force within the said Burgh.

And whereas due inquiry has been directed and held in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, 1, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order —

1. — The Parts of the Local Police Act 11 & 12 Vict. cap. cxxiii., mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be repealed, and the other parts of the said Act mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be held as relating to matters not provided for in the above-mentioned General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act,

and

267

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 60, 61.

and not repealed; and the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, and the parte of the said Local Police Act not hereby repealed shall be incorporated and read as one Act so far as regards the Burgh of Leith.

2. — All future assessments for the maintenance of the said roads or streets under the superintendence and management of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said Burgh of Leith, as Trustees for the Leith District of Koads, shall be charged upon or levied from the tenants and occupiers of all lands and heritages, instead of from " the tenants and occupiers of dwelling-houses " only, and that according to the Valuation Roll made up and completed in terms of the Acts in force for the valuation of lands and heritages in Scotland, but only for a period of seven years from and after the first term of Whitsunday after the passing of the Act confirming this Provisional Order; and the whole powers and jurisdictions relative to the recovery of the assessments presently levied for the maintenance of the said roads or streets now in force shall extend and apply to the assessments hereby authorized to be charged and levied.

3. — During the currency of the said period the said roads or streets shall be properly paved, and at the expiry of the said seven years the said assessment shall cease and determine, and thereafter the said roads or streets shall be maintained and dealt with in the same

_ manner as the other streets of the Burgh, and all funds and all obligations applicable to the said other streets in the Burgh shall be applicable to the said roads or streets.

4. — In the event of the said roads or streets being paved to the satisfaction of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council of Leith, as Commissioners of Police for the said Burgh, within a less period than the period of seven years aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Provost, Magistrates, and Council, as Commissioners aforesaid, to undertake the future maintenance and repair thereof, in which event the separate assessments therefor shall cease and determine in the same manner as if the said period of seven years had expired.

5. — Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the said roads or streets from the provisions of any General Act relating to Statute Labour Roads or Streets which may be passed during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

Given under my hand and seal this 19th day of June 1863.

(Signed) G. Gret.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Police Act (11 & 12 Vict. cap. cxxiii.) referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows: —

So much of the herein-before Act of the 11th and 12th years of the reign of Her present Majesty (cap. cxxiii.) as is included in the sections thereof numbered respectively in the copies thereof printed by the Queen's Printers, 2, 8 to 14, both inclusive; 22 to 29, both inclusive; 31, 33 to 61, both inclusive; 68, 71, 72, 74to 93, inclusive; 99to 116, both inclusive; 118 to 261, both inclusive; and 263 to 270, both inclusive.

The parts of the said Local Police Act referred to in this Order to be held as not repealed, and to apply to the Burgh of Leith, are as follows: —

So much of the herein-before recited Act of the 11th and 12th years of the reign of Her present Majesty (cap. cxxiii.) asfs included in the sections thereof numbered respectively in the copies thereof printed by the Queen's Printers 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 15 to 21, inclusive; 30, 32, 62 to 67, inclusive; 69, 70, 73, 94 to 98, inclusive; 117, 262, and 271.

An Act to District.

CAP. LXL prevent W&ywardens contracting for Works

within their own [21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Waywardens appointed under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the better Management of High ways in England, should be prevented from contracting for any Works to be executed

L1 2 ' under

25 & 26 Vict c. 61.

Penalty on Waywardens being concerned in Contracts within their own Districts.

Highway Boards not liable to pay for any Work so contracted for.

This Act to be as Part of recited Act.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. M, 62, 63.

under the said Act within their own Districts Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. No such Waywarden shall directly or indirectly, in his own Name or in the Name! of any other Person or Persons, contract for the Repair of any Road, or for any other Work to be executed under the Provisions of the said recited Act within the Pariah for which he is elected Waywarden, or within any other Parish in the same District, under the Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Ten Pounds, with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action for Debt in any County Court within the Jurisdiction of which the Parish in which the Roads to be repaired, or the other Work so contracted for, is situate.

2. It shall not be lawful for any Highway Board to pay knowingly for any Repair or Work so contracted for, and any Money paid by any Board under any such Contract shall be recoverable by them with full Costs from the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been paid, by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, if the same shall amount to above Fifty Pounds, or in any County Court as aforesaid if below that Amount, and the Balance so recovered, after paying all Expenses, shall be placed to the Credit of the District Fund.

3. This Act shall be construed with and held to be Part of the said recited Act for the better Management of Highways in England.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing Crops in Irefandl

[21st July 1863.

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the Seizure of growing c Crops in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majestyj by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

To extend to Ireland only.

Growing Crops not to be Beized under Civil Bill Decrees or Justices Orders.

1# This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

2. It shall not be lawful to seize or take in execution under any Civil Bill Decree or Order of the Civil Bill Court, or under any Decree, Order, or Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, any growing Crops, Trees, Shrubs, Plants, or Vegetable Matters which are not severed from the Land and Soil, save and except under any such Decree, Order, or Warrant which shall have been pronounced or issued before the passing of this Act

24 & 25 Vict. c. 133.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under The Land Drainage, Act! 1861.

[21st 1863 J

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance ' of "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," duly made the Provisional Orders contained in the First, Second, and Third Parts of the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is-by the said Act provided that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until theyehall

have

269

26°.&'270 ViefTOML, c-63.

have been.confirmed by Parliament, and it ia expedient that the said Orders should be so 'confirmed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Each of the Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed ,; and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Ant of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act: Provided always, that the following Provisions and Regulations shall take effect and be observed with respect to the Provisional Order contained in Part 1. of the Schedule to this Act annexed.

(1.) The Drainage Board shall not, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Northeastern Railway Company, make any new open Main Drain or Main Cut parallel with the Line of the North-eastern Railway within the Distance of One hundred . 1 Yards from the Centre of such Railway between a Point on such Railway opposite to Swan Carr House and another Point thereon One Mile Southwards of such first-mentioned Point, or, without such Consent as aforesaid, deepen any of the existing open Cuts or Drains within the same Distance: Provided always, that the Drainage Board may at all Times cleanse and keep open all existing Cuts or Drains within that Distance to the same Extent and Depth as heretofore:

(2.) The North-eastern Railway Company shall not, by virtue of this Act or " The Land > t Drainage Act, 1861," be rated to any greater Extent than for Fifteen Acres of Land, and only on an agricultural Value of such Fifteen Acres calculated at One Pound per Acre per Annum.

2. It is hereby declared, That as against any Person owning or interested in any Land or other Property situate beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of any Board established by this Act, nothing contained in " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," shall be construed to render legal any Work executed or toJbe executed by such Board that would if that Act had not been passed have been illegal by reason of its injuriously affecting such Land or Property; and any Damages adjudged to be paid by any of the said Boards to any Person by reafou of the said Works of the said Board injuriously affecting any Land or Property as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be Part of the Costs incurred by such Board in defending legal Procteediwg^ instituted against them, and shall be defray ed in manner in which the said Costa die authorized to be defrayed by The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

A&. This il<?t may be 1863.

i i i -

cited for all Purposes as "The, Laud Drainage Supplemental Act,

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Nothing in 24 & 25 Vict. c. 133. construed to render legal Works that would have been illegal if Act had not passed.

[Short Title.]

i' / , vr > (! L'l

i<j r» . j; i. SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

) *i! .n- >! ill

; :i!. // h '* 11 »1 f

PART 1.

In the Matter of MpBJKBN Caebs# County of Dub ham.

Whebeas the Proprietors of not less than One Tenth Part in Acreage of certain Lands situate in the several Parishes of Aycliffe, Sedgefield, Merrington, and Bishop Middleham, in the County of Durham, and particularly delineated on the Map herein-after mentioned, and requiring a combined System of Drainage, have presented a Petition to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, signed by such Proprietors as aforesaid, stating the proposed Boundaries of the District b/ Reference to a Map, and praying that the said Lmds siumW bo constituted; a separate, Drgipage Djstriptj under Provisions of Tire Vlirain^ge; Act, 1 So 1

1 And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to George Annet Grey, Esquire, Wflnqpootor:duly Appointed under the Drainage Aeta: > !* r

u i AndiwJwarera the said Inspector, after having caused dxie Notice to be j£ven, proceeded to thei said (District* And held, pursuant to the saSdNotice, a Meeting on the Ninth Day of May the) House «efiMr.LaWsen, Formexj in. the»Village of Morxten in the said County /ml of

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 63.

of Durham, for the Purpose of receiving Evidence in support of such Petition, and of making Inquiries as to the Propriety of constituting the proposed District, and as to the Assent of the Proprietors thereto, and also for the Purpose of ascertaining the Opinion of the Proprietors in respect to the Constitution of the District:

And whereas the said Inspector duly reported in Writing to the said Commissioners the Result of his Inquiries:

And whereas we, the said Commissioners, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts of the Lands within the same are in favour thereof:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, do by this Provisional Order under our Seal constitute the Area a separate Drainage District, as shown on a Map defining the Boundaries of the same, which Map is authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office:

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Seven Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board:— Mark Ord, Sands, Sedgefield; the Reverend Thomas Linwood Strong, Sedgefield; Joseph Snowball, Seaton Burn House, Newcastle-on-Tyne; John Parrington, Branspeth, Durham; Samuel Rowlandson, the College, Durham; James Eivers, Darlington; and George Trotter, Tunstall, West Hartlepool:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Thirty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Agent of such Proprietor acting under written Appointment:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness whereof they have hereunto caused their official Seal to be affixed, this Fifteenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

PART 2.

In the Matter of Longdon and Eldersfield Drainage.

Whereas the Proprietors of not less than One Tenth Part in Acreage of certain Lands situate in the several Parishes and Hamlets of Eldersfield, Pendock, Forthampton, Berrow, Birts Morton, Castle Morton, Longdon, Queenhill, Holdfast, and Bushley, in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, and particularly delineated on the Map herein-after mentioned, and requiring a combined System of Drainage, have presented a Petition to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, signed by such Proprietors as aforesaid, stating the proposed Boundaries of the District by Reference to a Map, and praying that the said Lands should be constituted a separate Drainage District, under the Provisions of "The Land Drainage Act, 1861/ '

And

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 63.

And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Richard Grantham, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the Drainage Acts:

And whereas the send Inspector, after having caused due Notice to be given, proceeded to the said District, and held, pursuant to the said Notice, a Meeting on the Twenty-first Day of October 1862, at the " Plough Inn " at Longdon in the said County of Worcester, for the Purpose of receiving Evidence in support of such Petition, and of making Inquiries as to the Propriety of constituting the proposed District, and as to the Assent of the Proprietors thereto, and also for the Purpose of ascertaining the Opinion of the Proprietors in respect to the Constitution of the District:

And whereas the said Inspector duly reported in Writing to the said Commissioners the Result of his Inquiries:

And whereas we, the said Commissioners, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts of the Lands within the same are in favour thereof:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, do by this Provisional Order under our Seal constitute the Area a separate Drainage District, as shown on a Map defining the Boundaries of the same, which Map is authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office:

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Sixteen Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board:— Sir Edmund Anthony Harley Lechmere, Baronet, the Rhydd Court, Upton-on-Severn; William Dowdeswell, Esquire, Pull Court, Tewkesbury; Edward Gresley Stone* Esquire, Chambers Court, Tewkesbury; Joseph Yorke, Esquire, Forthampton Court, Tewkesbury; William Edward Dowdeswell, Esquire, Pull Court, Tewkesbury; John Cain Thackwell, Esquire, Dvmock, Newent, Gloucestershire; the Reverend William Symonds, Rectory, Pendock, Tewkesbury; Mr. Josiah Castree, Land Agent, College Green, Gloucester; Mr. John Ellis, Yeoman, Eastington, Longdon, Upton-on-Severn; Mr. William Herbert, Land Agent, Kempsey, Worcester; Mr. George Need Ireland, Yeoman, Eldersfield, Tewkesbury; Mr. John Rayer Lane, Yeoman, Castle Morton, near Upton-on-Severn; Mr. Richard Lord, Yeoman, Hill End, Longdon, Upton-on-Severn; Mr. William Woodward, Land Agent, Northway House, Tewkesbury; the Reverend Edward Henry Montague Stone, Holdfast, Upton-on-Severn; Matthias Galledge, Farmer, of Mitre Farm, Forthampton:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, first, the Proprietor of not less than One hundred Acres of Land in either of the Parishes affected, of which Thirty Acres shall be within the taxable Area; or, secondly. Successor (Heir apparent) to Estates of not less than Two hundred Acres in Extent in either of the Parishes affected, of which Thirty Acres shall be within the taxable Area; or, thirdly, occupying Tenant, yearly or otherwise, of a Farm of not less than Two hundred Acres, of which Thirty Acres shall be within the taxable Area; or, fourthly, the Agent of a Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Two hundred Acres in Extent in either of the Parishes affected, of which Thirty Acres shall be within the taxable Area, such Agent being duly appointed by Power of Attorney, and the Principals themselves not being on the Board.

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of

36° & MIOTOBL, c. 63.

of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election .; ?

In witness whereof wc have hereunto caused our official Seal to be affixed, this Twenty-eighth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and pixty-three.

, PAST 3.

j In the Matter of Maxey Drainage.

Whereas the Proprietors of not less than One Tenth Part in Acreage of certain Lands situate in the several Parishes of Maxey, Deepingate, Northborough, Glinton, Peakirk, Etton, and Helpstone, in the County of Northampton, and particularly delineated on the Map herein-after mentioned, and requiring a combined System of Drainage, have presented a Petition to the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, signed by such Proprietors as aforesaid, stating the proposed Boundaries of the District by Reference to a Map, and praying that the said Lands should be constituted a separate Drainage District, under the Provisions of "The Land Drainage Act, 1861

And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Richard Grantham, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the Drainage Acts:

And whereas the said Inspector, after having caused -due Notice to be given, proceeded to the said District, and held, pursuant to the said Notice, a Meeting on the Eleventh Day of November 1862, at the Vestry of the Parish Church of Maxey in the said County of Northampton, for the Purpose of receiving Evidence in support of such Petition, and of making Inquiries as to the Propriety of constituting the proposed District, and as to the Assent of the Proprietors thereto, and tflso Tor the Pfcrpoise1 bf ascertaining the Opinio^ or the Proprietors ift respect to ^the Constitution of the District t: 1 ''if '

, And whereas the said Inspector duly reported in Writing to the said Commissioners the Result of his Inquiries:

And whereas we, the said Commissioners, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts of the Lands within the same are in favour thereof: ., \\

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the I^clcpurc Commissioners for England and Wales, do by this Provisional Order under our Seal constitute the Area a separate Drainage District, as shown on a Map defining the Boundaries of the same, which Map is authenticated under our Hands ajid Seals as th$? Map referred to in this Pi'ovisional Order, and a Copy of which is deposited m thO Inclostue Office: 1

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board: 1

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Seventeen Members:

That the following.Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board: — Honourable George Wentworth Fitzwilliam, Milton, Northamptonshire; John Yeoman, Milton, Northamptonshire, Esquirte; Reverend Charles Mossop, Ettbn, Northamptonshire, Clerk; Joseph Beecroft Mawby, Market Deeping, Lincolnshire, Esquire; Thomas Parish Wright, Helpstone, Northamptonshire, Farmer; James Hainbs, Deeping Fen, Lincolnshire^ Farmer; Daniel Webster, Maxey, Northamptonshire, Farmer; John Bellars, Maxey, North- amptonshire, Farmer; Thomas Walden, Northborough, Northamptonshire, Farmer; Samuel Yergette, Glinton, Northamptonshire, Farmer; James Webster, Peakirk, Northamptonshire, Farmer; John Giles, Peakirk, Northamptonshire, Farmer; John Crutchfield Sharpe, Deepingate^ Northamptonshire, Esquire; Charles Day, Easton/ Northamptonshire, Land Agent; Thomas Cole, Peakirk, Northamptonshire, Farmer; James Webster, Glinton, / Northamptonshire, Farmer; John Merley Twigge, Molecey, West Deeping, Lincolnshire, Esquire. - '* v\ ' '>

.; >, That

273

26° &. 27" VICTORIA, c. 63, 64.

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Agent of such Proprietor, acting under written Appointment:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness whereof we have hereunto caused our official Seal to be affixed, this Twenty-eighth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Plymouth, Holywell, Llanelly, West Ham, Worthing, Aberavon, and Wallasey.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the Schedule 6 to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by (Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further ' Provision made in relation thereto Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act: Provided always, that notwithstanding anything contained in the Provisional Order in the said Schedule altering the Provisional Order of the Eighth May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of West Ham, the Number of elective Members to constitute the Local Board of Health for such District shall be Eighteen, Six of whom shall be allotted to and be elected by each of the Three Civil Sub-districts or Wards in such first herein-before mentioned Provisional Order described, together with Three Members of such Board delegated for the Time being by the Court of Sewers for the Dagenham and Havering Levels in the Manner prescribed by " The Public Health Supplemental Act, 185fi Provided also, that notwithstanding anything in such Provisional Order contained, the Local Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, in such Order mentioned, shall remain in force within the aforesaid District of the West Ham Local Board of Health.

26 & 27 Vicx. Mm 2. Thio

Provisional Orders in Schedule.

Proviso as to District of West Ham.

274

This Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 64.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1856, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

3. In citing this Act in any other Act, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1863 (No. 3)."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Plymouth. — 'Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1846, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

2. Holywell. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

3. Llanelly. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

4. West Ham. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

5. West Ham. — Altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848,

to the District of West Ham.

Worthing. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District

7. Aberavon. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District

8. Wallasey. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Board.

PLYMOUTH.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Local Board for the Borough of Plymouth, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section, by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to widen, alter, and improve certain streets or roads within such Borough.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to suon lands, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lpn4s otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty V Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid }nto the subject matter of such Petition, and hafi duly reported thereon.

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 64.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1868, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said Borough of Plymouth shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the messuages or tenements, buildings, lands, hereditaments, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this 9th day of June 1863 *

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and which are situate in the aforesaid Borough, are the following, the Figures in the First Column referring to those on the Plan of the said Hereditaments and Premises mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board herein-before referred to.

The Bedford Inn Public House in Bedford Street, at the comer Of Catherine Street, Courtlage, and Washhouse and Shop in Bedford Street, adjoining the Bedford Inn.

Blacksmith's Shop, Forge, and Shoeing Shed, West well Street Garden, Area, and Cellar in front of Dwelling House, No. 7, Nottingham Place, Tavistock Road.

4

5

Boundary Wall on the Northeastern Side of Portland Square, separating the said Square from Enasleigh Place.

Dwelling House, Outbuildings, Tenement, Courtlage, Garden and Yard, No. 0, Gasking Street, and extending to Norm Street.

6

7

Dwelling House, Outbuildings, Tenement, Courtlage, Garden, and Passage, No. 10, Gasking Street, and extending to North

Street.

Passage leading from James Street to Dwelling House, No. 17, in that Street.

s.

Shop and Garden in front of Dwelling House, No. 18, James Street.

9

10

Garden and Passage in front of Dwelling House, No. 19, James Street.

Garden, Passage, and Sheds in firotit trf ^Welling House, No. James jfertet.

Uij

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessee or reputed I Lessee.

Occupier.

Robert Scott

William Curtis, Trustee -

Robert Courtis and John Courtis.

Andrew Lidstone Adams

Thomas Redden

Hannah Garry, Grace Ward.

Thomas Radden.

Joseph Chambers.

Andrew Lidstone Adams.

Jacob Nathan

- William Brown, James Brown, Thomas Hanna-ford.

James Batten

- John Palmer.

James Cleve Madge and -Jane Madge, John Beer WHheridge and Mary Ann W itheridge, J ames Blaxland and Sarah Blaxland.

James Cleve Madge and -Jane Madge, John Beer WHheridge and Mary Ann W itheridge, J ames Blaxland and Sarah Blaxland.

Herbert Mends Gibson and George Frean, Trustees.

Herbert Mends Gibson and - George Frean, Trustees.

- James Cleve Madge and

Jane Madge, John Beer Witheridge and Mary Ann Witheridge, James Blaxland and Sarah Blaxland.

- James Elliott.

- William Truman Harris,

Frederick Bennett, Betsy Cann.

- William Truman Harris,

Mary Jane Williams, Mary Past, Ann Craig, John Harvey.

26' & 27°; VICTORIA, d. 64.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier. 5

11 Garden, Passage, Outbuildings, and Sheds in front of Dwelling House, Ho. 21, James Street Herbert Mends Gibson and George Frean, Trustees. William Truman Harris^ John Matthews, Nicholas Langdon, John Ford, and Elisabeth YarKng.

. 12 Dwelling House, Stable, Court-lage, and Outbuildings, formerly the Bell Inn, in Basket Street, adjoining Catherine Street. Part of Garden in front of the Female Penitentiary in Ham Street. James King William Cocks, Richard Beer, Elizabeth Angier.

13 George Smith. Alfred Hooker, William Hay-don, David Deny, Samuel Morrish, John Williams, Philip Moysey Little, and William Grindon Heathman, Trustees. The Plymouth, Devonport, and Stonehouse Female Penitentiary.

14 The Distillery Inn Licensed House, No. 1, Whimple Street. The Incorporation of the Guardians of the Poor of Plymouth. Susan Veale, James Hew. Peter Williams.

15 Dwelling House, Stores, Court-lage, and Outbuildings, No. 6, Tin Street. Joseph Mead Joseph Mead.

16 L Dwelling House, Shop, Court-lage, Tenement, Stables and Loft, No. 7, Tin Street. Francis Christian, K Hepburn. Thomas Bunolark Thomas Bunclark, William Tonkin , : Thomas Matthews, John Saunders, George Hider, William Henry Hunt, William Smith, Elizabeth Wright, Ann Watts Westcott

17 Dwelling House, Shop, Tenement, Stable, and Outbuildings, No. 8, Tin Street Anthony Lake - Anthony Luke, Charles Lang, James Robinson, James Swiggs, Thomas Oats, Ann Richards, John Popplestone.

18 Courtlage and Outbuildings in Armada Street, in the rear of Dwelling House, No. 8, Bedford Place. Courtlage and Outbuildings in Armada Street, in the rear of Devisees of the will of John Msdford West-lake. James Were, Joan West-lake. r ' r

Devisees of the will of John Madford West- . Thomas \Vyatt and Richard Libbey.

_ D welling House, No. 9, Bedford Place. lake.

20 Dwelling House, Shop, and Buildings, Bedford Street, and extending from Bedford Street to Basket Street. Frederick Whiteford Pym John Bastard, William Pope. John YeUaooft Luxmoore, Richard Langford, Thomas James Cross, the Committee of the British and Foreign Bible Society of Plymouth.

21 Part of Tan Yard, Tan Pits, and Drying Shed in Frankfort Street William Brabin and Charles Sweet Adams, Trustees. Peter Ashford - Peter Ashford.

22 The Greyhound Inn Beer-house, Wash-house, and Courtlage, in Frankfort Street. William Brabin and Charles Sweet Adams, Trustees. James Hew John May.

HOLYWELL.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, tbithin the Holywell Local Board District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Holywell in the County of Pitot, under the Local Government Act, 1858, have in pursuance of the Provisions of the 15th Section of the said Act, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly-giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the

* ' i: J said

2M.& 2MVIClTtlHim a.M.

said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal"Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Glauses Consolidation Act, 1845* to enable ibe aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to provide a Market Place and construct a Market House and other conveniences, for the purpose of holding markets, and also to provide a Board Room and offices for transacting the business of the Board and that of their officers under the Local Government Act, 1858.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of ^he owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have Returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed ito put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respeci to the purchase and tasking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt ofi such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the s&id District, ai*d the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into tLe subject matter of such petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Goveriiffiei'it Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

Tbut from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Holywell shall be empowered to put in force, with reference tq the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the -ii, Schedule to this Order annexed, the Powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, ' T84& with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement w, "pjfteii uu^er my hand this 9th day of June 1863.* r

"V. .; , ' f ' (Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Holywell, are the following, %e Figures in the; (j , (Second Column referring to those on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of ^he aforesaid Local Board." '' ' ' 1 r.

.i- .bYt,

s Loai* JropoMid to beitakeim i

odT .[yioTga&J {vrntrulf

A Centers.

i Disinters.

; Neutral?.

, or Inn n^xi^ of the

Street, and'' ffie^r^trhoufe^ Stables, Coachhouses, Shippons, Buildings, Ya$djr and other appurtenances thereunto belonging.

Also all those three several Cot-tagsa or-Dwelling Houses and premises situate in Halkin Street, and adjoining the first-mentioned premises.

And also all those Timber Yards, tBufldiegfc and

mentioned premises, all which said premises contain, by ad-r iaMMre&sefitJ fl^SGAkaperficiil

va

3 y, d

i '> 7/ i A I o '

John Price, William

Pierce, and Richard

Williams.

John Price, Richard Williams, William Pierce, Thomas Hughes, Ed- i wards and Roberts.

. -.*] /; -.f*:

William Pierce, Richard Williams* Edwarids and Roberts.

Lord Feilding.

Viscount Feilding.

Viscount Feilding. 0-

LLANELLY.

20* & 27* VICTORIA, o. 64.

LLANELLY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Local Board for the Borough of Llanelly, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement. — Local Government Actf 1858.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of the Borough of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the reauirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed^ presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, &c., for the purpose of enabling them to establish a market place and make convenient approaches thereto within such Borough

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedules annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, buildings, and premises, &a, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said Borough shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the messuages or tenements, Hbuildings, lands, hereditaments, and premises, &c., referred to and described in the Schedules to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this 9th day of June 1863.

(Signed) G. GfcEY.

The Schedules referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to he taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local BoiArd herein-before referred to.

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken. No. on Plan. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or repnted Lessees. Occupiers or reputed Occupiers.

Pasture field, part of Llanelly Park.

Garden and Building Ground -

House and Garden, Cold Bath -Home, Yard, Stables, and Stores.

Garden Ground, and Walks

FIRST SCHEDULE.

John Stepney Cowell Stepney, Esquire. | Ditto -

Ditto - - (

Ditto -

Ditto

Edward Morgan Douglas.

John Stepney Cowell Stapaet, Esquire.

Edward Morgan Douglas.

William Vitim.

John Dairies and John Stepney Qowell IHUp-ney, Esquire.

John Stepney OcrtfMl Stepney, Esquire.

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 64.

m

Messuages, Buildings, Lends, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken. No. on Plan. Owners or reputed Owpers. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers or reputed Occupiers.

SECOND SCHEDULE,

Gardapi ^JbtpfiaWarket a David Lewis, Esquire Thomas Williams - Mary Harries.

- 3 Llanelly Local Board of - Llanelly Local Board of

Health. Health.

gfen Space -: 4 5 David Lewis, Esquire Llanelly Local Board of i - Ditto.

Right of way in No. 7 - Health.

- 6 Jane Morris *

Field, ^aebont - - 7 John Wick Bennett, John Lloyd.

J..-- Robert Evans, and David Francis, Esquires.

Garden - - 8 William Morgan - - William Morgan.

Garden - i', i i. i 9 Representatives of late John Lloyd and Jane - John Lloyd.

liiOvk t. .1 t V ' Morris.

Grass Field, Waunyrafon 10 Charles Riobard Robinson, - | William James.

; , f . Esquire.

Grass Field - Ti i. i . 11 John Wick Bennett, Robert Evans, and David Francis, Esquires. John Lloyd.

v: in .Mils J V :; i: Ofjj 'l , ! ,; - v :; - 12 Ditto r m m Ditto.

- 13 Rees Goring Thomas, Es- Llanelly Local Board of Health. Llanelly Local Board of

quire. Health.

* iril'-'j! [>-, i:

ioni^-iU .ijm

THIRD SCHEDULE.

The alleged right of Lieutenant-Colonel John Stepney Coif ell Stepney to demand and take, by prescription, does, rights of market within the Town and Borough of Llanelly; and the question is, by Agreement, dated the Thirty-$ January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, between the said John Stepney Cowell Stepney of the one part and the Llanelly Local Board of Health of the other part, referred to two Barristers and an Umpire to deride whether such rights do exist or not, and if it is found that such rights do exist then the said Local Board agree to pay the Talne thereof (te be ascertained as in the said Agreement mentioned.

")Cr?: /; .

.0# l

9, {l v: WEST HAM.

to ^nnrfj ha:

Provisional Order 'putting in force the Lands Clauses

Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the West Ham Local Board of Health, for the Purchase and taking of Lands f dm ths \said Board otherwise than by Agreement; and for other purposes therein set forth — Local Government Act, 1858.

W^ere^the Local Board of Health in and for the District of West Ham in the County Purj3uance of the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, and complying with the requirements thereof by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition under the Seal of the said Local Board of Health, to one of Me? Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to pOTttl^C^thin pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to erect offices for the transaction of the business of such Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board of Health for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in Tespect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board| and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, -buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the

28° & 27? VrOTOftliE, c. 64.

the purpose, to visit the said District; and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matters of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one. of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, iii pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after, the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of Health for the said District Of West Ham shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the messuages or tenements, buildings, lands, hereditaments, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this 9th day of Jane 180S.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be t»ben for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order are the following; — i

A vacant piece of land whereon formerly stood three houses fronting the Broadway in Stratford, together with other houses and the yards, premises, and buildings in the rear of such three houses, and such land is situate in the Broadway, Stratford, in the parish of West Ham in the said county of Essex, and within the district of the said Local Board of Health, and is bounded on the north by the road called the Broadway at Stratford aforesaid, on the cast by certain houses now unoccupied, standing at the corner of the road called West Ham Lane, and the premises in the rear thereof, on the south partly by certain premises occupied as a coach factory or otherwise, in the occupation of Stephen Gowar, and partly by the yard or premises belonging to the house called or known as the Albion Coffee House, and situate in the street called the Broadway aforesaid, and on the west by such above-mentioned house called or known as the Albion Coffee House and the premises and yard thereto, and which said piece of ground is in the plan annexed to the hereinbefore petition of the Local Board of Health and is coloured purple^ Also a certain messuage or tenement situate in the road called the Broadway at Stratford aforesaid, and in the district of the said Local Board, and is called or known as the Albion Coffee House, together with the premises thereto belonging and the yard and buildings behind the aapae, and which said messuage and premises are now in the tenure or occupation of James Holn>pft, ui>d are bounded on the north partly by the said road called the £road\yay, aforesaid pqd partly by a piece of ground now vacant, on the south by certain premises occupied as a coach factory or otherwise, in the occupation of Stephen Gowar, and on the [wpst by aupb ^tnWA^oned premises, and on the east by such above-mentioned piece of ground now Yfic^nrt^4fd which said messuage and premises are on the aforesaid plan colourecfrech, -, v , n t

belonging

described

WEST HAM.

Provisional Order for altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of West Ham in the Cotinty of Essex; and for other Purposes. — Local Government Act. 1858.

Whereas by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Healthy bearing date the 8th day of May 1856, made under the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1856, (19 & *20 Vict tap; *20; , )? the said Public Health Act has been duly applied to the District of West Ham iaithe^Ckrfinlf of Essex. _ _ -7^ ., i . - i .* ' prised

And whereas, by such Provisional Order as aforesaid, the number of ihembere ofiothfc Local Board of Health to be elected under the aforesaid Public Health Act was fixsofl at fifteen, and the herein-before reoited PublicHealth Supplemental Act, 1S5&, engctiB that three of the menders of the said Local Board of Health, to .be cojoatituted in pursuance of the W^|b llufn j?roybio^ Ofder set forth in the Schedule to that ' A* V should diioai

* 1 l time

26° & 27° VICTORIA, 64.

time to time be delegated by the Court of Conmriesioners of Sewers for the Dagenham and Havering Levels; and the twelve remaining members of the said Board should be elected for the whole of the said District of West Ham by the owners of and ratepayers I in respect of property in the said District

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District of West Ham have in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1868, (sect 77,) presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of the aforesaid Provisional Order; and for the other purposes set forth in such Petition.

And whereas, after due inquiry, it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in rrelation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, Ir as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for the District of West Ham shall be twenty-seven, and no members of such Board shall be delegated by the Court of Sewers for the Dagenham and Havering Levels, anything in the West Ham Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 8th day of May 1856, and so confirmed as aforesaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. — 'Of the said twenty-seven members, nine be allotted to and be elected by each of the three Civil Sub-districts or Wards into which the parish of West Ham is divided, vie., the Church Street Ward, the Stratford Ward, and the Plaistow Ward, and that the first Election for the said wards do take place within one month from the date of the passing of the Act confirming this Order; and till such election the members of the said Local Board of Health now acting do continue in office.

i 3. — One-third in number of the members to he so elected for each of the said wards 1 ' fchall annually go out of office on the day fixed by the aforesaid Provisional Order.

: 4. — The Local Act of the 17th and 18th years of Her present Majesty (cap. 89.), "to

extend the Powers of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Levels of Havering, , fC Dagenham, and other Places, and to enable them to construct Sewers in the Parishes of

West Ham, East Ham, and North Woolwich," shall, so far as the provisions thereof ' extend, 'refer to, comprise, or affect the herein-before recited West Ham Local Board

1 of Health District, be repealed; and the balance remaining in the hands of the said Commissioners of the rates levied and received by them under the provisions of the said 1 Local Act shall, after payment thereout by the said Commissioners of the expenses

1 of obtaining the same, and of other expenses incurred by them, be paid over by such

h Commissioners to the Treasurer for the time being of the West Ham Local Board

n of Health, for the use and purposes of such Board, under the powers of the Local

Government Act, 1868, and of the Public Health Act, 1848.

Given under my hand this 9th day 9f June 1863.

(Signed) G. Gbey.

Worthing.

Provisional Order repealing and altering parts of a Local Act in fpree within the District Inn i- tffhe Worthing Local Board of Health. — Local Government Act, 1858.

ii Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the district of Worthing in the County , f; Silases have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition bearing date the 3d day of March 1863 to the Right Honorable Sir George Grey, Baronet, S tone of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

) >.And whereas/ the said Petition set forth that in the forty-ninth year of the feign of King; George the 3d an Act of Parliament was passed authorizing the Commissioners of thoi tomij erf Worthing (appointed under an Act of Parliament of the 43d George 3d) to build Ki Market House and establish a Market in the said tows, and that by the dame Act atari 26 & 27 VICT. N n the

282

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 64.

the said Commissioners were empowered to borrow any sum of money not exceeding 4*000l., for the purchase of ground for establishing and holding the said market, and for building stalls and other erections thereon, and for other incidental charges and expenses, and authorized the said Commissioners to give and execute mortgages for the money borrowed, upon security of the market tolls authorized to be taken by the said Act; and that the said Commissioners accordingly purchased ground and built and established a market, and laid out and expended therein the sum of 3, 765/., which was borrowed of and secured to divers persons at interest at the rate of 61. per cent per annum; also that in 1821 an Amended Local Act (1 & 2 Geo. 4. cap. 59.) was obtained which gave an additional security to the mortgagees of the market tolls by charging the market debt of 3, 765/. upon the paving rate as well as upon the market tolls, and by directing any surplus of the coal duty authorized by such Amended Act to be levied, after answering certain charges specifically made thereon, to be applied in aid of the said paving rate and market tolls, and that under the authority of the said Amended Local Act of 1821 the Commissioners borrowed the further sum of 1, 156/. upon security of the paving rate and market tolls, and that these two sums of 3, 765/. and 1, 156/. are still owing at a total annual charge of 245/ .; and that for the last 20 years and upwards the market tolls have been gradually diminishing, and have been for the last 2 years and are now let at an annual rent of 30/ .; that the buildings, roofs, and stalls of the market have become much dilapidated and out of repair; that in 1852 a provisional order was made by the General Board of Health for applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the said town of Worthing, and was confirmed by the Act of 15th and 16th Vict. cap. 42., and since that period the said Local Board of Health for the district of Worthing have acted as Commissioners for carrying into execution the herein-before mentioned Local Acts; and whereas the said Petition prayed for power to close the said market and to appropriate its site for building purposes.

And whereas inquiry has been directed by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department into the subject of the said Petition, and has been held by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, in the manner directed by the said Local Government Act, and he has duly reported thereon.

And whereas it appears expedient that the powers sought by the said Petition should be granted, but this cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Home Department, do, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, by this Provisional Order, direct that from and after the 1st day of July 1863 —

1. The parts of the said Amended Local Act specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed

shall be repealed.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Local Board and they are hereby empowered from and after the day aforesaid, at such time or times as they shall think proper, to sell and dispose of the said Market House, and the site thereof, by public auction or private contract, and either in whole or in parts, and in the meanwhile and until such sale to appropriate the same to such uses and purposes as the said Local Board may from time to time think proper; and upon the sale of the said Market House and site to apply the purchase money and purchase monies arising from such sale or sales in liquidation of the sums borrowed on security of the said tolls or profits, so far as the same will extend; and upon payment to the Treasurers of the said Local Board of the purchase money or purchase monies, the said Local Board shall convey the premises so sold to the purchaser or purchasers thereof by deed, under the hands of any five or more members of the said Local Board, the said deed to be sealed with the seal of the said Local Board, and when so executed to be effectual to vest the lands comprised therein in the purchaser or purchasers of such lands for the estate which snail so have been purchased by him or them^ a receipt under the hands of the Treasurers to the said Local Board for the time being to be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or purchasers of any such land for the purchase money in such receipt expressed to be received.

And in every conveyance to be made as aforesaid the word " grant '' shall operate as express covenants by the said Local Board for themselves and their successors,

with

283

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 64.

with the respective grantees therein named, and the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of such grantees, according to the quality or nature of such grants, and of the estate or interest therein expressed to be thereby conveyed as follows, except so far as the same shall be restrained or limited by express words contained in any such conveyance, that is to say: A covenant that, notwithstanding any act or default done by the said Local Board or by the Commissioners formerly acting in execution of the said Local Acts, the said Local Board were at the time of the execution of such conveyance seised or possessed of the lands or premises thereby granted for an indefeasible estate of inheritance in fee simple, free from all incumbrances done or occasioned by them the said Commissioners or the said Local Board, especially from all sum and sums of money borrowed by the said Commissioners and charged by way of security upon the said tolls or profits; also, a covenant that the grantee of such lands, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, (as the case may be,) shall quietly enjoy the same against the said Commissioners or the said Local Board and their successors, and all other persons claiming under them, and be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Local Board and their successors from all inoum* brances created by the said Commissioners or the said Local Board; also, a covenant for further assurance of such lands, at the expense of such grantee, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, (as the case may be,) by the said Local Board or their successors, and all other persons claiming under them; and all such grantees, and their several heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns respectively, according to their respective quality or nature, and the estate or interest in such conveyance expressed to be conveyed, may in all actions brought by them assign breaches of covenants, as they might do if such covenants were expressly inserted in such conveyances.

Given under my hand this 10th day of June 1863.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The Sections of the herein-before recited Local Act of 1 & 2 Geo. IV. cap. 69. to be repealed are those numbered respectively in the copies of the said Act, printed by the King's Printers, 102, 1<H, 105, 106, 107, 108, 109, 110, 111, 112, 113, 116, 117, and so much of Sections 114, 115, 119, 120, and 152 as relates to or concerns the tolls or profits of the Market referred to in the foregoing Order.

ABERAVON.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Aberavon Board* —

Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within South Wales, so far as such Act affects the said District of Aberavon, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that ii to say.

An Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth years of the reign of Her present Majesty (23 & 24 Vict. cap. 68.), and intituled The South Wales Highway Act.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

26°& 27P VICTORI^E, - c. 64.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming, this Order — ,

I. — The said Local Act of 23 & 24 Vict cap. 68. shall be repealed so far as such Act affects the District of the aforesaid Local Board of Aberavon.

Given under my hand this 9th day of June 1863.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WALLASEY.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Wallasey Local Board of Health. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Wallasey in the County of Chester (now called "The Wallasey Local Board") have duly borrowed under the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, the Wallasey Improvement Act, 1858, the Wallasey Improvement Act, 1861, and of the Local Government Act, 1858; smris amounting altogether to Forty-eight thousand Pounds, to defray the expense of works fin: the Sewerage of and Supply of Water to the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acte; and whereas there isnoW owing of that amount a sum of Forty ^two thousand five hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and a further sum will be required to carry <*ut and complete the said works, but such further sum, with the herein-before mentioned 42, 5251. will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District, constituted as aforesaid.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the .Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries1 of State, for powers to borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the Powers of the aforesaid Acts, a Bum or stitns which, with the amount already borrowed, shall not exceed in the whole two years" assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or stuns may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inject or appointed by me For the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should bef granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power how vested in me as Une Of Her MhjefctVs1* Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order unair irty hand* direct ae follows.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present11 Order — 1 -

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Wallasey in the County of Chester (now called u The Wallasey Local Board ") shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution iand completion of the aforesaid works1 of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a further sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand | Pounds, which, together with the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by tW1 Local Board aforesaid, will not exceed in the whole two years* assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums already borrowed and to be further borrowed under the authority of this present Order, and of the Act confirming the same, to be repaid, with interest ' thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof. [J

Given under my hand this 9th day of June 1863. 7

(Signed) G. Gb^T.

/*-/ j

26° s&. 27T VICTORIA c *

28fc

J, CAP. LXV. i - :5.i

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Volunteer Force in (frewt Britain. t ., £21gt July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the

" Volunteer Force in Great Britain

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Volunteer Act, 1863.

" V.

- ' PART L

r 1 OftGAKI^ATION OF VoLtTNT^EB FORCE. , 7^v I *

.7/ . - i /. ' Ji^ceptunce of Service. xr '), ' { *-ri

fS.' It shall be lawful for Her Majority* to acoept the Services of any Persons deairing to Ipo^rer to the bfe: formed under this Act into a Volunteer Corps, and offering their Services to Her Oownto MaJeetythrCtighthe Lieutenant of a Ooanty. 7.; i>'!''''2ghLier

On such Abceptance ihie proposed Corps shall be deemed lawfully formed under this Act tenants of aS'a^CorpS Of that County. ' tc- I t f{ ' Counties.

\ r V r

i ! '.nr )n.

hlr^ oiIt ri.>'v

f i

Permanent Staff.

3. Her Majesty may from Time to Time constitute for any Volunteer Corps a Permanent Power to the Staff, consisting of an Adjutant commissioned by Her Majesty, and of 60 many Seiyeant Instructors as may seem fit, engaged and attested (according to. Regulations under this Act) staff1*11611 fpsi n Period not exceeding Five Years, or of such an Adjutant, or of such Serjeant Instructors, alone, t. .'i -.!, H v.

For the Purposes of this Act, all such Adjutants shalLbe deemed Officers of the respective Corps, and all such Serjeant Instructors shall be deemed to belong to the respective Corps, on the Permanent Staff whereof they serve, and shall be deemed respectively Officers and NoxMK>mufissi Oned Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff; but nothing in this Act shall *be taken to exempt any Officer or Non-commissioned Offiqer of the Permanent: Staff of a Volunteer Corps from being subject to the Orders of the Officers of the Corps according to their Rank a*d the Laws and Usages of Her Mtyeaty'sForcesu ilf rany Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff enrols himself as a Volunteer or Substitute in the Militia, or is attested to serve on the Permanent Staff thereof, pr enlists in Her Majesty's Army, he may be tried and punished as a Deserter; or, if he confesses his Desertion, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, instead ofj causing him to be tried, and pntfished as a Deserter, may, if it seems fit, cafuee him, in any such Case; tp he returned to his Service, on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and to be there* put under Stoppages until he has repaid the Amount of any Bounty received by him, an$M the Dxpenaes attending his Enrolment, Attestation, or Enlistment, — ox, in case of Eniistmont .m.Hen Majesty's Army, may cause him fo bo held to his Service in Her Majesty's Army, with Direction, if it seems fit* that his Time of Service therein shall not bovreckoued fprPepsion until the Time when his Engagement on the Volunteer Permanent Staff would have expired., -

1 Any Non-jcommissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff so enrolling himself, being attested* or enlisting, shall, nevertheless, be liable to deliver up in good Order, fair Wear and Tour only excepted* all Arms, Clothing, and Appointments issued to him as a Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff; and in case of his being either returned to his, Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, or held to his Service in Her Majesty's Army, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, if it seems fit, cause him to be put under Sfonpages^untiLhe has repaid the Value of any such Arms,

Clothing, or Appointments not so delivered up.

Officers

Lieutenant of County may assemble a Court of Inquiry, to report to the Lieutenant or the Commanding Officer.

Power to Secretary of State to make Regulations for Government of Volunteer Force.

In case of Invasion, Power to the Crown to call out Volunteers for

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65.

not to be Officers of or to belong to any of the separate Corps formed into those Regiments, and shall be deemed respectively Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff; but nothing in this Act shall be taken to exempt any Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Permanent Staff of such a Regiment from being subject to the Orders of the Officers of the Regiment and of the separate Corps formed into the same, according to their Rank, the Laws and Usages of Her Majesty's Forces, and any Regulations under this Act.

Every such Regiment shall (except as to the Officers of the Permanent Staff thereof, and except as to the Officers of the separate Corps formed into such Regiment,) be officered by Persons appointed with Her Majesty's Approval, and commissioned as Officers of such Regiment by the Lieutenant of the County within whose Jurisdiction the Head Quarters of the Regiment are situate.

Notwithstanding the Formation of any such Regiment, the separate Corps formed into the same shall be severally deemed Volunteer Corps for all the Purposes of this Act.

Courts of Inquiry.

15. The Lieutenant of the County to which a Volunteer Corps belongs, or within whose Jurisdiction the Head Quarters of an Administrative Regiment are situate, may at any Time assemble a Court of Inquiry to inquire into any Matter relative to the Corps or Regiment, or to any Officer or Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Permanent Staff belonging thereto, and to record the Facts and Circumstances ascertained on such Inquiry, and, if required, to report on the same, for the Information and Assistance of such Lieutenant; such Court, where the Inquiry is with reference to an Officer, to be composed of Officers of the Volunteer Force belonging to the County, and in other Cases to be composed either of Officers and Volunteers belonging to the Corps or Regiment, or of such Officers, or of such Volunteers.

The Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment may at any Time assemble a Court of Inquiry, composed either of Officers and Volunteers belonging to the Corps or Regiment, or of such Officers, or of such Volunteers, to inquire into any Matter relative to the Corps or Regiment, or to any Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Permanent Staff belonging thereto, and to record the Facts and Circumstances ascertained on such Inquiry, and, if required, to report on the same, for the Information and Assistance of the Commanding Officer; but nothing herein shall authorize any Inquiry with reference to an Officer otherwise than by a Court assembled by Direction of such Lieutenant of the County as aforesaid, and composed exclusively of Officers of the Volunteer Force belonging to such County.

Regulations.

16. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may from Time to Time make Regulations respecting anything in this Act directed or authorized to be done or provided by Regulation, and also such Regulations as may seem fit (not being inconsistent with any of the Provisions of this Act) respecting —

the Appointment and Promotion of Officers; and the assembling and Proceedings of Courts of Inquiry to inquire into and report on any Matter connected with the Government or Discipline of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment; and for the full Execution of this Act, and the general Government and Discipline of the Volunteer Force, and may alter or repeal any such Regulations; and may call for such Returns as may from Time to Time seem requisite.

PART II.

Actual Military Service,

17. In case of actual or apprehended Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom (the Occasion being first communicated to both Houses of Parliament if Parliament is sitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation if Parliament is not sitting,) Her Majesty may direct the Lieutenants of Counties throughout Great Britain, or such of them as Her Majesty

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65. 289

Majesty may judge necessary, to call out the Volunteer Corps of their respective Counties, actual Military or any of them, for actual Military Service, Service.

Every Officer and Volunteer and every Non-commissioned Officer of the Permanent Staff belonging to every Corps so called out shall be bound to assemble as the Lieutenant of the County directs, and to march according to Orders, within Great Britain; and, from the Time of his Corps being so called out, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed on actual Military Service. If any such Officer, Volunteer, or Non-commissioned Officer, not incapacitated by Infirmity for Military Service, refuses or neglects to so assemble or march, he shall be deemed a Deserter.

18. Whenever a Volunteer Corps is called out for actual Military Service, the following Allowances to Provisions shall take effect: — Volunteer

(1.) There shall be issued, in manner provided by Regulation, the Sum of Two Guineas 80 CR e for the Use of every Officer and Volunteer and Non-commissioned Officer of the Permanent Staff belonging to and assembling with the Corps (except such of them as do not desire to receive the Benefit thereof); and each such Sum, or so much thereof as the Commanding Officer of the Corps thinks fit, shall be laid out, under the Direction of the Commanding Officer, in providing Necessaries for each such Officer,

Volunteer, and Non-commissioned Officer; and within Oqe Month after Receipt thereof, an Account shall be settled with each such Officer, Volunteer, and Noncommissioned Officer, respecting the Application thereof, and any unapplied Residue thereof shall be paid to him:

(2.) Such Officers, Volunteers, and Non-commissioned Officers shall be entitled to receive Pay and to be billeted and quartered as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army, and to have Relief for their Wives and Families (being unable to support themselves) as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Men of the Militia of England and Scotland respectively, according as the Corps belongs to England or to Scotland:

(3.) On the Release of the Corps from actual Military Service there shall be paid, in manner provided by Regulation, One Guinea to every such Officer, Volunteer, and Non-commissioned Officer present with the Corps at the Time of such Release (except such of them as do not desire to receive the same), in addition to his Pay.

10. After a Volunteer Corps has been called out for actual Military Service, the Corps As to Release shall be deemed released from actual Military Service only by an Order in Writing, signed by the Lieutenant of the County to which the Corps belongs, and addressed and delivered g£rce 11 17 to the Commanding Officer of the Corps; which Order the Lieutenant of the County shall issue upon and as soon as may be after a Proclamation of Her Majesty declaring the Occasion to have passed, and not sooner or otherwise.

Before a Volunteer Corps is released from actual Military Service, the Corps shall be returned to the County to which it belongs.

20. An Officer of the Volunteer Force disabled on actual Military Service shall be Provision for entitled to Half Pay, according to his Rank; and the Widow of such an Officer killed on Officers actual Military Service shall be entitled to the like Pension for Life as the Widow of an anforWidows Officer of Her Majesty's Army. of Officers

A Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, disabled killed' on actual Military Service, shall, according to his Rank, be entitled to the like Pension and other Benefits, if any, as a Soldier of Her Majesty's Army.

PART III.

Discipline.

Officers and Volunteers.

21. With respect to the Discipline of Officers (other than Officers of the Volunteer As to Disci-Permanent Staff) and Volunteers, the following Provisions shall take effect and be in pline of Voiun-force while they are not on actual Military Service:— oTactuai* D°

(1.) The Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps may discharge from the Corps Military any Volunteer, and strike him out of the Muster Roll, either for Disobedience Senrice-26 & 27 Vict. O o of

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 66.

of Orders by him while doing any Military Duty with his Corps, — or for Neglect of Duty, or Misconduct by him, as a Member of the Corps, — or for other sufficient Cause, — the Existence and Sufficiency of such Causes respectively to be judged of by the Commanding Officer. The Volunteer so discharged shall, nevertheless, be liable to deliver up in good Order, fair Wear and Tear only excepted, all Arms, Clothing, and Appointments, being Public Property or Property of his Corps, issued to him, and to pay all Money due or becoming due by him, under the Buies of his Corps, either before or at the Time or by reason of his Discharge. But nothing herein shall prevent Her Majesty from signifying Her Pleasure in such Manner, and giving such Directions with respect to any such Case of Discharge, as to Her Majesty may appear just and proper: (2.).If any such Officer as aforesaid or any Volunteer, while under Arms or on March or Duty with the Corps or Administrative Regiment to which he belongs, or any Portion thereof, — or while engaged in any Military Exercise or Drill with such Corps or Regiment, or any Portion thereof, — or while wearing the Clothing or Accoutrements of such Corps or Regiment, and going to or returning from any Place of Exercise or Assembly of such Corps or Regiment, — disobeys any lawful Order of any Officer under whose Command he then is, or is guilty of Misconduct, — the Officer then in Command of the Corps or Regiment, or any superior Officer under whose Command the Corps or Regiment then is, may order the Offender, if an Officer, into Arrest, and if not an Officer, into the Custody of any Volunteer belonging to the Corps or Regiment or of any Noncommissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, — but so that the Offender be not kept in such Arrest or Custody longer than during the Tipie of the Corps or Regiment, or such Portion thereof as aforesaid, then remaining under Arms, or on March or Duty, or assembled, or continuing engaged in any such Military Exercise or Drill, as aforesaid.

Permanent Staff.

As to Disci- 28* With respect to the Discipline of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the mtoenfStaff Volunteer Permanent Staff, the following Provisions shall take effect and be in force while not on while they are not on actual Military Service: —

actual Military (1.) All the Provisions of the Mutiny Act (as far as they relate to Great Britain) shall

9err*oe' extend to and apply to and in the Case of the Officers and Non-commissioned

Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and those Officers and Non-commissioned Officers shall be subject to the Mutiny Act, and shall also be entitled to the Benefits thereof, in all respects as the Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army for the Time being are, and as if the Volunteer Permanent Staff belonged to and formed Part of Her Majesty's Army, subject only to the following Variations and Provisions: —

(i.) When the assembling of a Court-martial for the Trial of an Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff becomes necessary, a General or District Court-martial (as the Case may require) shall be convened by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, authorized by Commission or Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual to convene Courts-martial under the present Section; and such Secretary of State shall in all Cases and for all Purposes be substituted for the convening Officer under the Mutiny Act, and shall cause every such Court-martial to assemble with all practicable Speed after it is convened; and a Court-martial shall not sit in any Case for the Trial of an Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff without being so convened; (ii.) Every such General Court-martial shall consist of not less than Nine Members, and every such District Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Members; and every such Court-martial shall (except as to the President thereof) be composed of such Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff as the Secretary of Stato directs; and the President shall be a Field . r Officer of the Volunteer Force appointed by the Secretary of State;

(iii.) Sen-

290

200 & 27° VICTORIA, c. 05. 291

(iii.) Sentences of District Courts-martial under the present Section shall not be put in execution until confirmed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, authorized in that Behalf by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual; and with respect to the Execution of the Sentence of any Court-martial under the present Section, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall in all Cases haye the like Powers as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, or the Officer confirming the Sentence of a Court-martial, has in certain Cases or Events, with respect to the Execution of the Sentences of Courts-martial under the Mutiny Act:

(2.) Whenever a Court-martial is ordered to assemble for the Trial of a Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, if he thinks it expedient, issue his Warrant under his Hand for the Apprehension of such Non-commissioned Officer, and also his Warrant under his Hand for the Commitment of such Non-commissioned Officer for safe Custody to a Public Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction near the Place where the Court-martial is to sit, which Warrants respectively shall be in the Forms set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances require.

(3.) The Keeper of such Public Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, or his Deputy, shall, on Production of any such Warrant of Commitment, receive the Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff named therein into his Custody, and shall keep him in safe Custody in all respects as if he were committed by Warrant of Justices of the Peace on a Charge or Suspicion of Misdemeanor, or in Scotland of an Offence, but without Bail, until One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State orders the Discharge of such Non-commissioned Officer, or until he is otherwise delivered from such Custody by due Course of Law, or until he is delivered over to undergo any Punishment imposed by Sentence of a Court-martial; and such Keeper or Deputy shall, in the meantime, from Time to Time as Occasion requires, bring up such Non-commissioned Officer in Custody before a Court-martial sitting for his Trial :; 7

(4.) If any Keeper of a Public Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, or his Deputy, refuses or neglects to receive or keep any Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff in manner herein-before prescribed, such Keeper or Deputy shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in England by Action in a Superior Court of Law at Westminster, in Scotland by Proceedings in the Court of Session, and in thq Isle of Man by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, and to be applied to the Use of Her Majesty.

Actual Military Service.

23# With respect to the Discipline of Officers of the Volunteer Force and Volunteers AstoDisci-and Non-commissioned Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, the following Provision plineof Volua* shall take effect and be in force when they are on actual Military Service; namely, — All ^henonactnal the Provisions of the Mutiny Act (as far as they relate to Great Britain) shall extend to Military and apply to and in the Case of all Officers of the Volunteer Force and Volunteers and Service. Non-commissioned Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and those Officers, Volunteers, and Non-commissioned Officers shall be subject to the Mutiny Act, and shall also be entitled to the Benefits thereof, in all respects as the Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Ajrmy for the Time being are, and as if the Volunteer Force, including the Volunteer Permanent Staff, belonged to and formed Part of Her Majesty's Army, subject only to this Variation,

— that a Court-martial for the Trial of an Officer of the Volunteer Force or Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff shall be composed of Officers of the Volunteer Force only.

26" & 27°i VICTORIA, . c. 65.

PART IV.

Rules and Property of Corps.

Power for 24. The Officers and Volunteers belonging to a Volunteer Corps may from Time to Rtites Twe paako Rules for the Management of the Property, Finances, and Civil Affaire of the

toth^A^provul Corps,; and may alter or repeal any such Rules; but any such Rules shall not have Effect of the Oowo. unless and until the Commanding Officer of the Corps thinks fit to transmit the same to the Lieutenant of the County to which the Corps belongs, and such Lieutenant thinks fit to submit the same for Her Majesty's Approval, and such Approval, signified through One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, is notified by such Lieutenant to the Commanding Officer of the Corps, to be by him forthwith communicated to the Corps; whereupon the Rules so appro ved shall be binding on all Persons.

A Copy of the Rules in Print or Writing* or partly in Print and partly in Writing, certified under the Hand of the Commanding Officer as a true Copy of the Rules whereof Her Majesty's Approval has been notified as aforesaid, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Rules of the Corps.

Vesting of 25. All Money subscribed by or to or for the Use of a Volunteer Corps or Administra-Property of tlve Rdgimefit, and all Effects belonging to any such Corps or Regiment, or lawfully used Siding C°m- by it, not being the Property of any individual Officer or Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer ex Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff belonging to the Corps or Regiment, and the

officio. exclusive Right to sue fofc and recover current Subscriptions, Arrears of Subscriptions, and

other Money due to the Corps or Regiment, and all Lands acquired by the Corps or Regiment, shall vest in the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Regiment for the Time being, and his Successors in Office, with Power for him and his Successors to sue, to make Con-, _ tracts and Conveyances, and to, do all other lawful Things relating thereto! and any Givil ,; or Criminal Proceeding taken by, virtue of the present Section by the Commanding Officer

of a Corps pr Regiment shall not be discontinued or abated by his Death, Resignation, or Rempval ffom Office, hut may be carried on by and in the Name of his Successor in Office.

Appointment of Storehouses for Arms.

As to Kxemp-tions in '

23 & UiW&. c. 139.

26. The Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment, receiving any Arms, Ammunition, or other Stores supplied at the Public Expense or by Subscription, shall, subject to the Approval of the Lieutenant of the County to which the Corps belongs, or in which the Head Quarters of the Administrative Regiment are situate, (as the Case may be), appoint a proper Storehouse for the depositing1 and safe keeping of such Arms, Ammunition, or Stores. Every such Storehouse shall be free from all County,

: Parochial, or othpr local Rates and Assessments. All Etemption* contained in The Gun- J powder Act, 1860, or any Act amending the same, relative to Storehouses, Magazines, or Places belonging to or held for the Service of the Crown, shall extend to any Storehouse' appointed under the present Section with the Approval of the Lieutenant of a County* if ajsp approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as a fit Place for the storing of Ammunition, but not otherwise. 1 '

Recovery of 27. If any Person belonging or having belonged to a Volunteer Corps or Administrative ^ptions Regimept neglects or refuses to pay any Money subscribed or undertaken to be paid by>3iim ortowards any of the Funds or Expenses of such Corps or Regiment, or due under thej r 7 Rules of such Corps* and actually payable by him, or to pay any Fine incurred by hint

; t under the Rule^ of such Corps* — such Money or Fine shall (Without Prejudice to toy other

, Remedy).be recoverable from him, with Costs, at any Time within Twelve Mdnths after *th# z same thecomas due and payable, as a Penalty under this Act is recoverable, ' and when?

[recovered shall be applied as Part of the general Fund of the Corps or Regiment.

Wrongful Sale, 28. Tf toy Person designedly makes away with, sells, pawns, wrongfully destroys,

&cnc^epublic, wrongfully damages, or negligently loses, any Thing issued to him as a Volunteer, — or o/corpfwrongfully refuses or wrongfully neglects to deliver up, on* Demand* any ThifagiSsudJ to perty. him as a Volunteer, — the Value thereof shall be Recoverable from, hiniy with Uoate, ei lit - Penalty under this Act is recoverable; :and he ahallttlsoifor every such Offence of designedly

making awa7« with, .spiling, pawning, or Wrongfully destroying as aforesaid, bei fliable* on the, t i Prosecution

293

26?.& 271 ViCITORI., -6.35.

Prosecution of the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Administrative Regiment issuing the Thing made away with, sold, pawned, or destroyed, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds,

29. If any Person knowingly buys or takes in exchange from any Volunteer or any Wrongful buy. Person acting on his Behalf, — or solicits or entices any Volunteer to sell, — or knowingly ^0^nu*> assists or acts for any Volunteer in selling, — or has in nis Possession or Keeping, without Volunteers, satisfactorily accounting for, — any Arms, Clothing, or Appointments being Public Property

or Property of any Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment, or any Public Stores or Ammunition issued for the Use of any such Corps or Regiment, — he shall, on the First Commission by him of any socli Offence, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall, on a Second and every other subsequent Commission by him of any such Offence, and on being convicted thereof in the like Course of Proceeding as that in which any such Penalty is recoverable, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds or less than Five Pounds, with or without Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour.

The Justices before whom any Person is convicted of any Offence under the present Section shall transmit the Conviction to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions held for the County or Place where the Conviction is had, there to be kept by the proper Officer among the Records of the Court; and on the Prosecution of any Person. for any subsequent Offence under the present Section, a Copy of such Conviction, certified by the proper Officer of the Court, or proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction for the former Offence, and such Conviction shall be presumed not to have been quashed on Appeal until the contrary is shown.

30. If any Person wilfully commits any Damage to any Butt or Target belonging to or lawfully used by any Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment, or, without the Leave of the Commanding Officer of th6 Corps or Regiment, searches for Bullets in or otherwise disturbs the Soil forming Such Butt or Target, he shall for every such Offence be liable, on the Prosecution of the Commanding Officer, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

As to wilful Injury to Butts or Targets.

PART V.

Acquisition or Land fob Ranges.

3L Subject to the Provisions of this Part of this Act, any Volunteer Corps may, with the Assent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, purchase, take on Lease, or otherwise acquire any Land or Easement in Land for Rifle or Artillery Practice, and for the Erection of Batts, Targets, Batteries, and other Accommodations for the Use of the Corps'when practising with Rifles or Artillery.

Before giving his Assent, the Secretary of State shall send an Inspector to the Land for the Purpose of ascertaining its Capabilities for being converted into a Rifle or Artillery Practice Ground with due Regard to the Safety and Convenience of the Public, and shall give or withhold his Assent accordingly.

82. So much of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and of any Act amending the said Acts, as relates to the Purchase of Land by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Part of this Act.

In the Construction of this Part of this Act with the said incorporated Provisions, this Palrt of thife Act shall be deemed the Special Act; and the Volunteer Corps desirous of purchasing Land shall be deemed the Promoters of the Undertaking; and under the Term Land a permanent Right of Shooting and Drilling or any other Interest or Easement in Land shall be included, and may be alone conveyed, while the Fee Simple or other Interest in such Land is reserved.

SSL Any Person seised or entitled in Fee Tail or for Life of or to any M&nor or Lands of Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary Tenure, and having the beneficial Interest therein, or in Scotland being the Proprietor under Entail, and in possession for the Time being, may, byway of Gift, grant# convey, or enfranchise in Fee Simple or for a Term of Years any u »it) 1 Quantity

Power to Corps to purchase Laud with Consent of Secretary of State.

Part of 8 & 9 Vict c. 18. and 8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. incorporated.

Construction of Terms, &c. of this Part of Act.

Power far Landowner to give Land to be used for Purposes of

204

this Part of Act.

Power to Commissioner of Works to grant Right of shooting in Royal Parks, &c.

Power to certain Authorities to grant Licences to use Lands.

Power to Corporations, Justices, Trustees, &c. to grant Licence to use Land.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. C9.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65.

Quantity not exceeding Four Acres of such Land, or any limited Bight over Land to any Extent not exceeding Twenty Acres, to any Volunteer Corps, to be used by the Corps for the Purposes of this Part of this Act; but so that any such Grant, Conveyance, or Enfranchisement made by any Person seised or entitled for Life only of or to any such Manor or Lands shall not be valid beyond his own Life, unless the Person next entitled in Remainder, in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail (if legally competent) is a Party to and joins in such Grant, Conveyance, or Enfranchisement:

Provided, that in the event of any Land granted, conveyed, or enfranchised as aforesaid ceasing to be used for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, the same shall thereupon immediately revert to and become a Portion of the Estate of which it formed Part before the Grant, Conveyance, or Enfranchisement was made.

34. The Chief Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings may grant to any Volunteer Corps the Right to Use for the Purpose of Rifle Practice or Drill any Portion of such Royal Parks, Gardens, and Possessions as are under his Management, upon such Terms, for such Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, and subject to such other Conditions, as be thinks fit; but any such Grant shall be at all Times revocable by Her Majesty.

35. A Licence to use, for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, any Portion not exceeding Four Acres of the Lands herein-after mentioned, may be granted to any Volunteer Corps as follows:

(1.) In the Case of Lands belonging to the Crown —

By the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them, on behalf of Her Majesty, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

(2.) In the Case of Lands forming Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster — By the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy by Deed under the Hand and Seal of the Chancellor, attested by the Clerk of the Council:

(3.) In the Case of Lands forming Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall — By the Duke of Cornwall or other the Persons for the Time being having Power to dispose of Lands belonging to the Duchy:

Provided —

First. That no such Licence shall be granted for a longer Term than Twenty-one Years; but any Licence, when granted, may be renewed by the same Authority that would have Power to grant the same:

Secondly. That in the event of any Land to which any such Licence relates ceasing to be used for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, that Licence shall thereupon cease absolutely.

36. Any Corporation, Ecclesiastical or Lay, Sole or Aggregate, any Officer, Justices of the Peace, Trustees, or Commissioners holding Land for Public, Ecclesiastical, or Parochial Purposes, may grant and from Time to Time renew any Licence for the Use, during an^ Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, by any Volunteer Corps, for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, of any Land not exceeding Four Acres vested in such Corporation, Officers, Justices, Trustees, or Commissioners, subject to the following Provisions:

(1.) That an Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole below the Dignity of a Bishop shall not make such a Grant without the Consent in Writing of the Bishop to whose Jurisdiction he is subject, and of the Patron of the Preferment to which the Land belongs, or the Guardians or Trustees of such Patron:

(2.) That such a Licence shall not be granted in respect of Parochial Property without the Consent of the Majority of the Ratepayers and Owners of Property in the Parish to which the same belongs, assembled at a Meeting convened according to the Mode pointed out by the Act of the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter Sixty-nine)," to facilitate the Conveyance " of Workhouses and other Property of Parishes, and of Incorporations or " Unions of Parishes, in England and Wales and of the Poor Law Comttkb-sioners, testified by their Seal being affixed to the Deed of Grant, and of the

Guardians

296

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65.

Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Parish is comprised, or of the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish where the Administration of the Relief of the Poor therein is subject to a Board of Guardians, testified by such Guardians being the Parties to make the Grant:

(3.) That where any Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners other than Parochial Trustees make any such Grant, it shall be sufficient if a Majority or Quorum authorized to act of such Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners assembled at a Meeting duly convened assent to such Grant and execute the Deed of Grant, although they do not constitute a Majority of the actual Body of such Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners:

(4.) That the Justices of the Peace may give their Consent to the making of any such Grant in respect of Land belonging to any County, Riding, or Division by Vote at their General Quarter Sessions, and may direct the same to be made in the Manner directed to be pursued on the Sale of the Sites of Gaols by the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth (Chapter Eighteen)," to authorize the " Disposal of unnecessary Prisons in England

(5.) That, in the event of any Land to which any such Licence relates ceasing to be used for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, that Licence shall thereupon cease absolutely.

37. Where a Footpath crosses or runs inconveniently or dangerously near to any Land purchased or acquired, or in respect of which any Licence is granted, for the Purposes of this Part of this Act, such Footpath may, with the Consent of the Vestry of the Parish in which the same is situate, and upon the Certificate of Two Justices that the Footpath to be substituted is convenient for the Public, be stopped up or diverted. All Proceedings to obtain such Certificate, and to stop up or divert such Footpath, shall be taken in the Manner in which Proceedings are directed to be taken by the Act of the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter Fifty), "to consolidate and " amend the Laws relating to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England," in Cases where a Person other than the Inhabitants in Vestry is desirous of stopping up, diverting, or turning a Highway, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit; with this Exception, that the Certificate of the Justices shall be conclusive in Cases where it states the Fact of their having viewed the Footpath to be stopped up or diverted, and that the proposed new Footpath is convenient for the Public.

38. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, with a view to the Safety and Convenience of the Public, may make Byelaws for the Regulation of Shooting on Grounds purchased, acquired, or used by any Volunteer Corps under this Part of this Act, and for the Prevention of Intrusion thereon during the Times of Shooting. Any such Byelaws may impose a reasonable pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds, for any Breach of a Byelaw, so that the Byelaw be so framed as to admit of Part only of the maximum Penalty being ordered to be paid; such Penalties to be recoverable and applicable as Penalties imposed by this Act are recoverable and applicable.

39. Any Land purchased or acquired, or in respect of which any Licence is granted under this Part of this Act, shall be deemed to have ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Part of this Act.where there has not been any such Use by the Corps by which the Land was purchased or acquired, or to or for which the Licence was granted, for a Period of One Year, mid a Certificate of the Fact of such Non-user is given by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of such Fact as against all Persons and in all Courts of Justice.

40. This Part of this Act shall not extend to the Isle of Man, except that the Power of granting Licences, given in this Part of this Act to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, shall extend to any Allotment that may be made to, and any Land that may be purchased on behalf of Her Majesty, under the Provisions of an A, ct of Xynwaid, intituled " The Isle of Man disafforesting Act, 1860."

Past

7 G. 4. c. IS.

Power to Justices to stop up or divert Footpaths for Purposes of this Part of Act.

Proceedings to be taken as directed by 5 & 6 W.4. c. 50.

Power to Secretary of State to make Byelaws.

Proof of Cesser of Land being used for Purposes of this Part of Act

Exception of Isle of Man.

m

Service in Militia.

Horse Duty.

Penalty far giving fiii.se-CerlifieBte.

Volunteers. not to lose Interest in Friendly or, Benefit^Societies.,

Tolls.

2& &. 2rmer&nm & ra.

EAST VI.

V Exemptions.

41. Every Officer of the Volunteer Force, and every efficient Volunteer, an<J every Noncommissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff, shall be exempt from Liability to serve personally or to provide a Substitute in the Militia of England or of Scotland.

In tjbe Case of a Volunteer, such Exemption shall cease on his ceasing to be enrolled in the Corps in connexion with which he becomes entitled to be deemed efficient, unless he quits such Corps on account of his changing his Place of Residence, in which. Case the Exemption shall revive if within Ten Days after quitting such Corps he is enrolled in another Volunteer Corps.

The Certificate of the Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps (in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances may require) citifying, that the Person named therein is a Volunteer enrolled in that Corps, and is exenjpt aAl aforesaid, shall be conclusive Evidence thereof.

42. Hoyse Doty shall not be payable for any Horse used Six Days or npwardb within ' the Period of Twelve Months, ending on the Fifth Day of April preceding the Year of? Assessment, as follows; namely, —

(1.) used on Duty by any Officer of the Volunteer Force or Volunteer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff required to use a Horse on Duty:

(2.) used for conveying any Gun, or any Waggon or other Military Carriage, in the Service of the Volunteer Force: such Horse, m every such Case, being either the Property of such Officer, VoTimffelr, or Non-commissioned Officer or of a Volunteer Corps ot Adntmistmtive Regiment? gratuitously furnished for such Use.

A Certificate, signed by the Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative* Regiment, certifying that the Horse therein specified has been used as aforesaid fin* the and Number of Days, shall be Evidence thereof.

43. If any Commanding Oflioer of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiments knowingly gives any false Certificate under this Act, he shall for every such Offence b<4 liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to be nscoweied in EqgloQdbp* Action in a Superior Court of Law at Westminster, in Scotland by Proceedings m the-Court of Session, and in the Isle of Man by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, and to be applied to the Use of Her Majesty.

44. Notwithstanding anything in the Rules of any Friendly or: Benefit Society, any:f, Person shall not lose any Interest in the Society by reason of his Enrolment or Serviced ti; Volunteer Corps, or his Engagement or Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff; and any Dispute arising between such Society and Person by reason of such Enrolment, Engagement, or Service shall be deemed a Dispute directed by the Rules of the Society to be decided by Justices of the Peace, according to the Acts for the Time being; in force relative to Friendly or Benefit Societies.

45. Any Duty or Toll leviable, under any Act of Parliament passed nr to be passed, at any Piery Wharf, Quay, Landing Place, or Bridge, Or at any Turnpike Gate or^Bar, or at any other Gate or Bar on a public Road, shall not be demanded or taken for —

(1.) Any Officer of the Volunteer Force, or any Volunteer, or any Non-bbinmtssioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff being on March brDtity, or golngio or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Day for. Exercise, Inspection, Review, or other public Duty, and being in Uniform: ' ?r

(2.) Any Horse ridden erased by any Officer, Volunteer, Or Non-commissioned Officer ? r asr aforesaid, being on March or Duty, or going or returning as: aforesaid, and

being in Uniform i " ? l

(8.) Ai*y Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, public or private, employed only in cdtYVdigI or conveying, orreturning empty from carrying or conveying, having'befen^rm^Ioybfl: only in carrying or conveying, any Officer, Volunteer, or Non-conimfeeibriM ' -; ^Officer

36* & 270:V!I©TOHIyE, c. 65.

Officer as aforesaid, being on Mafrch or Duty, or going or returning as aforesaid, and being in Uniform, with or without any Conductor or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, or domestic Servant of such Officer or Volunteer; >,

(4.) Any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, public or private, employed only in carrying or conveying, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Arms or Baggage of any Officer, Volunteer, or Non-commissioned Officer as aforesaid, being on March or Duty, or going to or returning from the Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, 'Review, or other public Duty, or any Military Stores belonging to or for the Use of, or any Gun belonging to or used by, the Volunteer Force:

(5.) Any Horse or other Beast drawing any such Cart, Waggon, or Carriage as, aforesaid.

If any Person demands or takes any Duty or Toll in contravention of the present Section, — or If any Person makes any false Representation respecting himself or any other Person, or any Animal or Thing, with Intent to obtain for himself or otherwise, or fraudulently obtains for himself or otherwise, any Exemption under the present Section, — he shall for every stfch Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

28£

PART vn.

Miscellaneous Peotisions.

46. Tbs Lieutenant of the County to which a Volunteer Corps belongs, or within whose Jurisdiction the Head Quarters of an Administrative Regiment are situate, may require the Commanding Officer of that Corps or Regiment to make to him from Time to Time such Returns of the Strength and Efficiency of the Corps or Regiment as may seem requisite.

47. The several Clerks of General Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain shall be entitled to receive the Sums specified in the Schedule to this Act for their Pains and Trouble in and about the Execution of the Provisions of this Act. The said Clerks shall send to the Secretary ef State such Accounts, Returns, and Statements as he from Time to Time requires.

48. Any pecuniary Penalty under this Act, the Mode of Recovery of which is not otherwise expressly provided for by this Act, — and any Money or Fine by this Act made recoverable as a Penalty under this Act is recoverable, — may be recovered as follows; —

In England, in a summary Way before Two or more Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction where the Offence is committed or where the Offender happens to be, in manner directed by the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Forty-three)," to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales," with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders;" or in case of Proceedings, in the City :of Ijmdm, or in the Metropolitan Police District, in manner directed by the respective Enactments for the Time being in force relative to summary Pnwftcdings there:

In Scotland, in manner directed by the Railways Glauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to Penalties imposed by that Act, the Recovery of which is not otherwise provided for:

In (theJGpfe of Man, by Proceedings in any Court of competent Jurisdiction, and in

lsi the Manner in, which Penalties of like Amount are recoverable by the Laws of the Isle of Man, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit.

In JSngUmd, where the Sw* adjudged to be, paid on a summary Conviction or Adjudica tipp* inclusive of any Costs, exceeds Five Pounds, or the Imprisonment awarded exceeds the Person, who is convicted, or against whom the Adjudication is made, 20 & 27 Vict. P p thinks

lieutenant of County may reauire Returns to be made to

him.

Allowances in Schedule to Clerk* of General Meet* ings of lieutenancy.

Pecuniary Penalties to be recovered summarily:

In England under

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

In Scotland under 8 & 9 Vict c. S3.

In the Isle of Man.

298

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65.

thinks himself aggrieved by the Conviction or Adjudication, the following Provisions shall take effect: —

(1.) Such Person may appeal to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions held not less than Twelve Days after the Day of such Conviction or Adjudication for the County or Place where the Conviction or Adjudication is had:

(2.) The Appellant shall, within Three Days after the Day of the Conviction, and Seven clear Days at least before the Sessions to which the Appeal is to be made, give to the Complainant a Notice in Writing of the Appeal and of the Ground thereof:

. (3.) The Appellant may enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before a Justice of the Peace, conditioned to appear personally at the Sessions and try the Appeal, and abide the Judgment of the Court thereon, and pay any Costs awarded by the Court; or where the Appeal is against a Conviction imposing only a pecuniary Penalty, or against an Adjudication for the Payment of Money, the Appellant may deposit with the Clerk of the convicting Justices such Sum of Money as those Justices deem sufficient to cover the Amount of the Penalty, or Money adjudged to be paid, together with the Costs of the Conviction or Adjudication, and of the Appeal:

(4.) On such Notice being given, and such Recognizance being entered into, or such Deposit being made, the Appellant shall be liberated if in Custody:

(5.) The Court of General or Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine the Appeal, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as to the Court seems fit, and in case of Affirmance of the Conviction or Dismissal of the Appeal, shall adjudge the Appellant to be punished according to the Conviction, or to pay Money according to the Adjudication, and to pay such Costs as are awarded, and shall, if necessary, issue Process for enforcing such Judgment:

(6.) Where any such Deposit as aforesaid is made, and the Conviction or Adjudication is affirmed, or the Appeal is dismissed, the Court may order the Amount of the Penalty or other Money adjudged to be paid, together with the Costs of the Conviction or Adjudication and of the Appeal, to be paid out of the Deposit, and the Residue thereof, if any, to be returned to the Appellant, and in any other Case shall order the Deposit to be returned to the Appellant:

(7.) Where on Appeal a Conviction is quashed, the proper Officer shall forthwith indorse on the Conviction a Memorandum that it has been so quashed; and whenever any Copy or Certificate of such Conviction is made, a Copy of tha Memorandum shall be added thereto, which shall be sufficient Evidence of the Conviction having been quashed in all Cases where a Copy or Certificate would be sufficient Evidence of the Conviction.

But nothing in the present Section respecting Appeals shall affect any Enactments relative to Appeals in Cases of summary Convictions or Adjudications in the City of London or the Metropolitan Police District.

In Scotland, and the Isle of Man, in like Cases as in England, an Appeal shall lie, in manner in that Behalf provided by the Law of Scotland and of the Isle of Man respectively.

A summary Conviction or Adjudication under this Act in England, or an Adjudication made on Appeal therefrom, shall not be quashed for Want of Form or be removed by Certiorari; and a Warrant of Commitment on any such Conviction shall not be held void by reason of any Defect therein, if it is therein alleged that the Person therein name# has been convicted, and there is a good Conviction to sustain the same.

Application of Any pecuniary Penalty recovered summarily under this Act on the Prosecution of certain Penal- Commanding Officer of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment shall (not *

withstanding anything in any Act relating to Municipal Corporations or to the Metropolitan Police or in any other Act contained) be paid to the Commanding Officer, and be applied as Part of the general Fund of the Corps or Regiment

40. In

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65. 299

49. In this Act — Interpretation

The Term "Lieutenant" of a County includes Vice-Lieutenant, and, as to the City of Tenna-of London, the Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the same:

The Term " Volunteer" means a Non-commissioned Officer or Private belonging to a Volunteer Corps, exclusive of the Permanent Staff thereof:

The Term " Person " includes (where the Case requires) a Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate:

The Term M Mutiny Act" means the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, for the Time being in force, and includes the Articles of War made under the Authority of that Act for the Time being in force:

The Term " Appointments " includes Accoutrements and Equipments of every Kind other than Clothing.

If at any Time Her Majesty thinks fit to appoint on the Permanent Staff of a Volunteer Application of Corps or Administrative Regiment a Quartermaster and a Paymaster, or either of such Officers, commissioned by Her Majesty, — or if at any Time any Non-commissioned Officer Actants, or Man, engaged and attested (according to Regulations under this Act) for a Period not Serjeant In-exceeding Five Tears, is appointed on the Permanent Staff of a Volunteer Corps or Administrative Regiment to serve in any other Capacity than that of Serjeant Instructor, — Regiment, then and in such Uases all the Provisions of this Act relating to Adjutants and Serjeant Instructors and to Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the Volunteer Permanent Staff shall apply to such Quartermasters and Paymasters, and to such other Non-commissioned Officers and such Men, respectively.

All the Provisions of this Act relating to an Administrative Regiment shall apply to any united Body formed of Two or more separate Volunteer Corps for Military or Administrative Purposes by the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, whether the Corps so united are formed into a Regiment or a Brigade or a Battalion, or any other Body.

50. For the Purposes of this Act the Isle of Wight shall be deemed to be a County of itself, and the Governor thereof, or the Person for the Time being performing the Duties of Governor, shall be deemed to be the Lieutenant of such County; — the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns, and their Members, shall be deemed to be a County of themselves, and the Warden thereof, or in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall be deemed to be the Lieutenant of such County; — every Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place for which Her Majesty constitutes a Lieutenant shall be deemed to be a County of itself, and the Lieutenant appointed for the same shall be deemed to be the Lieutenant of such County; — and the Isle of Man shall be deemed to be a County of England, and the Lieutenant Governor thereof, or the Person for the Time being performing the Duties of Lieutenant Governor, shall be deemed to be the Lieutenant of such County.

51. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the Extent therein specified; but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of any such Enactment, or anything already done, or any Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability already accrued thereunder, or any Remedy or Proceeding respecting the same.

52. Nothing in this Act shall apply to the Honourable Artillery Company of London.

53. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

Application of this Act to Isle of Wight, Cinque Ports Isle of Man, and other Places.

Repeal of Enactments as in Schedule*.

Not to apply to London Artillery Company.

Extent of Act.

SCHEDULE.

(i.) Oath of Officer and Volunteer.

T A+B. do sincerely promise and swear, that I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and that I will faithfully serve Her Majesty in Great Britain for the Defence of the same against all Her Enemies and Opposers whatsoever, according to the Conditions of rriy Service.

[The Name of the Successor of Her Majesty Queen Victoria for the Time being, with prop*? Words of Reference thereto, to be substituted as Occasion requires.]

; P p 2 (in) War-

880 28" & 37* VICTORIA, c. 65.

(iL) Warrant of Secretary of State for Apprehension of Non-commissioned Officer of Volunteer Permanent Staff ordered to be tried by Court-martial

County 1 VICTORIAE, &c.

j To Our Sheriff of Our County of to the High Constable of the

Hundred of in the same County, to the Constables of the Town

bf in the same'County, to Our Bailiffe and Ministers, and to the Constables

bnd Peace Officers, in the same County, as well within Liberties as without, greeting Whereas the Right Honourable A.B., One of Our Principal Secretaries of State, has, in pursuance of The Volunteer Act, 1863, ordered a Court-martial to assemble for the Trial of L.M., being a Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff; We therefore command you, jointly mid severally, forthwith to apprehend the said JUM* and; bring him in Custody to Our [Gaol] at in Our County of, and there deliver him

into the Custody of the Keeper of Our said [Gaol] or of his Deputy.

Witness, the Right Honourable A.B., One of Our Principal Secretaries of State, at, the Day of 18

A.B.

(ill) Warrant of Secretary of State for Commitment in same Case.

County ] VICTORIA, &c. of J To the Keeper of Our [Gaol] at in Our County of - r,

or to his Deputy, greeting.

Whereas the Right Honourable A.B., One of Our Principal Secretaries of State, has, in purtuance of The volunteer Act, 1863, ordered a Court-martial to assemble for the Trial of L>M.> being a Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff: We therefore .command you and each of you, that you or One of you do receive him the said L.M.J into your Custody in Our [Gaol], and him there safely keep in such Manner as if he had been committed to your Custody there by Warrant of some of the Justices assigned to keep Our Peace in Our said County on a Charge or Suspicion of Misdemeanor [or in Scotland of an Offence], but without Bail, until he be delivered from your Custody there in pursuance of the said Act.

Witness, the Right Honourable AB.% One of Our Principal Secretaries; of §tyt.e, at, the Day of 18 .

A.B.

__________ A - A Cr-ij Jr

(iv.) Certificate for Exemption from Militia.

T A.B., Commanding Officer of the Volunteer Corps, hereby certify that C.D.

is a Volunteer enrolled in that Corps, and is by virtue of The Volunteer j^ct, 1863, exempt from Liability to serve personally or to provide a Substitute in the Mfliuaof [England].

Given under my Hand at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and [sixty four].

A.B.9

[Lieutenant- Colonel OorimkinJMg.]

(v.) Allowances to Clerks of General Meetings of Ututenancy.

£ s.

Por Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Force does not exceed 200 - 7 10

In Counties where the Force is above 200 and not exceeding 400 - 10 0

d.

0

0

12V, 'v t: ,

J '

iu 7

fei'T,

vTjVj

t.O-x.

L- 1'V 4 i

u

x\ K

86° & J7f jp. 65.

In Counties where the Force is above 400 and not exceeding 500 -

In Counties where the Force exceeds 500, the following Additions for every 100 or fractional Part of 100: /

Above 500 and not exceeding 1,000 - r - I

, 1,000 , j 2,000 -

, 2#00, 3,000 - */.

, 3,000, 4,000 -

>i'4,000 '» i. .A t, ii:

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by i the, ' distinct Order of the Secretary of State - - /; -

For printing, advertising, and Postage, the actual Hgpeime.; n m

12 10

d.

0

2 0 0 1 10 0 1 0, 0

Oji 3., o

Q.iW 0

X!.

1:0

(vi.) Enactments repealed.

& ii-jilltOO i in

J onn

: n U

m

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Tit}e or / ^Extent of Repeal.

. 44 Geo. 3. c. 54., to consolidate and amend the Pro- So far as/ the Act relates

1 visions of the several Acts relating to to Volunteers in Great

fU t'r 1 ii , M U'A*i i*1 ' j: 1 Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in 1 Britain. 1

J Great Britain; and to make further Regu-t lutions relating thereto. */ 5 --i* -, b; , dOI

ifihT Siii vL bUi-.-:-'' 1 \

sm&ni?, &b&S bid - j An Act to explain an Act of the present So fhr as the AoV r&afl&s

(Session of Parliament, for consolidating and to Volunteers i- in ^Great

ibnendShg the Provisions of the several Britain .; fr-') mor

luO 01 ): W Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and ' 'i)>. -y i'j h+Ti.rirlikr'i

UC K' s-.i ' j Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as i*. r)n; m.

tO 90njDi/fsl'f»q Of Of r vfTEBpecta thaaeoQunlwigfor Mouiesreoeiyod by Volunteer Officers. J: - T:.A:.:- . 3. f!r\) t\ ' *, , Jj

s40!6e^3r*.'l2«i^ 'A k An Aetfdr regdldting the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry^ and Volunteer Corps. So ftr As the Act/ relates to Volunteers in Great Britain.

46 Geo. 3. c. 140. - An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty-second Year of JEJis present Majesty, relating to therMilitxp of England and Scotland respectively, as to the Pay of the Officers and So far as the Act relates to Volunteers in Great Britain.

, 0ljfcih (i.' a: \ iltor of the said Militia. V :/ v ..... , /iji^ J L 'j Section Th?fer -

r, ., ' ^; An Act to amend several Acts relating to the

io riT!-iJC 5J- ifr JLbcal Militia of Great Britain. i - -I Z .Z'sTJi

An Aetata amend several Acts relating to th§ Section Four. ' i

Militia, and to enlisting of the Militia into; ...

t His Majesty's Regular Forces.

[^6, Geo»'3. e* 39. An Act to reduce the Number of Days of So far as the Act relates

Muster or Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer-Cavalry ______ to Volunteers in Great Britain.

67 Geo. 3. c. 44. - An Act to allow Corps of Yeomanry or So far as the Act relates

- - Volunteer Cavalry, wheno assembled for the to Volunteers in Great

A i a Suppression of Riots or Tumults, to be qpar^ered and billeted, and Officers on Half Mffcy to hold certain Commissions^in rtich Corps, and to exempt Members in aroeiiCorpv Britain.

. -p si droil' to i

0 01 V from servhig the Offitee of Constable. -V ^r: — 3 rJ

0 0 0f - wf>; 'iul'yrsZj mi i:c { ' al

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 65, 66.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 68.

[Commencement of Act.]

This and recited Act to be ai One.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

7 Geo. 4. c. 58. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain. So far as the Act relates to Volunteers in Great Britain, including the Provisions thereof relative to the Remuneration of the Clerks of Meetings therein mentioned, so far as that Remuneration has reference to the Execution of the Provisions of any Act relating to Volunteers in Great Britain.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 13. An Act to prevent the Members of Benefit Societies from forfeiting their Interest therein by being enrolled in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps. So far as" the Act relates to Volunteers in Great Britain.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 140. The Rifle Volunteer Grounds Act, 1860 The whole.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 126. An Act to exempt the Volunteer Forces of Great Britain from the Payment of Tolls. The whole.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 41. An Act for amending " The Rifle Volunteer Grounds Act, 1860." The whole.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Nineteenth Section of an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-eight, intituled An (Act to further amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, it is amongst other things (enacted, that the Appointment by any Board of Superintendence, under the Provisions of the said Act, of any Officer of any such Prison other than the Chaplains or Medical ' Officer shall be probationary only, and shall not be or become absolute until the same

shall be confirmed at a Meeting of the Board of Superintendence duly summoned and ' held for that Purpose, not sooner than Three Months after the Meeting at which such (probationary Appointment shall have been made, and that no such Confirmation of the ' Appointment or any Officer of any such Prison, save as aforesaid, shall be made at such ' last-mentioned Meeting unless Two Thirds of the Members of such Board and the ' Majority of the Members present shall concur in such Ratification or Confirmation , : And whereas it has been found inconvenient to require the Presence of Two Thirds of the

Members of such Boards of Superintendence at Meetings summoned and held to confirm ' such probationary Appointments made by a former Board Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the samey as follows:

1. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of October next after the passing of this Act.

2. This Act and the said recited Act shall be incorporated and construed together as One Act.

3. So

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 66, 67.

3. So much of the said recited Act (Section Nineteen) as provides that Two Thirds of the Members of any Board of Superintendence shall be present at any Meeting of such Board duly summoned and held to confirm probationary Appointments made by a former Board shall be repealed, and the Presence of Six Members only shall be sufficient for that Purpose, the Majority of whom shall be required to concur in the Ratification or Confirmation of such probationary Appointments.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to enable Provision to be made out of the Funds of Greenwich Hospital for the Widows of Seamen and Marines slain, killed, or drowned in the Sea Service of the Crown.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS among the Objects intended to be provided for by the Endowment of Greenwich Hospital was the Sustentation of the Widows of Seamen happening to be slain, killed, or drowned in the Sea Service of the Crown, as far as the Resources of the Hospital would extend, and according to the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions to be provided in that Behalf:

And whereas it is expedient that a Portion of the Revenues of the Hospital should now be applied, as herein-after provided, for the Relief of such Widows and of the Widows of Marines:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall, under the Control and Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, annually appropriate out of the Income of Greenwich Hospital such Sum, not exceeding in any Year Five thousand Pounds, as may from Time to Time appear sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and as the Finances of the Hospital may from Time to Time allow, which Sum shall be applied in making Provision, in manner hereinafter directed, for Widows of Petty Officers and Seamen and of Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the Royal Marines who, after the passing of this Act, may be killed or drowned in the Service of the Crown.

2. If in any Year it happens that the Sum of Five thousand Pounds or other less Sum appropriated is not wholly expended in making such Provision as aforesaid, the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall, under the Control and Direction aforesaid, dispose of the unexpended Balance as follows; namely, by forming and maintaining, by way of Accumulation, a Fund, to be called The Greenwich Hospital Seamen's Widows Fund, by investing such unexpended Balance in or upon some of the Government Stocks, Funds, or Securities of the United Kingdom, and by from Time to Time investing in like Manner the Proceeds of such Stocks, Funds, or Securities, and the Income from Time to Time resulting therefrom, and from like successive Investments, and by applying from Time to Time in any subsequent Year the Accumulations of previous Years, or the Income resulting therefrom, or any Part of such Accumulations or Income, in making such Provision for such Widows as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the Accumulations or Income so applied in any Year were Part of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds or other Sum originally appropriated in that Year.

3. The Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall from Time to Time make such Rules as may seem fit for determining the Nature and Amount of the Provision to be made for such Widows as aforesaid, according to the Circumstances of different Cases, and for governing the

Selection

303

Part of Sect 19 of recited Act repealed.

Appropriation out of Revenues of Hospital for Provision for Widows.

Widows Fund to be created by Accumulation of unexpended Balances.

Admiralty to make Rules to be approved by Order in Council.

m

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c: 67> 68.

Selection of the Persons to receive the Benefit of this Act, and for regulating the Formation and Maintenance of the said Widows Fund, and generally for regulating the Application to the Purposes of this Act of the yearly Sum to be appropriated as aforesaid* and of the said Widows Fund; but any such Buies shall not have effect until they are approved by; Her Majesty in Council. '

Every Order in Council under this Act shall be hud before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting* and if not* then within One Month after the beginning of the next Sitting of Parliament. t

[Short Title.]

4. This Act maybe cited as The Greenwich Hospital (Provision for Widows) Act, 1863.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to extend the Powers of the Act relating to the Main Drainage of tjhe Metropolis.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years 21 & 22 Vict of Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, intituled C UtmMain°" *° a^r an^ amen^ Metropolis Local Management Act, 1865, and to extend the

Drainage Act). f Powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works for the Purification of the Thames and the Main Drainage of the Metropolis (which Act is herein-after referred to as the Main

<C Drainage Act, 1858"), the Metropolitan Board of Works are required to complete with ' all convenient Speed the necessary Works for the Main Drainage of the Metropolis: And whereas the said Board are empowered to borrow for the Purposes of the said Act in

, ' manner therein mentioned any Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole Throe Mil- lions, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are authorized to guarantee in manner in the said Act mentioned the Payment of the Principal and Interest on the

Monies so borrowed: And whereas the said Board have proceeded to a very considerable ' Extent in the Execution of the Works required by the said Main Drainage Act, but by f reason of the Increase in the Price of Materials and Labour since the Date of tie said Act, and of the Necessity having arisen for additional Works, a further Sum of One

million two hundred thousand Pounds will be required for the Completion of the whole of such Works:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows i (that is to say, }

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Metropolitan Main Drainage Extension Act, 1863."

2. The Metropolitan Board of Works may borrow, with the Consent and id manner

provided by the Main Drainage Act, 1858, any Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole One million two hundred thousand Pounds, in addition to the Sums by that Acjt authorized to be borrowed.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may guarantee the "Payment of the

Principal and Interest of any Money borrowed under this Act, in manner and eubject to the Conditions in and subject to which they are authorized to guarantee the Payment of *the Principal and Interest of any Monies borrowed under the Main Drainage Act, 1858w >

4. This Act shall be construed as One with the Main Drainage Act, 185£, and all the Provirions of that Act with respect to the borrowing of Money and the Securities for the same, and with respect to the Guarantee to be given by the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Indemnity of the Commissioners against Loss on this Guarantee, and with respect to the levying Bates, and generally with respect to any Matter incidental to or conaef

7 - / qoential

[Short Title.]

Power to Board to borrow 1, 200,000l.

Power to Treasury to guarantee Money borrowed.

Construction of this Act and the Main Drainage Act, 1858.

105

36? & 27° SflCTOiRIl, 68/09.

eliknd oil thte borrowing of Money therein mentioned, shall apply to the Monies aritKometl tubckbj^owed u§*ier this Act in tie same Maimer as if the Monies were borrowed tinder thb &dbMaih Drainage Act, 1858.

V LI - r- 1 ' 1 . Application of

('5, All Monies borrowed under this Act shall be applied to the 6£jme Purposes as Monies Monies bor-

j)W{ed ^nder the eaidMain Drainage Act, 18$8 .:

n *6l The Time farthe Completion of the Works authorized to be executed by the Board Extension of for the Main Drainage of the Metropolis shall be extended to the Thirty-first Day of

tljqpsand eight hundred and sixty-six. j Works/:

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to establish Officers of the Royal Naval Reserve.

[21st July 1863.]

Majesty is now empowered to avail Herself of the Services of certain 4 tXT i QftKerS of the Merchant Service of the United Kingdom, and of the Colonies and U^tpa^as Oncers of .Reserve to the-Royal Navy; and it b expedieiA to '<; qx$end?$uch Rower saas to enable Her Majesty to accept the Services in the like Capacity f.p$fiQjfcl^r Qualified Persqnp; and it is also expedient that the Provisions relating to shell ^fAqqeptaftfte , of Services should be comprised in One Act; Be it therefore enacted by the £tpf$k'g jflqstRxaelient Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

ibn Her Majesty to accept from Time to Time the Offers of any PCTSo?brVhb fcaifcrbeeh, are, or shall be Masters, Mates, or Engineers of Ships in the

tefcfihht Ser^cp aforesaid, or of other British Ships not belonging to Her Majesty, or j afiv. Persons who Jmve been Commissioned Officers, Masters, or Engineers in the r^7tNayal Fotae of Her Majesty or in the Naval Force of the East India Company, fesfcrve; a^Officers of Reserve to, the Royal Navy, upon such Terms and Conditions a3 to tiler Majcistjr ma^ fr(pm Time to Time seem fit,

oi ATrTbfe Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing his Office, herein-after ntey enrol as Officers of Reserve to the Royal Navy so many of such Jferapnp atf aforesaid aathe Admiralty may from Time to Tidae deem expedient, under and subject^tosuokRtolfeg, Orders, and Regulations as the Admiralty may, with the Consent of Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time establish; and such Persons so enrolled shall bea^ficn Rank ift respect to the Officers of the Royal Navy as the Admiralty may from Time to Time direct, and shall, when called out for Training or Exercise, or on actual ftkrnta, be Mqetot *or<aU Hue Laws, Regulations, and distort*1 for the Time being in force fficfthet^uei^inBntand Discipline of the Royal Navy.

Persons so'enrolled as 6fficers of Reserve shall be entitled to receive such Pay and Allowances as the Admiralty, with the Consent of Her Majesty in Council, may from SSrthrtOrTiin^dp^ Person is disabled receives any Hurt or Wound

in aobnii&fomcQ ha shall be entitled, to the same Allowance or Pension in respect thereof i6{ the Royal Navy of corresponding Rank would be entitled to under similar Circumetaric^s; /and >i£.aniy sudh Person is killed in Action, or dies from any Wound or Accident resulting fijom the Performance, of his Dnfy, his Wido\y (if any) shall be entitled l^.t^san^e1 Pensibnas the Widow of an Officer of the Royal Nay, of corresponding Rank wouldi(

ja^ vltfahall be lawful far Her Majesty! to continue the Services of all Person* who have feeroxnnolted !«rOffioors of Refeerve to the Royal Navy before the passing1 of this Act, and 27 Vict. Q <j the

Power to Her Majesty to accept Services of Masters, &c. of Merchant Service.

Power to Admiralty to enrol Officers of Reserve to the Royal Navy. r

As to Pay, Allowances, and Pensions, of Officers of Reserve and -Pensions of r Widows of such Officers.

As to Continuance of Officers already enrolled.

306

Provision as to existing and future Regulations.

On passing of this Act,

24 & 25 Vict. c. 129. repealed.

[Short Title.]

25 & 26 Vict. c. 110.

26 & 27 Vict c. 4.

Charge on Consolidated Fund of 1, 200,000l., to be at Disposal of Public Works Loan Commissioners.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 69, 70.

the Sendees of all such Persons shall be deemed to be continued by Her Majesty as if this Act had not been passed, unless and until Her Majesty thinks fit to discontinue the same.

5. All Rules, Orders, and Regulations relating to Persons enrolled as Officers of Reserve to the Royal Navy made before the passing of this Act by the Admiralty, with the Consent of Her Majesty in Council, shall, with respect to all Persons enrolled before the passing of this Act, continue in force as if this Act had not been passed, and shall also extend and apply, as far as may be, mutatis mutandis, to all Persons so enrolled after the passing of this Act, but so that any Rules, Orders, and Regulations made as aforesaid from Time to Time under this Act may repeal or alter all or any Part of any Rules, Orders, and Regulations made before the passing of this Act, and shall, unless otherwise expressed, extend and apply as well to Persons so enrolled before the passing of this Act as to Persons so enrolled after the passing of this Act.

6. On the passing of this Act the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, (Chapter One hundred and twenty-nine,) " to enable Her Majesty to accept the Services of Officers of the Merchant Service as Officers of Reserve " to the Royal Navy," shall be repealed; but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of the said Act, or the Validity of anything already done, or any Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability already accrued thereunder.

7. This Act may be cited as "The Officers of Royal Naval Reserve Act, 1863."

CAP. LXX.

An Act to facilitate the Execution of Public Works in certain Manufacturing Districts; to authorize for that Purpose Advances of Public Money to a limited Amount upon Security of Local Rates; and to shorten the Period for the Adoption of The Local Government Act, 1858, in certain Cases.

[21st July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, (which was extended for a further Period by an Act of the present Session,) reciting that by reason of the

9 closing of Mills and Factories in certain Parts of the Country great Numbers of the labouring and manufacturing Classes had been thrown out of Employment, Provision was made 9 to enable Boards of Guardians of certain Unions to obtain temporary Aid to meet the 9 extraordinary Demands for Relief therein:

9 And whereas great Numbers of the same Classes still remain out of Employment in 9 the Parts of the Country aforesaid, and it is expedient to make Provision for better 9 enabling Local Authorities therein to give Employment by the Execution of Works of 9 public Utility and sanitary Improvement

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, For the Purposes of Loans under this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, from Time to Time by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of them, -cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole One million two hundred thousand Pounds, such Money to be applied exclusively under this Act, and to be at the Disposal of the Public Works Loan Commissioners in like Manner in all'respects as Money placed at their Disposal under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70. 307

Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty), and the Acts therein recited, subject, nevertheless, 24 & 25 Vict to the Provisions of this Act, which Provisions shall have full Effect, notwithstanding c* 80-anything in the Public Works Loan Act, 1853, to the contrary contained. 16 & 17 Vict.

2. All the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Incorporation Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in and conferred and imposed by the said Acts, or any of them, so far as the same Work* Loan can be made applicable and are not varied by this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Acts.

Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, and as if the same were herein repeated and set forth.

3. For the Purposes of such Works as are herein-after mentioned, the Public Works Loan Commissioners may, out of the Money for the Time being at their Disposal under this or any other Act, from Time to Time lend to any such Local Board or Local or other Authority as herein-after described, namely,

Any Local Board acting under The Local Government Act, 1858;

Any Local Authority invested with Powers of Town Government and rating under any Local Act, by whatever Name such Local Authority may be called;

Any Commissioners or Body of Persons or other Authority having Power to levy Rates for general or special Purposes; or Any Guardians of the Poor authorized to borrow as herein-after provided; and any such Local Board or Local or other Authority may from Time to Time borrow from the Public Works Loan Commissioners accordingly such Sum or Sums of Money as may be required, subject and according to the following Provisions:

(1.) Any such Loan may be made for the Purposes of any permanent Works which the Local Board obtaining the Loan is authorized to execute under the Powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, or this Act, or (as the Case may be) which the Local or other Authority obtaining the Loan is authorized to execute under the Powers of any Local Act or this Act or otherwise:

(2.) Any such Loan may be made to any such Local or other Authority, whether such Local or other Authority has or has not Power to borrow under any Local Act or otherwise, independently of this Act:

(3.) Any such Loan may be made to any such Local Board or Local or other Authority to the Amount authorized by this Act, notwithstanding any Limitation of the Amount to be borrowed by such Local Board or Local or other Authority imposed by any Local Act or otherwise, but so that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to give to any Loan made under this Act Equality as to Order of Charge, or of Payment of Interest or Principal, with any Loan made or to be made under any Local Act, except only as to such Portion (if any) of the Money raised under this Act as might have been raised under the Local Act, independently of this Act:

(4.) The total Amount to be lent under this Act to any Local Board or Local or other Authority shall not exceed such Amount as would be equal to One Year's rateable Value of the Property assessable within the District or Place in respect of which any such Loan under this Act may be made 2 The Interest payable in respect of every such Loan under this Act shall be at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum

Power for Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend, and for Local Boards and Authorities to borrow, for the Purposes and on the Terms specified.

(5.)

(6.)

The Repayment of every such Loan shall be made by such Number of equal annual Instalments, not exceeding Thirty, as the Poor Law Board specify in their Order sanctioning the same; but that Board may, if they think fit, authorize the Postponement of the Payment of any Instalment becoming due within the first Three Years for a Period not exceeding Two Years:

(7.) The Repayment of any such Loan with the Interest thereon shall be secured by the Local Board or Local or other Authority to whom the Loan is made by a Mortgage of or Charge upon all or any of the Rates leviable by such Local Board or Local or other Authority, either alone or together with such other Property or Income as may be agreed on between such Local Board or Local or other Authority and the Public Works Loan Commissioners; and in the Case of

m

Application of Money borrowed.

Postponement or withholding of Instalments of Loan when Works not proceeded with satisfactorily.

Appointment of inspecting Engineer.

Abridgment of Time requisite for Adoption of Local Government Act.

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 70.

Guardians upon the Security of the]Rates for the Relief of the Poor, or to be raised by the Overseers in manner herein-after provided, and it shall not be incumbent on those Commissioners to require any other Security:

(8.) Every Local Board or Local or other Authority obtaining any such Loon shall have Power by virtue of this Act to give such Security as aforesaid, and to charge such Rates, Property, or Income as aforesaid accordingly; and every such Local Board or Local or other Authority shall have Power, by virtue of this Act, and is hereby required, to levy such Rates or to make such Orders for Contributions respectively as may be requisite for the Purposes of any such Security, notwithstanding any Limitation of the Amount of Rates to be levied by such Local Board or Local or other Authority imposed by any Local or other Act or otherwise; and in the Case of any Local Board or Local Authority having rating Powers under "The Local Government Act, 1858," or any General or Local Act, such Rates may be included in and levied with the General District Rate under that Act, or any Rate levied under any General or Local Act:

(9.) The Provisions of Sections Fifty-seven and Seventy-eight of the Local Government Act, 1858, and any Provisions relative thereto, in the same or any other Act contained, shall not apply to any Loan under this Act:

(10.) Every Loan under this Act shall be made with the Authority of an Order of the Poor Law Board, which Order that Board may make if satisfied that the Circumstances of the District for which the Loan is required in reference to the Charge for the Relief of the Poor are such as to render the Loan expedient, and that all the Conditions of this Act have been complied with on the Part of the Local Board or Local or other Authority desiring to obtain the Loan; and any such Order of the Poor Law Board shall be sufficient to authorize the Public Works Loan Commissioners to make any such Loan, and shall not be liable to be questioned in any Court of Law or Equity.

4. Any Local Board or Local or other Authority obtaining a Loan under this Act shall apply the whole of the Money borrowed exclusively for the Purposes of such permanent Works as aforesaid, and shall not apply any Part thereof in or towards paying off any Debt or Charge existing at the Time of the making of such Loan other than such as may be due in respect of such Works.

5. The Money borrowed shall be advanced by the Public Works Loan Commissioners in such Instalments as the Poor Law Board shall from Time to Time by any Order direct; and the* Payment by the Public Works Loan Commissioners of any such Instalment may be postponed or withheld on a Notice from the Poor Law Board certifying that the Works in respect of which the Loan was authorized are not being proceeded with, in conformity with the Plan proposed, to the Satisfaction of the Poor Law Board.

6. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, upon the Application of the Poor Law Board, appoint from Time to Time an Engineer or Engineers to report to that Board upon any Works proposed to be executed, or in the course of being executed, or completed, by means of a Loan under this Act, and the Engineer or Engineers so appointed shall have full Power and Authority, at all reasonable Times, to examine the Plans, Specification, and Estimates of such Works, to enter upon and survey such Works or the Site thereof, and to inspect the Accounts of any Local Board or Local or other Authority in relation thereto.

7. For facilitating the Adoption of The Local Government Act, 1858, the following Provisions shall, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, take effect and be in force:

(1.) Section Twelve of that Act, and any Provision relative thereto, shall be redd and construed as if the Words " a Week's" were substituted in that Section for the Words " a Month's

(2.) Section Seventeen of that Act, and ai^y Provision relative thereto, shall be read and construed as if the Words " Fourteen Days" were substituted, in that Section for the

309

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

the Words "Twenty-one Days," and as if the Words " Seven Days" were substituted in that Section for the Words " Fourteen Days (3.) Section Twenty of that Act, and any Provision relative thereto, shall be read and construed as if the Words " Twenty-one Days" were substituted throughout that Section for the Words "Two Months (4.) Section Three of The Local Government Act Amendment Act, 1863, shall not apply to Appeals against Resolutions of Adoption in Cases coming within the Operation of this Act.

8. Where any Local Authority acquires under this Act any Powers by virtue of Section Fifteen of The Local Government Act, 1858, which are repugnant to or inconsistent with those of the Local Act, the Local Authority shall proceed under the Powers and Provisions of The Local Government Act, 1858; and wherever in any such Case the last-mentioned Act and the Local Act contain Provisions for effecting the same or a similar Object, but in different Modes, the Local Authority may proceed under The Local Government Act, 1858, or under the Local Act.

In every such Case of Acquisition of Powers under this Act, Section Twelve of The Local Government Act, 1858, and any Provision relative thereto, shall be read and construed as if the Words "a Week's " were substituted in that Section for the Words " a Month's."

9. Section Four of "The Local Government Act Amendment Act, 1863," shall apply to any Place which may adopt " The Local Government Act, 1858," under this Act, notwithstanding the Population of such Place is more than Three thousand.

10. With respect to any Works to be executed in exercise of the Powers contained in Section Sixty-nine of "The Public Health Act, 1848," and Section Thirty-eight of The Local Government Act, 1858," by means of any Loan under this Act:

(1.) The Notice required to be given prior to the Execution of such Works by the Local Board or Local Authority may be in the Form prescribed by " The Local Government Amendment Act, 1861," or to the like Effect, and may be served by delivering the same to or at the Residence or Place of Business of the Person or Persons to whom it is addressed, or by delivering the same to some Person upon the Premises in respect of which the Works are required, or, if there be no Person upon the Premises who can be so served, by fixing such Notice upon some conspicuous Part of the Premises, or advertising the same in One or more of the Newspapers circulated in the Place:

(2.) Specifications and Estimates of the Works, certified by the Surveyor of the Local Board or Local Authority, shall be deposited for Inspection, with the Plan and Sections, in the Manner required by " The Local Government Act (1858) Amendment Act, 1861 and when the Works affect the Property of more than One Person, the Estimates shall show the proposed Apportionment of the Expenses of the Works in respect of such Properties respectively:

(3.) Any Person to whom such Notice as aforesaid has been given may, before the Expiration of the Period limited thereby for the Execution of the Works mentioned therein, object to the Execution of such Works in the Manner specified, (and to the proposed Apportionment of the Expenses of executing the same, and may give Notice in Writing within the Period aforesaid to the Local Board or Local Authority of the Matters objected to:

1 In default of giving the Notice lastly required, it shall not be competent for

such Person to question the Validity of any Rate or Charge made by the Local Board or Local Authority for defraying or securing the Expenses incurred by them in executing such Works, except on the Ground that the same have not been executed in conformity with the Plan, Section, Specification, or Estimates thereof: i(4v) 'In case of Notice of Objection as aforesaid, the Local Board or Local Authority; may thereupon require that the several Matters objected to shall be referred to Arbitration in the Manner prescribed by "The Public Health Act, 1848," before they proceed to execute the Works in question, and the Result of such i* s- > Arbitration shall be finalr

Mode of proceeding on Acquisition of Powers under Local Government Act.

Power to abandon the Local Government Act.

Mode of proceeding in respect of the paving, &c. of private Streets.

Objections, &c.

Additional Powers for Local Boards or Local Authorities to execute Works of Improvement

Power for Execution ot private Improvements by Agreement with Owners of Property.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

(5.) The Charge upon any Property affected by the Works executed under this Section in respect of the Expenses incurred by any Local Board or Local Authority in

the Execution of such Works shall have Priority over any Mortgage or other

Incumbrance upon such Property, and shall be recoverable in the Manner provided by "The Public Health Act, 1848," and "The Local Government Act, 1858," for the like Purpose.

11. No Objection shall be allowed at the Hearing of any Information or other Proceeding

under this Act on the Ground of any alleged Defect in Substance or in Form in any Notice, Summons, Complaint, or Order made or issued under this Act, or on account of any Variance between such Notice, Summons, Complaint, or Order and the Evidence adduced at the said Hearing, unless it shall appear to the Justices present and acting at the said Hearing that the said alleged Defect or Variance has misled the Person by or on whose Behalf the said Objection is taken; but if the said Justices shall be of opinion that the said alleged Defect or Variance has misled such Person, it shall be lawful for the said

Justices to amend the same, and to adjourn the Hearing of such Information or Proceeding to such Time and on such Terms as they shall think fit.

12. Any Local Board or Local or other Authority (except Guardians) shall have Power to execute, by means of any Loan under this Act, all or any of the following Works, subject to the restrictive and saving Clauses and Provisions contained in The Local Government Act, 1858, so far as the same are applicable to the Execution of any such Works, in addition to the Works authorized by The Local Government Act, 1858, or any Local Act; that is to say, any such Local Board or Local or other Authority shall have Power —

To acquire, drain, lay out, plant, or otherwise improve any Common or other Lands used or intended to be used as Places of Public Recreation, to construct, improve, or enlarge any Reservoir for Water Supply, and to lay down or extend the requisite Pipes for such Reservoir;

To widen, deepen, cleanse, embank, straighten, or otherwise improve any River, Stream, or Brook;

and also to enter into any Agreement respecting the Execution of any such Work, or the Apportionment of the Cost thereof, with any Person or Authority interested in any such Lands, River, Stream, or Brook, or in any Property adjoining thereto, or likely to be beneficially or otherwise affected by any such Work.

13. Any Local Board or Local or other Authority may agree, but in the Case of Guardians not without the Approval of the Poor Law Board, with the Owner of any Lands in or adjoining to or near their District to make any Road or to execute any Work of Drainage or of private Improvement through, in, or on such Lands, at the Expense of the Owner, and may allow the Owner Time for Repayment of the Amount expended, and receive the same by annual Instalments, not being less than One Thirtieth Part of the entire Sum, with Interest at not less than the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upon the Sum from Time to Time remaining unpaid.

Where such Owner has a limited Estate or Interest only in such Lands, he may, by an Instrument in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances may require, charge the Inheritance of such Lands with the Amount so expended, and with the Amount of the Costs incurred by the Local Board or Local or other Authority, and by such Owner in relation to the Security to be given by him, together with Interest for the aggregate of those Amounts, at the Rate aforesaid, and may, by the same Instrument, declare the Manner and Times of the Payment of such Interest and of the Instalments aforesaid; and all the Provisions of The Local Government Act, 1858, with respect to the Recovery and Redemption of Private Improvement Rates shall apply, as far as may be, to every such Charge.

Provided, that no such Instrument shall operate so as to charge the Estate or Interest of any Person taking in succession after such limited Estate or Interest, until a Certificate, signed by an Engineer to be appointed as aforesaid, has been endorsed thereon, to the Effect that in the Opinion of such Engineer the Works in respect of which such Charge is intended to be created have been duly executed, and will effect such a permanent Increase in the

311

Power for Guardians, where there is no Local Board or Local Authority, to borrow for useful Works.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

yearly Value of the Lands to be charged as will render the Amount expended an Outlay beneficial to the Inheritance; and every such Certificate, so signed, shall be conclusive Evidence that the Engineer by whom the same is given has been duly appointed for the Purpose aforesaid.

In this Section the Term " Owner" means the Person who is for the Time being in receipt, whether on his own Account or as Trustee for any other Person, of the Rackrent of the Lands affected by such Works; or who, if such Lands were let to a Tenant at Rackrent, would for the Time being be entitled to the Receipt thereof, whether on his own Account or as Trustee for any other Person: Provided that any Person holding any Lands under a Lease shall not be entitled to be deemed the Owner thereof within the Meaning of this Section unless he holds the same for a Term whereof Thirty Years at least are unexpired at the passing of this Act, or for Lives whereof Two at least are subsisting at the passing of this Act, and where such Years or Lives are not unexpired or subsisting the Person entitled to the Reversion immediately expectant on the Determination of such Lease shall be deemed the Owner within the Meaning of this Section.

14. If the Guardians of any Union, Parish, or Township should, at a Meeting held after special Notice in Writing sent to every elected and do Guardian of the Union, determine that it would contribute to the Health or Convenience of the Inhabitants of any Place for which such Guardians are the Local Authority for executing the Powers of the Nuisances Removal Acts that any of the following Works should be executed; viz.

That any Pond, Pool, open Ditch, Sewer, or Drain should be drained, cleansed, covered, or filled up;

That any Highway or public Road or Footpath should be made, levelled, or improved;

That any River, Stream, or Brook should be widened, deepened, cleansed, embanked, straightened, or otherwise improved;

That a Sewer or Drain should bo made or improved;

That a Well should be dug;

That a Reservoir for Water Supply should be constructed, improved, or enlarged, or the requisite Pipes connected with any Reservoir for Water Supply be laid down, improved, or extended;

That any Common or other Lands used or intended to be used as Places of Public Recreation should be drained, laid out, planted, or otherwise improved; or

That any other Work of public Utility or sanitary Improvement should be executed; such Guardians may procure a Plan of such Works, and an Estimate of the Cost thereof, and lay the same before the Poor Law Board, who, upon being satisfied that such Works may be properly undertaken and executed, may, by an Order, authorize the Guardians to borrow, and thereupon the Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend to the Guardians, subject and according to the Provisions herein-before contained, such Money as the Poor Law Board may consider necessary for the Works so approved, the Repayment of such Money, with Interest at the Rate aforesaid, to be secured by the Guardians by a Mortgage of or Charge upon the Rates raised or to be raised in manner herein-after mentioned; the Guardians shall cause such Works to be executed, subject to the restrictive and saving Clauses and Provisions contained in The Local Government Act, 1858, so far as the same are applicable to the Execution of any such Works, paying the Cost thereof out of the Money so borrowed, with Power nevertheless, if they think fit, from Time to Time to appoint a Committee or Committees of their own Body, of which Committee the elected Guardian or Guardians of any such Place and the Justices of the Peace resident therein shall ex offi cio be Members, if not otherwise elected, to act in and for One or more of the Places for which the Guardians are the Local Authority, and every Committee so appointed shall have the full Power to direct and superintend the Execution of such Works within the specified Place or Places for which the Committee is appointed.

15. The Instalments of Principal in Repayment of any Loan under this Act to Manner in Guardians shall, with the Interest on 60 much of the Loan as from Time to Time remains which Parishes unpaid thereon, be contributed and raised in manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) toward

(1.) Where the Works for which the Loan has been advanced shall be undertaken for a the Repayment Place maintaining its own Poor, the Instalments and the Interest shall be con- of Loans to

tributed GuMdians-

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Act, except as to compulsory Towers.

Incorporation of Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. with respect to Mortgages.

Validity of Mortgages notwithstanding Irregularities of Proceedings.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

tributed by the Overseers upon the Order of the Guardians out of the Poor's Rate, in like Manner as the other Claims of the Guardians upon them:

(2.) Where the Works shall be undertaken for Two or more such Places the Instalments and the Interest shall be apportioned by the Guardians between such Places in proportion to the Costs of the Works undertaken therein respectively, as set forth in the Estimate for the same, approved of by the Poor Law Board, and the Instalments and Interest when so apportioned shall be contributed by the Overseers of such Places respectively upon the Order of the Guardians as aforesaid:

(3.) Where the Works shall be undertaken for a Place, for Part only of which the Guardians are the Local Authority, the Instalments and the Interest shall be contributed by the Overseers upon the Order of the Guardians, but the Overseers shall raise the Amount from Time to Time as required by a Rate upon aU the rateable Property within that Part of such Place within wnioh the Guardians are the Local Authority, as if such Part were a separate Place maintaining its own Poor; and such Rate shall be made and enforced in like Manner in every respect as a Rate for the Relief of the Poor:

(4.) Where the Works shall be undertaken for One or more Places maintaining their own Poor, and also for One or more such Places, for Part only of which the Guardians are the Local Authority, the Instalments and the Interest shall be apportioned by them between such Places and Parts of Places respectively, and shall be contributed and collected by the Overseers in manner herein-before provided with respect to Contributions from such Places and Parts of Places respectively.

16. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and any Act amending the same, except with respect to the taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act; and for the Purposes of those Acts this Act shall be deemed the Special Act, and the Local Board or Local or other Authority exercising the Powers of this Act shall be deemed the Promoters of the Undertaking.

17. The Clauses of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, except so far as the same may be inconsistent with the Provisions of the said Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty), or of any of the Acts therein recited, shall be incorporated with this Act; and in the Construction of this Act and of the said incorporated Clauses this Act shall be deemed the Special Act, and the Local Board or Local or other Authority to which a Loan is made shall be deemed to be the Commissioners.

18. Every Mortgage for securing Money lent under this Act purporting to be executed

by any such Local Board or Local or other Authority as herein-before described, except Guardians, in manner provided by the Clauses of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, herein incorporated, and every like Mortgage purporting to be executed by the Guardians of any Union, Parish, or Township as aforesaid, shall constitute a complete and valid Security on the Rates, Property, and Income thereby expressed to be mortgaged, and shall give to and impose on the Local Board or Local or other Authority intrusted with the levying of the Rates thereby expressed to be mortgaged, or authorised to make Calls for Contributions as herein-before mentioned, the Power and Obligation from Time to Time to levy such Rates, or to make and enforce such Calls, as the Case may be, to an Amount sufficient to maintain any such Works, and to discharge, m manner provided by such* Mortgage, the Principal and Interest expressed to be thereby secured, notwithstanding aHVj Defect or Irregularity in the Election, Appointment, Constitution, or Proceedings of such Local Board or Local or other Authority, and notwithstanding any Vacancy in the Number of Persons, or any Disqualification of any Person or Persons being a Member of pr constituting such Local Board or Local or other Authority, and notwithstanding that apy Person or Persons may have assumed to act as Member or Members of such Local Board or Local or other Authority, or as such Authority, though not legally elected, appointed, constituted, or qualified as such Member, Members, or Authority. v

26* & 27° VICTORIA:, c. 70. SIS

19. Where the Public Works Loan Commissioners make a Loan in pursuance of any such Order of the Poor Law Board as herein-before mentioned, and take a Mortgage for securing Repayment of the same, purporting to be made under the Authority of this Act, they shall not be bound to require Proof that any Condition imposed by this Act has been duly complied with; and in every such Case the Local Board or Local or other Authority shall have full Power and is hereby required to levy the Rates mortgaged, or to make and enforce such Calls for Contributions as aforesaid, as the Case may be, for Repayment of the Money borrowed, with Interest, notwithstanding that any such Condition may not have been complied with; and it shall not be competent to any Ratepayer or other Person to question the Validity of any such Mortgage or Itate on the Ground that any such Condition had not been complied with.

20. The Poor Law Board shall not make an Order for a Loan under this Act in any Limitation of Case after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, unless they T*m? ?or think fit to make an Order after that Day with a view to the Completion of Works then ^0^mg already begun.

21. This Act shall extend and apply only to Boroughs, Parishes, Towns, Districts, and

Places within or comprising the Unions situate wholly or in part in the Counties of Chester, Tudln Lancaster, and Derby. Relief Aid

y Acts.

22. The Word " Overseers" shall include Churchwardens in the Case of any Parish to interpretation, which this Act applies.

[Short Title.]

23. This Act may be cited as The Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863.

Validity of Security on Rates notwithstanding Defect in compliance with Conditions of Act.

SCHEDULE.

This Deed, made the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

sixty-, witnesseth, that A.B., of being the Owner within the Meaning of "The Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863," of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule hereto, by virtue and in exercise of the Power in this Behalf vested in him by the said Act, and of every other Power enabling him in this Behalf, doth hereby charge the Inheritance of such Lands with the Sum of Pounds, being

the Amount expended by [describe the Local Board or Local or other Authority] in the Execution of the following Works for the Improvement of the said Lands [describe the JVorks], and with the Sum of Pounds, being the Amount of the Costs incurred by the said

Local Board [or Local or other Authority] and the said A.B. as such Owner as aforesaid in relation to this present Security, making together the Sum of Pounds,

together with Interest for the same aggregate Sum of Pounds at the Rate of., per Centum per Annum from the Day of until

full payment thereof; and doth hereby declare that the said Principal Money and Interest shall be paid by the Owner for the Time being of the said Lands to the said Local Board [or Local or other Authority] in manner following; namely, the Interest on such Principal Sum of; Pounds, or on so much thereof as from Time, to Time remains

unpaid, shall be paid by equal half-yearly Payments on the Day of

apd the Day of in every Year, the First Payment of such Interest to

be made on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and sixty-;

and such Principal Sum of Pounds shall be paid' by equal annual

Instalments on the Day of in every Year, the first of such Instalments

to be paid on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and siAty-

In witness whereof the said A.B. hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal the, Day of, One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

i Witnesses .;

, C.D. A>B. (li; S.);

E.F., f '* . i *

. 4 , £$ / & VICT. R r Sche-

314

23° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 70, 71

Schedule of Lands charged.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Description of Lands. Name of Occupier. Where situate. Total Acreage.

CAP. LXXL

An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is apprehended that the Navigation into Harwich Harbour may be

* " impeded by the Extension of Landguard Point across the Mouth of the Estuary in consequence of an Accumulation of Shingle on the Seaward Side of that Point:

4And whereas Harwich Harbour is used both as a Harbour of Refuge and for Purposes of local Trade, and it is therefore expedient that Measures should be taken to prevent the further Extension of Landguard Point as aforesaid, and otherwise to preserve and improve the Harbour:

And whereas, with a view to the more effectual Execution of such Measures, it is expedient that the whole Estuary should be placed under the Management of One 4 General Conservancy Authority, with Power to execute all necessary Works, and to levy Rates on Ships using the Harbour:

And whereas it is expedient that a Sum should be contributed, out of Money to be provided by Parliament, towards the Expenses of the Execution of such Works as may be necessary for the Preservation and Improvement of the Harbour:

And whereas it is expedient that certain Dues now levied on Ships using the Harbour and Goods therein, but not applied exclusively to Shipping Purposes, should be abolished May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863.

2. In this Act —

The Term "Person" shall include Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors:

The Term the Treasury" means the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury:

The Term the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term the Board of Trade" means the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade, aitd Foreign Plantations: i

The Term "the Trinity House" means the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and United Trinity and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent: .)

315

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

The Term " the Municipal Corporation of Hamrick" means the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Harwich:

The Term " the Municipal Corporation of Ipswich" means the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich:

The Term " the Ipswich l)ock Commissioners" means the Commissioners incorporated by The Ipswich Dock Act, 1852.

Conservancy Board\

8. There shall be Nine Conservators for carrying this Act into execution, which Con- Harwich Har-servators and their Successors shall be and are hereby, for the Purposes of this Act, CBoard incorporated by the Name of The Harwich Harbour Conservancy Board, and by that Name Sw^orated. shall be One Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and with Power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of Land and other Property for the Purposes but subject to the Restrictions of this Act.

The Term " the Conservancy Board '* herein-after used means the Harwich Harbour Conservancy Board.

4. The Appointment and Election of the several Conservators forming the Conservancy Appointment Board, and their Tenure of Office, shall be regulated as follows:—

(1.) One Conservator shall be appointed by each of the following Authorities, —

The Treasury;

The Admiralty;

The Trinity House;

The Municipal Corporation of Harwich, acting by the Town Council;

The Municipal Corporation of Ipswich, acting by the Town Council; and The Ipswich Dock Commissioners; and Two by the Board of Trade:

(2.) The First Appointment of each such Conservator shall be made as soon as may be after the passing of this Act:

(3.) Each Vacancy in the Office of any such Conservator shall be filled up by an Appointment made by the same respective Authority as appointed or was entitled to appoint the vacating Conservator:

(4.) Each Appointment of any such Conservator shall be determinable at any Time by the Authority which appointed that Conservator, and (subject thereto and to the other Provisions of this Act) shall be operative for Five I ears and no longer; but at the End of the Term of Five Years an out-going Conservator shall be capable of Re-appointment:

(5.) In, case the Municipal Corporation of Harwich or Ipswich or the Ipswich Dock Commissioners fau on any Occasion to appoint a Conservator in conformity with this Act within One Month after being required by the Board of Trade to do so, then the Board of Trade, instead of the Authority so failing, shall for that Turn appoint a Conservator:

(6.) The Owners and Occupiers of Lands situate in the Parishes of Mistley and Man-ningtree in the County of Essex, and abutting on the River Stour, who are for the Time being rated to the Relief of the Poor for those Parishes respectively upon a rateable Value of not less than Fifteen Pounds a Year, shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, and thenceforth annually, elect One Person to be a Conservator.

6. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall Parts of (Softr as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with any of the Provisions of this Act) apply to the Conservancy Board and the several Conservators (for the Purposes rated, of Which Act this Act shall be deemed the Special Act), except the Clauses with respect to Accounts and Byelaws, and Recovery of Damages and Penalties; and Section One hundred and nine thereof shall be read as subject to the Provisions of this Act expressly affecting Such of the Rights or Things therein mentioned as are specified in this Act; and with reference to Section Thirty-nine, the prescribed Number (forming a Quorum) of the Conservators shall be Three.

Rr 2 6. The

and Election of the several Conservators, originally and on Vacancies;

Tenure of Office.

Accounts to be kept, &c.» and the same irtth Report of t Board to be laid annually; before Parliament,

Harwich Harbour, and Limits of Jurisdiction of Board defined.

Transfer to Board of existing Conservancy Powers.

Direction to Board to execute Works.

Power to Board to execute other Works for

26? & 271 VtOTORI., c. 7L

6. The Accounts of the Receipts, Expet^lbare^ Gredita^ and Liabiliiieeof the Conser-

vancy Board shall be kept and audited, and the-eame, or proper Abstracts thereof, shall be published in such Form and Manner, and at such Times, as the Board of Trad^ from Time to Tin^ directs or approves; and a proper Abstract of all such Accounts, together with a Report of, the Conservancy. Board on their Proceedings, and on the Works executed by iiiem, and on the State of Harwich Harbour, shall be annually furnished by them to the Board of Trade, who shall lay the same before both Houses of Parliament. 1 j

; (' Jurisdiction and Estate of Conservancy Board.

7. For the Purposes of this Act Harwich Harbour shall be! deemed; to extepj from an imaginary Line drawn across the Mouth of the Estuary from the Seaward End of Land-guard Point in its present State on the One Side to the Seaward End of the Breakwater at Beacon Cliff on, the other Side, and throughout the Estuary and up the River Orwell to an imaginary Line drawn across that River from Shotley Point to Fagborovgk Cliff amd up the River Stour as far as the Tide flows, and up all Streams, Pools, Creeks, Inlets, and Vyaters communicating directly or derivatively with the aforesaid Part of the River Orwell or with the River Stour, or with any other Part of the Waters within the first-mentioned imaginary Line as far as the Tide flows up those Streams, Pools, Creeks, Inlets, and Waters *

The Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board shall extend throughout the Harbour, and klso along the Coast for a Distance of Four Miles in both Directions from the* Seaward End of Landgucerd Point in its present State, and also out to Sea. for the like Distance in every Direction from the same Point. '

The Map whereof Four Copies have been signed by the present President of the Board of Trade, and deposited, as to One of those Copies, with the Clerk, of the Peace for the County of Essex, and as to another with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, and as to the Third with the Town Clerk of the Borough of Harwich, and as to the .Fourth with the Town Clerk of the Borough of Ipswich, shall for all Purposes be conclusive Evidence of the Extent of the Harbour and of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board, the Limits of the Harbour being indicated thereon by a continuous Red Line, and the Limits of the Jurisdiction, where it extends beyond the Limits of the Harbour, being indicated thereon by a dotted Red Line. '

Each of the said Maps shall be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace or Towri Clerk with whom it is deposited, and may be inspected by any Person at an^ reasonable Time on Payment of One Shilling for each Inspection, ' .1 ]

8. The Conservancy of Harioich Harbour and of the Seashore within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board, so far as the same Conservancy is now vested in Her Majesty the Queen in right of Her Crown or of Her Office of Admiral, or in the Admiralty, or in either of the said Municipal Corporations, shall be and is hereby transferred to and vested in the Conservancy Board, who shall have anc} may exercise all the same Rights, Powers, and Jurisdiction for the Preservation and Regulation of the Harbour, and of the aforesaid Part of the Seashore* and for the Abatement and Removal of Nuisances affecting the same, and for the Prevention of Injury thereto, as now are had or may lawfully be exercised by Her Majesty in right of Her Crown or of Her Office of Admiral, or by the Admiralty, or by either of the said Municipal Corporations.

9. As soon as may be after the passing of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time as Occasion may require, the Conservancy Board shall execute such Works irithih the Limits of their Jurisdiction as may seem best calculated to prevent the Point of Land called Landguard Point, at the North-eastern Side of the Mouth of the said Estuary, #pm extending Southwards across the Mouth in consequence of the Deposit and Accumulation there of Shingle, Sand, or other Substances.

la The Conservancy Board may alpo from Time to Time execute a# such Wo^v^nd do all such Things at any Place within the Limits of their Jurisdiction as may be necessary or proper for keeping open the Entrance exf the Harbour, or for preserving the Harbour, from

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, a. 7L

from Injury resulting frdm natural or artificial Causes, or for maintaining or improving the generalNavigation of the Harbour, or for facilitating Access thereto.

11. The Conservancy Board may from Time to Time, at any Place within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, dredge and remove from the Seashore below High-water Mark at ordinary Spring Tides Sand, Shingle, or other Substances, the dredging and Removal whereof appear to the Conservancy Board to be necessary or proper for the Preservation or Improvement of the Navigation of the Harbour; provided that where the Power vested in the Conservancy Board by the present Section is exercised with a view to the Improvement only, and not to the Preservation, of the Navigation of the Harbour, they shall make Compensation tb any Person interested in the Part of the Seashore affected for any Injury caused by the Exercise of such Power, the Title to and Amount and Application of such Compensation to be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1&45, and any Act amending it, for Determination of the Title to and Amount and Application of Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected, and the Amount of such Compensation shall be paid by the Conservancy Board out of Money coming to them under this Act.

12. All Works executed by the Conservancy Board under this Act shall be executed subject to the Approval and in conformity with any Directions of the Board of Trade.

Fourteen Days at least before commencing any Work the Conservancy Board shall submit a Plan thereof to such One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being as Her Majesty thinks fit to entrust with the Seals of the War Department, and the Conservancy Board shall not execute any Work to which Objection in Writing is made by such Secretary of State.

Lands,

13. For the Purposes of the Works which the Conservancy Board is by this Act directed to . execute for preventing the Extension of Landguard Point they may from Time to Time purchase and take, by Agreement or otherwise, any Part of the Seashore below High-water Mark at ordinary Spring Tides situate within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, and at or to the Northward of Landguard Point; and for the other Purposes of this Act the Conservancy Board may from Time to Time purchase and take by Agreement any other Land situate within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, or within the Distance of Half a Mile therefrom.

14. The Provisions of The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and of any Act amending it, and the Provisions of The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the temporary Occupation of Lands near the Railway during the Construction thereof, shall be incorporated with this Act.

In the Construction of trie said incorporated Provisions respectively in connexion with this Act this Act shall be deemed the Special Act; the Term Lands shall include Easements; the Term the Company shall mean the Conservancy Board; the Term the Railway shall mean any Work constructed by the Conservancy Board; and for the Measurement of Distance the Landward End of such Work shall be substituted for the Centre of the Railway.

Management and Protection of Harbour.

15. The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with this Act (for the Purposes of which Act this Act shall be deemed the Special Act); but Sections Ninety-niive and One hundred thereof shall be read as subject to the Provisions of this Act expressly affecting such of the Rights or Things therein mentioned as are specified ipa this Act.

1 16, The Conservancy Board may from Time to Time, at any Place within the Limits of their Jurisdiction, lfcy down and maintain or remove such Moorings as they think proper for the Convenience of Vessels.

1 Y1. It shall not be lawful for any Person at any Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board to construct on any Part of the Seashore below High-At&ter Math at ordinary Spring Tides any Work to the Construction whereof Objection in

Writing

317

Preservation and Improve* ratmt of the Harbour.

Power to Board to dredge.

Works executed by Conservancy Board subject to Approval of Board of Trade, &c.

As to Purchase of Land by the Conservancy Board.

Parts of 8 & 9 Vict. cc. 18. & 20. and

23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incorporated.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 27. incorporated.

Power for Conservancy Board to lay Moorings.

Prevention of Works injurious to Navigation.

Power to make Bye-laws respecting Removal of Ballast, Shingle, &c. from Shore.

28° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 71.

Writing is mads by the Conservancy Board on Grounds specified by them, and showing in their Opinion that such Work would be injurious to the Navigation of the Harbour or of the Entranoe thereof, or would tend to obstruct Aocess thereto, unless the Board of Trade, on Application being made to them in that Behalf by such Person, thinks fit to declare that in their Opinion such Work may be proceeded with, subject to such Conditions or Modifications, if any, as may seem to the Board of Trade necessary or proper with a view to the Protection of Navigation.

18. If it appears to, the Conservancy Board that the taking away of Ballast, Rock, Stone, Shingle, Gravel, Earth, or other Substance, by the Inhabitants of the District or others, at any Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board, is or tends to the Injury of Navigation, the following Provisions shall take effect, notwithstanding anything in this Act or in any Act incorporated herewith:

, (1.) The Conservancy Board, with and subject to the Approval of the Board of Trade, may from Time to Time make such Byelaws as seem fit for regulating, restricting, or prohibiting such taking away of Ballast, Rock, Stone, Shingle, Gravd, Earth, or other Substance, and may from Time to Time alter or repeal any such Byelaws:

(2.) The Conservanoy Board, after framing and transmitting to the Board of Trade such Byelaws as they think expedient in that Behalf, shall publish the same as follows:

By inserting the same as an Advertisement once at least in each of Two successive Weeks in some One and the same local Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood of the Harbour:

By depositing a Copy thereof, within the same Two Weeks, for public Inspection at the Custom Houses of Ipswich and Harwich:

Every such Advertisement and Deposit being accompanied with a Notice of the Intention of the Conservancy Board to apply to the Board of Trade for Approval of such Byelaws:

(3.) The Board of Trade shall#take such proposed Byelaws into consideration, and also any Objection thereto that may be lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade within One Month after the Expiration of such last-mentioned Two Weeks, and shall either approve the proposed Byelaws, with or without Omission, Addition, or Alteration, or disapprove the same:

(4.) The Conservancy Boara shall publish such Byelaws as aro approved by the Board of Trade as follows:

By inserting the same as an Advertisement once at least in each of Two successive Weeks in the Local Newspaper in which the proposed Byelaws were inserted:

By depositing a Copy thereof within the same Two Weeks at the said Custom Houses:

(5.) At the Expiration of such last-mentioned Two Weeks the Byelaws so approved shall come into operation, unless a later Time in that Behalf is therein appointed, and shall thenceforth be binding on all Persons, and shall be sufficient to justify all Persons acting thereunder:

(6.) Such Byelaws may impose such reasonable pecuniary Penalties as seem fit, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for each Breach of a Byelaw; but so that such Byelaws shall be so framed as to allow the Authority before whom a Penalty thereunder is sought to be recovered to order Part only of the maximum Penalty to be paid:

(7.) A Copy of such Byelaws, in Writing or Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print, purporting to be certified as a true Copy thereof under the Hand of the Secretary or Chief Clerk of the Conservancy Board, shall be for all Purposes conclusive Evidence of the Existence and due making and Publication thereof:

(8.) If, nevertheless, in any such Case, but for such Byelaws such taking away of Ballast or other Substance at such Place as aforesaid would not have been unlawful, then every Person who would but for such Byelaws have had a Right

to

m

19. From and after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Power to levy

sixty-three the Conservancy Board may take, in respect of the Vessels in the Schedule to Rates *

this Act, Part I., described, any Rates not exceeding the Rates therein specified.

And whereas it is expedient that there should be Authority in proper Cases for the Reduction of Rates payable in respect of particular Classes of Vessels frequently using the Harbour, or the Exemption of particular Classes of Vessels from Rates; therefore the following Provision shall take effect:

20. The Conservancy Board may from Time to Time, subject to the Approval of the Power for

Board of Trade, and shall from Time to Time if and when required by the Board of Trade, in

make any such Reduction or allow any such Exemption as aforesaid in such Classes of ylaseis fre-

Cases as may seem meet quenting Harbour.

21. The Conservancy Board shall apply all Money received by them from Rates, or Application of

accruing from any Property acquired by them under this Act, in the Manner and in Hates.

the Order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In paying the Expenses of the Preservation and Regulation of the Harbour, and of the Execution of the Duties of the Conservancjy Board under this Act:

2. In paying the Interest on any Money borrowed under this Act:

3.)In creating any Sinking Fund required, or otherwise providing for the Payment of the Principal Money borrowed:

(4.) In paying the Expenses of the Improvement of the Harbour: and the Conservancy Board shall from Time to Time, subject to the Approval and according to any Directions of the Board of Trade, revise the Scale of Rates received by them, so that the Produce of the Rates may always be, as far as is practicable, sufficient and not more than sufficient for making-the Payments in this Section directed.

22. The Conservancy Board shall not make any Alteration in the Rates for the Time Alteration of

being leviable under this Act otherwise than by special Order, nor unless at each of the Hates by Meetings for the making of such special Order there are present at least Two of the r er

Conservators appointed by the Treasury, the Admiralty, the Board of Trade, and the

Trinity House.

23. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to Harwich Application

Harbour and the Conservancy Board under mis Act. of Part v. of

J 24 & 25 Vict.

Abolition of certain existing Dues. c* 47

24. From and after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Abolition of sixty-three the Dues on Shipping and Goods described in the Schedule to this Act, Part certain existing II, shall cease to be payable; but nothing herein shall prevent the Collection or Recovery ue8 '

of any Money then already payable in respect of any such Due.

25. Nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect any Right or Interest of any Person Nothing to

having any Charge on any of the said abolished Dues jointly with any other Dues, Rates, prince Fund, or Property, so far as relates to such other Dues, Rates, Fund, or Property; of

and it shall be the Duty of the Municipal Corporations of Harwich and Ipswich respectively corporation *

to

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

to take the same away at that Place, by virtue of a Right of Property in the Part of the Shore or other Place affected, whether as Grantor or Grantee, Lessor or Lessee, or otherwise, shall be entitled, on Proof of his Right to do so by virtue of such Right of Property, to receive from the Conservancy Board Comr pensation for any Loss or Damage sustained by him by reason or in consequence of such Byelaws, the Title to and Amount and Application of that Compensation to be determined in the Manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and any Act amending it, for Determination of the Title to and Amount and Application of Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected, which Payment the Conservancy Board may and shall make out of Money coming to them under this Act

Rates.

of Harwich and Ipswich.

Power to borrow Money for Works at Landguard Point on Security of Rates.

Grant by Treasury for those Works.

Power to Board to borrow for other Purposes.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

to make full Provision for the Payment of the whole of the Interest accruing due in respect of any such Charge, and for Repayment of the whole of the Principal Money charged, by and out of such other Dues, Rates, Fund, or Property as aforesaid, aU and every Portion whereof shall be, by virtue of this Act, charged with the whole of such Principal and Interest as aforesaid.

Borroicing Powers and Grant of Money.

26. For the Purposes of the Works which the Conservancy Board is by this Act directed to execute for preventing the Extension of Landguard Point they may, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, borrow at Interest such Money as may be required, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, on the Security of the Rates leviable by them under this Act, or of any Property acquired by them under this Act, or of both; and for the Purposes of the same Works the Treasury may, out of Money to be provided by Parliament, pay to the Conservancy Board such Sums or Sum not exceeding at any Time the Amount then borrowed under the present Section by the Conservancy Board, and not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and on such Terms, as the Treasury thinks fit; and this Provision shall be without Prejudice to the Power of the Conservancy Board to obtain a Loan from the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and of those Commissioners to make a Loan, for the Purposes of this Act.

27. For the other Purposes of this Act the Conservancy Board may, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, borrow at Interest such Money as may be required on any such Security as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE.

Part I.

Rates to be taken by Conservancy Board on all Vessels entering Harwich

Harbour from the Sea.

s. d.

For every Vessel of 30 Tons or upwards ..... per Ton 0 1

Every Vessel under 30 Tons, free.

Part II.

Existing Dues abolished by this Act.

Harwich.

(1.) Anchorage. — The Due (of Fourpence or any other Amount) for each Ship anchoring within the Portion of the Customs Port of Harwich which is in the Borough of Harwich, — claimed by the Municipal Corporation of Harwich by Prescription.

(2.) Groundage. — The Due (of Eightpence or any other Amount) for each Ship grounding within the same Portion of the same Port, — claimed as above mentioned.

Ipswich.

(3.) Mayor's Coal Dues. — A Due consisting of Two Bushels or any other Quantity of Coals out of every Cargo of Coal brought into the Port of Ipswich, or in lieu thereof a Commutation Due (of One Shilling or any other Amount) for every such Cargo, — claimed by the Municipal Corporation of Ipswich by Custom.

(4.) Mayor's Salt Dues. — A Quantity of Salt out of every Cargo of Salt brought into the Port of Ipswich, or in lieu thereof a Commutation Due (of One Shilling or any. other Amount) for every such Cargo, — claimed by the Municipal Corporation of Ipswich by Custom.

(£.) Anchorage.

321

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 71, 72.

(5.) Anchorage. — The Due (of One Shilling or any other Amount) for each Vessel not belonging to the Port of Ipswich anchoring in the River or in that Part of the Harbour which is within the Borough, namely, all that Part of the Harbour which lies to the North-west of a Line from a Place called Shotley Gate to a Sand called Polleshead, being the Sand at Landguard Point, — claimed by the Municipal Corporation of Ipswich by Custom.

(6.) Groundage. — The Due (of Eightpence or any other Amount) for each such Vessel grounding in the River or in the same Part of the Harbour, — claimed by the Municipal Corporation of Ipswich by Custom.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Howth.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by a certain Act of Parliament of the Session held in the Sixth and c & 7 W. 4.

4 Seventh Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-five, c* 35the Harbour of Howth, with the Appurtenances thereof, as in the said Act set forth, were respectively transferred to and made over and became vested in the Commissioners of.

4 Public Works in Ireland, and it was thereby enacted that the same should be repaired,

maintained, and supported by the said Commissioners so far as should from Time to Time be authorized by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: And whereas by a 4 certain Act of Parliament of the Session held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Three, being an Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries in Ireland by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers,

Hart >ours, and other Works, the Commissioners of Public Works, being the Commissioners for the Execution of that Act, were empowered, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to 'make Advances by wray of Grant to an Amount not exceeding the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied for the Purposes of that Act in the Manner therein provided, and subject to the Conditions

therein mentioned: And whereas by a certain other Act of Parliament of the Session held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her said Majesty, Chapter Seventy-five, the said Commissioners of Public Works were enabled to make further Advances by way of Grant for the Purposes of the said Act of the Session in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Three, not exceeding, the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Harbour of Howth has become an important Station and Place of Refuge for Vessels engaged in prosecuting the Sea Fisheries on the East Coast of Ireland^ but the said Harbour has of late Years been gradually silting up, whereby its Value and Usefulness have been materially injured and lessened: And whereas it is expedient that the said Harbour of Howth should be deepened and otherwise improved, and that the said Commissioners, out of any Balance unapplied and available of the said Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Forty thousand Pounds, should be empowered to expend on the Improvement of the said Harbour a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and that Provision should be made for the making of Byelaws for the Regulation of the said Harbour, and also for the Imposition of Tolls and Harbour Dues on Vessels frequenting and Goods imported into the same Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland with the Consent Commissioners of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury (anything in the said Acts of the Sessions ^1Jl*blic held in the Ninth and Tenth and Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her said Majesty to the advance^and contrary notwithstanding), out of the Balance available of the said Sums of Fifty thousand expend a Sum 26 & 27 VICT. S s Pounds not exceeding

5,000I for Improvement of the said Harbour.

Power to levy Tolls and Hates.

A List of the Hates, Tolls, &c. to be affixed in conspicuous Places.

Power to Commissioners to let the Tolls.

Application of Tolls, &c. and Rents of Lands.

Power to enforce Payment of Tolls, &c<

Power to Commissioners to make Byelaws.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 72.

Pounds and Forty thousand Pounds, to advance and expend upon the deepening and improving the said Harbour of Howth, and such other Works appertaining to the same as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may approve, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

2. It shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works and they are hereby authorized to levy or cause to be levied and paid for the Use of the said Harbour such Tolls and Rates, Licence Duties and Charges, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time approve of.

3. The said Commissioners shall cause a List, printed or painted in legible Characters, of the several Rates and Tolls which the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct and appoint to be taken, and which shall be payable by virtue of this Act, to be affixed on Boards in some conspicuous Place within the Limits of the said Harbour.

4. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, by public Bidding, from Time to Time to let or relet all or any of the Tolls or Rates payable under the Provisions of this Act, for Terms not exceeding Ten nor less than Five Years, on such Conditions and with such Security for Payment of the Rent reserved on such Lease, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time approve.

5. The Tolls, Rates, and Charges payable under the Provisions of this Act, or the Rent payable upon any Lease thereof, shall be applied by the said Commissioners from Time to Time in repairing and maintaining the said Harbour as the said Commissioners may think right

6* It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in Cases in which such Tolls, Rates, or Charges shall not be leased or let, and for the Lessees or Lessee of such Tolls or Rates if leased or let, from Time to Time to appoint sufficient Collectors and Officers or Agents for the Purpose of receiving the Tolls and Rates payable under this Act; and in case any Person liable to pay such Tolls or Rates shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for the Lessees or Lessee of the said Tolls and Rates, or their Officer or Agent, or other Person to whom such Toll or Rate ought to have been

Stid, to seize the Vessel, Goods, Articles, and Things in respect of which such Tolls or ates ought to have been paid wherever the same may be found, and to detain the same until such Tolls or Rates, together with the reasonable Costs and Expenses of such Seizure and Detention, shall be paid; and if such Vessels, Goods, Articles, and Things shall not be redeemed within Twenty-one Days after the Seizure thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold, and after deducting the Costs of such Seizure, Detention, and Sale all such Sums as shall be due in respect of such Toll or Rates shall be satisfied thereout, and the Overplus paid to the Owner in like Manner as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent in arrear.

7. It shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in addition to the Powers already vested in them, from Time to Time to make such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, not being contrary to any Law or Statute in force in Ireland, as to them shall seem meet and proper, according to the Circumstances of every Case, for better carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, or in any Manner relating thereto, and from Time to Time to alter or repeal all or any of such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations, and to make others, and to impose such Fines and Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, upon all Persons offending against any of such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and all such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them; and a Copy thereof, signed by the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Dublin, and the same shall be kept with the Records of the said County; and a printed or painted Copy of such of the said Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations as shall subject any Person, not being an Officer or Servant of the said Commissioners, to any Fine or Penalty, shall be exhibited on Boards or otherwise within the Limits of the said

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 72, 73.

said Harbour; and such Byelaws, Rules, and Orders shall be binding upon and shall be observed by all Persons whomsoever: Provided, that all such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations be approved of and confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in Council, by Writing under his or their Hands.

8. Provided always, That in all Cases of Prosecution for any Offence or Offences against any of the Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the said Commissioners, the Production of a Book or Document purporting to contain the Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations of the said Commissioners, and authenticated by the Signatures of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or by the Signature of their Secretary for the Time being, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Existence of such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to give further Facilities to the Holders of India Stock.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State in Council of India is empowered, under the T t provigions of certain Acts of Parliament passed in the Sessions holden

in the Sessions holden in the

Twenty-second and Twenty-third, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty respectively, to raise Money in the United Kingdom, not exceeding such Amount as is in the said Acts prescribed, and is further empowered, upon or for the Repayment of any Principal Money secured under the Authority of the said Acts respectively, to borrow or raise by the like Method all or any f Part of the Amount of Principal Money so repaid or to be repaid: And whereas Capital ' Stock has been and may be from Time to Time created and issued under the Authority of the said Acts respectively, and it is expedient to give further Facilities to the Holders 6 of such Stock in respect of the Transfer thereof, and the Receipt of the Dividends

thereon:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The India Stock Certificate Act, 1863."

2. In this Section and elsewhere in this Act the following Expressions have the Meanings here assigned to them:

iC The Bank "shall, with reference to the Stocks created and issued under the said Acts transferable at the Bank of England, and Certificates issued under this Act in respect thereof and the Coupons of such Certificates, mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall, with reference to the said Stocks transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and Certificates issued under this Act in respect thereof, and the Coupons of such last-mentioned Certificates, mean the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland:

M India Stock" shall mean any Stocks which have been or may be created and issued under the Acts aforesaid, transferable in the Books of the Bank, and tf Share in India Stock " shall include any Part of a Share:

Person " shall include Corporation.

3. With the Exception and subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned, every Person who now is or may hereafter be inscribed in the Books of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland as Proprietor of a Share in India Stock may obtain a Certificate or Certificates of Title to the said Share or to any Part thereof, having annexed Coupons entitling the Bearer to the Dividends payable in respect of that Share or Part of a Share.

323

Byelaws to be approved by Lord Lieutenant, &c.

Copies of Byelaws to be Evidence.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 39.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 130.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 25.

[Short Title.]

Definition of Terms.

Right to Certificate of Title to India Stock.

Restriction as to Trustees taking Certificates of Title.

General Provisions as to Certificates of Title.

Reconversion of the Certifi- 1 cate to Stock. 1

Fees in respect of Dealings with Stock under this Act.

Remuneration to the Bank.

General Regw r lations with respect to Certificates of Title.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

4. No Trustee of any Share in the said Stock shall apply for or hold a Certifioa e of Title to that Share, unless he is authorized so to do by the Terms of his Trust; and any Contravention of this Section by a Trustee shall be deemed to be a Breach of Trust, and be punishable accordingly; nevertheless, this Section shall not impose on the Bank any Obligation to inquire whether a Person applying for a Certificate of Title under this Act is or not a Trustee, nor subject them to any Liability in the event of their granting a Certificate of Title to a Trustee, nor invalidate any Certificate of Title if granted.

5« No Certificate shall be granted in respect of any Sum of Stock being other than One hundred, or Five hundred, or One thousand Pounds.

The Coupons annexed to an India Stock Certificate shall comprise the Dividends payable in respect of the Stock described in the Certificate. At the Expiration of the Period for which the Coupons shall have been issued fresh Coupons shall be issued for further successive Periods during the Continuance in force of the Stock Certificate; but the Bank may, if they think fit, in lieu of issuing fresh Coupons in respect of a Certificate, give in exchange a fresh Certificate with Coupons attached thereto.

Coupons shall be payable at the chief Establishment of the Bank at the Expiration of Three clear Days from the Day of Presentation.

The Payment to the Bearer of any Coupon of the Amount expressed therein shall be a full Discharge to the Bank of all Liability in respect of that Coupon, and the Dividend represented thereby.

If any India Stock Certificate or Coupon issued under this Act is lost or destroyed, and such Loss or Destruction proved in such Manner as may from Time to Time be directed by the Bank, the Bank shall grant a new Certificate or Coupon, on receiving Indemnity to their Satisfaction against the Claims of all Persons deriving Title under the Certificate or Coupon so lost or destroyed.

No Notice of any Trust in respect of any Stock Certificate or Coupon issued under this Act shall be receivable by the Bank.

An India Stock Certificate shall entitle the Bearer to the Stock therein described, and shall be transferable by Delivery.

6. The Bearer of an India Stock Certificate may, on Delivery up to the Bank of his Certificate and of all unpaid Coupons belonging thereto, and on Compliance with any Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, require to be registered in the Books of the Bank as a IJolder of the Stock described in the Certificate under which he derives TitTe, and thereupon the Stock shall be re-entered in the Books kept by the Bank for the Entry of transferable Stock, and become transferable, and the Dividends payable, as if no. Certificate had been issued in respect of such Stock.

, 7* No Fees shall be charged on the Grant of a Stock Certificate to Bearer in exchange for a like Certificate, but there shall be charged with respect to the several other Pro* cecdings in relation to Stock authorized by this Act the Fees specified in the Schedule hereto, or such less Fees as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council

All Fees received in pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the " Account of the Secretary of State for India in Council of India"

No Stamp Duty shall be payable in respect of any Certificate or Coupon issued in pursuance of this Act.

- 8. There shall be paid to the Bank of England, by the Secretary of State in Council, on account of the additional Trouble, Expense, and Responsibility, if any, imposed on it by this Act, in addition to the Remuneration otherwise payable to it in respect of the Management of the Indian Debt, such Remuneration as may be agreed upon between the Bonk off England and the said Secretary of State in Council. 1

9. The Bonk of England and the Bank of Ireland, with the Sanction of the Secretary! of State in Council, may from Time to Time issue any Forms that may be required foii carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and also from Time to Time make any Regulations that are not inconsistent with this Act relative to the following Things: i

L The Time for which Coupons are to be given: i. .2. The

26° & 27° VICTORIA. c, 73: 325

2. The Authority under which and the Mode in which the Bank is to act in issuing, India Stock Certificates, or registering in their Books the Holders of such Stock

Certificates, or taking any other Proceedings in relation to India Stock authorized: to be taken under this Act:

3. The Mode of proving the Title of or identifying any Person applying for an India

Stock Certificate, or deriving any Title under a Stock Certificate issued under this Act:

4. With respect to any other Matter necessary to carry this Act into effect:

And any Regulation so made shall be deemed to be Part of this Act in the same Manner as if it were herein enacted.

10, The Income Tax shall be deducted from any Coupons payable under this Act in the Income Tax. same Manner and subject to the same Regulations in and subject to which it may, in pursuance of any Law for the Time being in force, be deducted from the Dividends payable at the Bank in respect of the Stock of Proprietors inscribed in the Books of the Bank:

Provided always, that such Deduction of Income Tax shall be made, although the half-yearly Payment on any Coupon shall not amount to Fifty Shillings, anything in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

U. All Sums due and not demanded on any Coupons issued under this Act shall for all Unclaimed Purposes be dealt with as if they were Dividends due and not demanded in respect of the Dividends. Stock of Proprietors inscribed in the Books of the Bank.

12. When any Certificate of Title issued under this Act in respect of any Share in India Stock is outstanding, the Stock represented thereby shall cease to be transferable in the Books of the Bank.

Save in so far as relates to the Mode of Transfer and Payment of Dividends thereon, any India Stock described in a Stock Certificate issued under this Act shall be deemed to be charged on the same Securities, and to be subject to the same Powers of Redemption and to the same Incidents in all respects, including the Remuneration payable to the Bank, as if it had continued registered in the Books of the Bank as Stock transferable therein.

Shares in India Stock outstanding to cease to be transferable, &c.

13. Whosoever shall forge or alter, or offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, knowing the^ Punishment of same to be forged or altered, any India Stock Certificate or Coupon, or any Documenfj Fowry. purporting to be any India Stock Certificate or Coupon, issued in pursuance of this Act, or shalVdemand or endeavour to obtain or receive any Share or Interest of or in India Stock, or to receive any Dividend or Money payable in respect thereof, by virtue of any such forged or altered Certificate or Coupon, or Document purporting as aforesaid, knowing the same to be forged or altered, with Intent in any of the Cases aforesaid to defraud, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for Life, or for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement. r

14. Whosoever shall falsely and deceitfully personate any Owner of any Share or Interest Punishment of of or in India Stock, or of any India Stock Certificate or Coupon issued in pursuance of Fersonation-this Act, and shall thereby obtain or endeavour to obtain any such India Stock Certificate or Coupon, or receive or endeavour to receive any Money due to any such Owner, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for Life, or for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary; Confinement.

: 15. Whosoever, without lawful Authority or Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lieon^the Punishment of Party focused, shall engrave or make upon any Plate, Wood, Stone, or other. Material any engraving, &c. India Stock Certificate or Coupon purporting to be an India Stock Certificate or Coupon issued or made under and in pursuance of this Act, or to be a blank India Stock Certificate or Coupon issued or made as aforesaid, or to be a Part of such a Stock Certificate or Coupon,

. or

326 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 73, 74.

or shall use any such Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material for the making or printing any such India Stock Certificate or Coupon, or any such blank India Stock Certificate or Coupon, or any Part thereof respectively, or knowingly have in his Custody or Possession any suph Plate, Wood, Stone, or other Material, or shall knowingly offer, utter, dispose of, or put off, or have in his Custody or Possession, any Paper upon which any such blank India Stock Certificate or Coupon, or Part of any such India Stock Certificate or Coupon, shall be made or printed, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years and not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

As to the Signature and Counter-Signature of Documents in the Department of the Secretary of State for India.

16. And whereas it is expedient that there should be Uniformity of Practice in respect of the Signature and Counter-Signature of Documents by the Secretary and Under Secretaries of State and Members of the Council of India Be it enacted, That wherever by reason of the Provisions of any Act of Parliament or otherwise, it is required that any Deeds, Contracts, Bonds, Debentures, Cheques, Drafts, or Orders for Money, or other Documents, shall be signed by any Number of Members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State or One of his Under Secretaries, any such Deed, Contract, Bond, Debenture, Cheque, Draft, or Order for Money, or other Document, may be signed by Two Members of the said Council, and countersigned by the Secretary of State or One of his Under Secretaries, or by his Assistant Under Secretary.

SCHEDULE.

Schedule of Fees.

On the Issue of an India Stock Certificate, a Fee not exceeding Five Shillings on every Hundred Pounds of Stock included in the Certificate.

On the Registration in the Books of the Bank of the Stock included in an India Stock Certificate, a Fee not exceeding Five Shillings.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to declare Gold Coins to be issued from Her Majesty's Branch Mint at Sydney, New South Wales, a legal Tender for Payments; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 5C G. 3. c. 68. c George the Third, Chapter Sixty-eight, intituled An Act to provide for a new Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coins of this Realm, it is c amongst other things provided, that after the Date of the passing of that Act the Gold ' Coin of the Realm should be the only legal Tender for Payments (except the Silver Coin c of the Realm to the Extent of Forty Shillings) within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas by the same Act it is declared that the Gold Coin of the f Realm should hold such Weight and Fineness as are prescribed by an Indenture therein referred to, and made with His Majesty's Master and Worker of the Mint for making ' Gold Monies at His Majesty's Mint in London, and with such Allowance called the c Remedy as is given to the said Master by the said Indenture, which Weight and Fineness ' are by the said Act declared to be the Standard of the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, so far ' as relates to the Gold Coins of the Denominations in use at the Time of the passing of the said Act and specified in the said Indenture: And whereas Gold Coins of the Weight and e Fineness and of the Denominations mentioned in the said Act, and specified in the said

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 74, 75. 327

Indenture, have from the Date of the said Act up to the present Time continued to be i issued from Her Majesty's Mint in London, and to be the only legal Tender for Payments, except as aforesaid, within the United Kingdom: And whereas Her Majesty has by c Proclamation established at Sydney in New South Wales a Branch of the Royal Mint for ' making Gold Coins of the same Weight and Fineness and of the same Denominations as the Gold Coin issued by Her Majesty's Mint in London, and has appointed a Deputy 6 Master of the said Branch Mint; and it is expedient that Power should be given to Her Majesty to make the Gold Coin so issued by Her Majesty's Mint at Sydney a legal Tender ' for Payments in the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Proclamation issued with the Advice of Her Power to Her Privy Council, to declare that, after a Date specified in such Proclamation, Gold Coins made

at the said Branch Mint, of Designs approved by Her Majesty, at Sydney aforesaid, and coins made at being of the same Weight and Fineness as are required by Law with respect to Gold Coins the Branch of the same Denominations made at Her Majesty's Mint in London, are to be a legal Tender ^Tender for Payments within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and upon such in the United Proclamation being issued. Gold Coins made of such Designs, and being of such Weight and Kingdom. Fineness as aforesaid, shall be a legal Tender for Payments accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Proclamation issued with such Advice as Power to Her aforesaid, from Time to Time to impose on the Coinage of Gold at the said Branch Mint Majesty to at Sydney a Charge sufficient to defray the Expenses of Coinage, over and above the ch^on Expenses of assay and refining; and it shall be incumbent on the said Deputy Master to coining Gold, coin Gold at the Charge so imposed.

[Short Title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Sydney Branch Mint Act, 1863/'

25 & 26 Vict c. 93.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the Embankment of Part of the River Thames, on the South Side thereof, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and for other Purposes.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by The Thames Embankment Act, 1862, herein-after called the

i " Embankment Act of 1862, the Metropolitan Board of Works, herein-after called the Board, were authorized to make (among other things) an Embankment on the Left Bmnk 6 of the Thames, from Westminster Bridge to the Eastern Boundary of the Inner Temple,

with a public Roadway thereon:

(And whereas by The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861, a Fund, 24 & 25 Vict.

called the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund, was established out © 42.

of the Proceeds of certain Local Coal and Wine Duties thereby to be continued until the

4 Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and was thereby ' directed to be applied to the Improvement of the Metropolis, in such Manner as might

thereafter be determined by Parliament:

And whereas by the Embankment Act of 1862 the Expenses of the Undertaking by 25 & 26 Vict. that Act authorized were charged upon the said Improvement Fund, subject to certain c* 93* prior Charges thereon:

And whereas another Bill has been introduced into Parliament in the present Session, to provide a convenient Communication for Traffic in connexion with the Embankment on the Left Bank, by making a new Street from Blackfriars to the Mansion House, and charging the said Improvement Fund with the Expenses of that Undertaking:

i And

320 26" & 27f:VICTC)RI3; , c. 75.

And whereas it is expedient that the Board should also be authorized to make an ' Embankment on Part of the Right Bank of the Thames in the Parish of Saint Mary ' Lambeth, with a public Roadway or public Footway thereon, and new Streets ot c Approaches communicating with such Roadway; and it is expedient that, subject to and ' after paying for all the Expenses of completing the Undertakings authorized by thfe ' Embankment Act of 1862, and by the said Bill for a new Street, the Expenses of the f said intended Embankment on the Right Bank, and the Works connected therewith, ' should likewise be charged on the said Improvement Fund:

26 & 27 Vict. And whereas a Bill has been introduced into Parliament in the present Session c# 46* ' with the Short Title of The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1868,

whereby (among other things) the Duties constituting the said Improvement Fund are ' proposed to be continued for a further Period of Ten Years from the Fifth Day of July ' One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and to be carried over to the same Fund: e And whereas the Objects of the present Act cannot be effected without the Authority ' of Parliament:

And whereas Plans and Sections of the intended Embankment, new Streets, and ' Approaches, showing the proposed Situation, Lines, and Levels thereof, and the Lands ' intended to be or which may be taken for the Purposes thereof, and a Book of

Reference to the same Plans, containing the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners,

Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the same Lands, have been deposited at ' the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and the same are herein-after referred to as the deposited Plans, Sections, and Book of Reference

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Works.

Tower to make L The Board may, in the Situations and Lines, and according to the Levels, and within Works accord- the Limits of Deviation, and on the Lands, defined in the deposited Plans, Sections, and PlansdepOS tCd Book of Reference, make and execute the Embankment and Works herein-after described; namely, —

Works autho- (1.) An Enlargement of the Bed of the River Thames, by an Excavation of the Land, nzed* and Removal of the Wharf Walls and Premises from or near Gunhouse Alley neat

to the London Gt as works to or near Broad Street, all in the Parish of Saint Mcny Lambeth: 1 -J

(2.) An Embankment on the Right Bank of the Thames in the Parish of Saint Marty Lambeth, commencing at or near Gunhouse Alley, and ending at Westminster Bridge: w

(3.) A new Street, to be wholly situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, iron* Palace Neiv Road to Bishop's Walk: .

(4.) The widening of Palace New Road within the Limits of Deviation in continuation of such last-mentioned Street:

(5.) A new Street, to be wholly situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, commencing in and out of the Roadway on the before-mentioned intended Embankment, and terminating at or near Vauxhall Row: t

(6.) The reclaiming or inclosing of a Portion of the Bed# or Foreshore of the River Thames. ,; j

Public Foot- 2. The Board shall lay out and maintain a public Footway of not less than Twenty Feet the *n Width on and along the said Embankment from Westminster Bridge to the PointTwlfere m art nt' the intended Street to Vauxhall Row diverges from the Embankment Roadway.

Auxiliary 3. In and for the Purpose of making and executing the Embankment and Works aforc-

Works. said, the Board may inclose and fill up the Shore and Bed of the Thames to the Extent

defined on the deposited Plans, and also any such further Parts thereof as may be required by the Board for constructing any Barge Beds, Recesses, Stairs, Piers, Landing Places,

., y rHards,

26° & 27° VICTORIA£, c. 75.

329

Hards, or other Works under the Powers of this Act, and also may remove, destroy, alter, divert, stop up, inclose, use, or appropriate all or any Part of any Street, Square, Place,

Court, Alley, or Passage, whether a Thoroughfare or not, or of any Thoroughfare, Road,

Lane, or Way, or of any Stream, Drain, Sewer, Watercourse, void Ground, Wharf, Jetty,

Quay, Barge Bed, Stair, Pier, Landing Place, Hard, Mooring Post or Ring, Post, Pile, or other Property which in the Judgment of the Board is necessary to be so dealt with for the Purposes of this Act, the Board providing a proper Substitute before interrupting the Flow of Sewage in any Drain or Sewer, making Compensation to all Persons having any Interest in any Wharves, Jetties, or other Property taken for or injuriously affected by such Works, or other the Exercise of the Powers of this Act.

4. For the Purpose of diminishing so far as practicable Inconvenience to the Wharfingers, Power to Warehousemen, and others having Wharfs or Premises on the Line of the Embankment, or having Rights of Way, Easements, or other Access to the River, the Board may construct, ^deBw-gJ0' or provide, and afterwards maintain, alter, or improve, all such Barge Beds, Receptacles, Beds, &c. Recesses, Cuts, and Basins, and all such other Conveniences for loading and unloading

Goods from Barges, Lighters, and Boats, with Entrances or Passages or Means of Access to and from the Thames under the Embankment, and all such Slips, Hards, Landing-places,

Jetties, Wharves, Yards, Approaches, and other Conveniences and Works connected therewith as the Board may think proper, for the Accommodation and Use of Wharfingers, Warehousemen, and other Persons carrying on Trade or Business in the Neighbourhood of the Embankment, and may set apart and appropriate for the Purposes of the present Section any Land acquired or reclaimed by the Board under this Act, and may enter into and carry into effect such Agreements as the Board thinks fit with any Wharfingers, Warehousemen, and other Persons with reference to the Construction, providing, Maintenance, Alteration, Improvement, or Use of any such Work or Convenience as aforesaid.

5. In carrying the Works and Improvements by this Act authorized into execution, the Power to Board may deviate to any Extent not exceeding Twelve Feet from the Levels defined on deviate* the deposited Sections, and may deviate from the Line of any of the Works authorized by

this Act within the Limits of Deviation defined on the deposited Plans, but not beyond such Limits without the Consent of the Person or Body through whose Lands any such Deviation is made, nor carry the Line of the Embankment Wall, as defined on the deposited Plans, further into the Stream of the Thames than Fifteen Feet, without the Consent of the Conservators of the Thames, signified in Writing under the Hand of their Secretary:

Provided always, that the Board shall not be authorized, under the Powers of this Act, to take any of the Lands and Buildings situate between New Bridge Street, High Street, the River Thames, and Lacks Dock9 and the Approach to such Dock from High Street, although such Lands and Buildings are delineated on the deposited Plans.

6. The Board shall not be authorized, without the Consent of the Lambeth Bridge Com- For the Pro-pany, to lower the Level of any Part of Lambeth Bridge, or the Approaches thereto within

One hundred Feet of the Bridge, or to raise such Level to a greater Extent than is shown Bridge, on the deposited Sections, and any Works to be executed under the Authority of this Act, which may in any way affect the Structure of the said Bridge, shall not be carried into effect without the Approval of the Engineer for the Time being of the said Bridge, and such Works shall be executed so that One Footway and Half the Carriageway of the said Bridge and Approaches as aforesaid shall always be open for Traffic, and be in a fit State for Traffic to pass over; and in case the Level of the said Bridge and Approaches shall be raised by the Board at the Toll House thereof on the Lambeth Side, the Board shall raise, and if necessary rebuild, the said Toll House, so as to be on the Level of the raised Footway.

7. In case the Board shall commence any Works for raising the Level of Lambeth Bridge Lambeth

and the Approaches thereto, being within One hundred Feet of the said Bridge, and shall Bridse Com' not complete the same within One Month after commencing the same, it shall be lawful for Defe^df 0^ the Lambeth Bridge Company to restore the said Bridge and such Approaches to the State Board cotiptete p\ie same were in before such Works were commenced, and the Costs of such Restoration certain Works, shall tj>e repaid lpy the Boafd to the said Company., t

36 & 27 Vict.

Tt

8. The

330 26" & 27" VICTORIA, c. 75.

As to the 8. The Board shall provide for the Maintenance of the existing Draw Docks at Broad

Maintenance of Street and Ferry Street, and shall construct all necessary Beds and Hards for Barges to lie ihJckTat Broad uPonJ together with all Approaches and Ways, by which Carts and Carriages may be brought Street and alongside for loading and unloading, the same to be at such a Level as will enable the Ferry street. Approaches from Broad Street and Ferry Street to be constructed at a Gradient not steeper than One Foot in Twenty Feet, and the said Beds, Hards, and Approaches shall be maintained by the said Board, and be subject to such Byelaws and Regulations as they may from Time to Time make.

9. There shall be incorporated with this Act Sections Sixteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-one, and Twenty-two of the Embankment Act of 1862 (relating to the raising of Materials from the Bed of the Thames, and to the Approval of Plans and Elevations by the Conservators, and to the Exhibition of Lights during the Construction of the Works, and to the Substitution of Piers and other Conveniences, and to the Maintenance and Repair of the Embankment, and to Matters connected therewith respectively); and for this Purpose the respective Terms " this Act " and " the said Embankment," and Terms of Reference thereto respectively, used in any of the Sections last enumerated, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act and the Embankment by the present Act authorised.

10. The Board may take on Lease or agree for the Use and Occupation of proper Places on any Part of the South Bank of the Thames between Westminster Bridge and Vauxhall Bridge, or within Five hundred Yards of the Site of the Embankment by this Act authorized, for the Purpose of depositing and working Stone, Iron, Timber, and other Materials for constructing and completing the said Embankment and Roadway.

U. No Works, other than those necessary for the Completion of the Works expressly to be approved authorized by this Act, upon the Bed or Shore of the Thames below High-water Mark, Boanl^Trade. may a"ect the Navigation of that River, shall at any Time be commenced or executed,

0 under the Provisions of this Act, without the same having been previously approved of by the Board of Trade, such Approval to be from Time to Time signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary to the Board of Trade.

Alteration of 12. The Board may, for the Purpose of making any Work by this Act authorized, raise, Position of sink, or otherwise alter the Position of any Watercourse, Water Pipe, or Gas Pipe belonging Pipesnd Other or connected with any House or Building adjoining or near to such Work, and also any Main or other Pipe laid down or used by any Company for carrying a Supply of Water or Gas, and also any Pipe, Tube, Wire, or Apparatus laid down for Telegraphic or other Purposes, and may remove any other Obstruction, causing as little Detriment and Inconvenience as Circumstances admit to any Company, Person, or Body, and making reasonable Compensation to any Company, Person, or Body who suffers Damage by any such Alteration: Provided always, that before the Board alter the Position of any Main or other Pipe laid down or used by any such Company or Body, they shall give to the Company or Body to whom the same belongs Notice of their Intention to do so, specifying the Time at which they will begin to do so, such Notice to be given Twenty-four Hours at least before the Commencement of the Work for effecting such Alteration, and such Work shall be done under the Superintendence of the Company or Body to whom such Pipe belongs, unless such Company or Body refuses or neglects to give such Superintendence at the Time specified in the Notice for the Commencement of the Work, or discontinues the same during the Work; and the Board shall execute such Work to the reasonable Satisfaction of such Body: Provided also, that the Board shall not cause any Street or Road to be lowered or raised, or the Position of any Water or Gas Pipes to be altered, so as to leave over such Pipes in any Part a Covering of less than Eighteen Inches (unless the Board shall in such Case protect the same Pipes from Frost or Injury by artificial Covering to the Satisfaction of the Engineer of such Company or Body), or more than Six Feet, unless a Referee, to be appointed by the Board of Trade on the Application of either Party in case of Dispute, shall consider that the Pipe should be carried to a greater Depth for the Purpose of avoiding Interference with the Works to be executed under this Act, and in such Case the Pipe shall be altered in such Manner, and such Works shall be made at the Expense of the Board, in such Manner, as the Referee may prescribe.

13, The

Sections 16, 19, 20, 21, & 22 of

25 & 2G Vict c. 93. incorporated.

Board empowered to take Places for depositing Materials.

Other Works

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 75. 381

18. The Board may cause such Parts of the Roadway, inclosed Ground, and Streets *° 8et aforesaid respectively to be laid out for Carriageways, and such Part thereof for Foot- out ways, as they think proper.

14. When the Roadway, new Streets, and Approaches aforesaid respectively are com- Ground laid pleted, of which Completion a Certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board, and g^*ts t*> form delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, shall be for all Purposes part thereof, conclusive Evidence, all the Ground laid open into the same respectively shall be deemed to form Part thereof respectively, and may be used by the Public accordingly; and Streets to be thenceforth the same Roadway, new Streets, and Approaches, with the sole Power, ^etr0^anage' Authority, and Duty of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, varies, &c. and of rating Hereditaments within the same respectively, shall be under the Care, Management, Control, and Jurisdiction of the same Vestries, Board, District Boards, Commissioners, or Persons as the other Streets in the Parishes, Districts, or Places in which the same respectively are situate.

Lands.

15. The Board may enter upon, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act any of the Power of Lands defined in the deposited Plans and Book of Reference; and the Lands Clauses to take Consolidation Act, 1845, with the Exception of Sections Thirty-four and Ninety-two (relating to the Costs of Arbitrations, and to the taking of Parts of Buildings, and to Matters connected therewith respectively), and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Act.

10. The Board shall not be authorized by this Act to purchase the Lands of the Lambeth Not to take any Bridge Company on which any Part of the Lambeth Bridge has been constructed.

17. There shall be incorporated with this Act Sections Twenty-three, Twenty-four, and Sections 23, 24, Forty of the Embankment Act of 1862 (relating to the taking of Parts of Lands, and to vict

the Correction of any Errors in the Book of Reference, and to the Costs of Arbitrations, c 93 inc0rpo-and to Matters connected therewith respectively); and for this Purpose the Term " this rated.

Act," and Terms of Reference thereto, used in any of the Sections last enumerated, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act; and the said Section Twenty-four shall be read as if the Word " Surrey" were therein substituted for the Word t(Middlesex"

18. The Board may purchase any Easement which they may require to extinguish for Purchase and the Purposes of this Act 5 and for the Purposes of every such Purchase the Term " Lands " ^ent^of Easc-in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall be deemed to include Easements. ments.

19. Until the Completion of the Works the deposited Plans, Sections, and Book of Custody of Reference shall remain in the Office in which they are deposited; and all Persons may at all ^P081^?1^8* reasonable Times inspect the same at their Pleasure, paying One Shilling for each Inspection.

20. The Powers of the Board for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Seven Years from the passing of this Act. Purchases

limited.

21. There shall be incorporated with this Act Section Twenty-seven and Sections Sections 27, 32 Thirty-two to Thirty-four (both inclusive), and Section Thirty-seven of the Embankment to 34, and 37 Act of 1862 (relating to Appropriation by the Board in respect of Loss of River Frontage, of ^n26 Vi and to Leases and Sales by the Board, and to the Application of Money arising therefrom, ^ted.incorpo" and to Matters connected therewith respectively); and for this Purpose the Term " this Act," and Words of Reference thereto, used in any of the Sections last enumerated, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act; and the said Section Twenty-seven shall be read as if the Words " Right Bank " were therein substituted for the Words " Left Bank."

22. For enabling the Board to obtain an effectual Assurance of such Lands defined in Enabling the the deposited Plans and Book of Reference, being Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy Q^agg0£f of Cornwall as are required for the Works authorized by this Act, or which the Board may Lands £nd be required to purchase, — the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, or any Three or more Hereditaments of the Council (if any) of the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, or of the Special on Part of

m

the Duchy of Cornwall *

Mode of ascertaining Value of Interest of Crown and Thames Con- -servators in certain Lands.

. t; /

Saving Rights of the Crown.

Saving, Righto of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works.

26? & 2^ VICTORIA <s. 75.

Commissioners or other Persons for the Time being having the general Superintendence and Management of the Revenues and Affairs of the said Duchy may, as Ocoasion requires, by Deed, under the Privy Seal of the Duke of Cornwall while the said Duchy is held separately from the Crown, and under the Hands and Seals of such Three or, more Commissioners or other Persons while the same is not held separately from the Crown (such Deed to be enrolled by the Keeper for the Time being of the Records of the said Duchy), exercise the like Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement as were vested in the Council of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall by the Act of the Session of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty," to enable the Council of " His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales to sell and exchange Lands and " enfranchise Copyholds, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duehy of Corjitohil, to purchase " other Lands, and for other Purposes and the Proceeds of any Sale or Enfranchisement made in pursuance of this present Provision shall from Time to Time be invested and dealt with in like Manner as by that Act is authorized or directed with respect to the Proceeds of Sales and Enfranchisements made under that Act. i

23. An Estimate shall be made of the Amount of any Diminution in Value which may

be caused by the Works by this Act authorized (except of so much thereof, if any, as will be situate on the Portions of the Bed or Foreshore of the River Thames which were reserved to Her Majesty under the Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, for which excepted Parts other Provision is made by this Act,) in the Rights and Interests of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, and of the Conservators of the River Thames under the Thames Conservancy Act, 1857, and the Amount of such Estimate shall be paid by the Board to the Conservators, to be applied by them according to the Provisions of the One hundre^ and fourth Section of the same Act by way of Compensation for the Rights and Interests aforesaid, and the said Estimate shall be'made by Two Arbitrators or thjeir Umpire in manner following; namely. One such Arbitrator shall be appointed by the Board, and the other by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them, within One Month after the passing of this Act; and such Arbitrators shall, before they commence their Duty, appoint an Umpire in Writing, and if within Twenty-one Days after both Arbitrators have been appointed, they shall omit or refuse to appoint an Umpire as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to appoint an Umpire, which Appointment shall be valid whether the Arbitrators haYe'then commenced their Duty or not^ mid if either Party shall neglect or reftase to appoint ait Arbitrator as aforesaid, the Arbitrator appointed by the other Party shall act alone, add the Decisioa of uoh Arbitrators or Arbitrator or Umpire, os the Case may be, jfihall bd final, and/all the Costs and Expenses of the Valuation to be incurred by either Party shall be borne and paid by the Roard.

24. Nothing contained in this Act or in any of the Acts herein referred to shall authorize the Board to take, use, or in any Manner interfere with any Foreshore or other Land, Soil, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Rights of whatsoever Nature, belonging to or enjoyed or exerrfseable by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown, 1 'without thb Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woodsy Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them, on behalf of Her Majesty first had and obtained for that Purpose (which Consent such Commissioners aro hereby respectively authorized to give), neither shall anything in the said Act or Acts contained divest* take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any Estate, Right, Privilege, Power, or Authority tested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen's Majesty, Hdr Heirs or Successors.

25* Nothing in this Act shall extend to authorize the Board to take, tide, or irf toy Manner interfere with any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to or in tHd Occupation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings without the Consent in Writing of the First Commissioner for the Time being of Het Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for that Purpose first had and obtained, which Con^nt $uch First Commissioner is hereby authorized to give, upon and subject to such' Term^ and Conditions ad may appear to liim fit and proper. n

Money.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, <s.75;

: Money.

26. In the Manner and subject to the Provisions and on the Security in and subject to and on which the Bpard are authorized to borrow Money by the Embankment Act of 1862, but subject to the Charges thereby and by the Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863, created or authorized to be created, the Board may borrow Money to the Extent of Four hundred and eighty thousand Pounds; and the Board shall apply all Money borrowed in pursuance of this Act for the Purposes of the Undertaking authorized by this Act.

27. All Sums of Money raised or to be raised upon the Security of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund, under the Provisions of the Embankment Act of 1862, and the Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863, shall have Priority oVer any Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

28. Any Lands or Property acquired by the Board under this Act may be made Security for any Money borrowed in pursuance of this Act, either together with the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund or separately, as may be agreed on between the Board and any Person or Body lending Money in pursuance of this Act.

29. Subject to the Provisions of the Embankment Act of 1862 and of the Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863, and of this Act, and to the Provision herein-after contained for Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incidental and preliminary to the obtaining of this Act or incurred by the Board in relation thereto, all Money becomnig Part of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund after the passing of this Act shall be paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to the Board as the Board may by Writing under their Seal require, and shall, after paying off the Charges on such Fpnd created or to be created under the Authority of the Embankment Act of 1862 and the Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863, be applied by the Board as follows: —

First, in satisfying all Charges on the said Improvement Fund created under this Act:

Secondly, in paying the Expenses from Time to Time incurred in respect of the Undertaking authorized by this Act:

Lastly, in the Improvement of the Metropolis in such Manner as may hereafter be determined by Parliament *

80. In order to enable the Board to obtain more readily Advances of M&ney for Ac Purposes of this Act, the Board may charge as collateral Security the Rates and Sums of Money which the Board are authorized to raise under the Provisions of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, and if and when Jt shall be necessary to pay out of those Rates and Sums of Money any Monies in respect of the Money borrowed upon such Security, the same shall be deemed Part of the Expenses of the Board to be defrayed, assessed, and raised as in the last-mentioned Act provided, and may be defrayed, assessed, and raised accordingly.

i 31. Separate Accounts shall be kept of all Monies advanced for the Purposes of this Act by the Board out of Money raised under the Provisions of the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862, And all such Sums of Money shall be repaid to the Board out of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund after the Charges oreated or to be created under the Provisions of the Embankment Act of 1862 and the Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863, ih&U have been satisfied.

Miscellaneous.

32. The Amount and Application of any Compensation payable by the Board in any Case under this Act shall be determined in the Manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for Determination of the Amount and Application of Compeii- sotion for Ldhds taken under that Act.

i, - f i v

. 33.' % re shall be incorporated with this Act Sections Forty-eight to Fifty-two, (both inclusive) of the Embankment Act of 1862, (relating tp Liability.of Owners of Vessels and others^and to the Application of Penalties, and to Actions, and to Matters connected a U. therewith

m

Power to Board to borrow for Purposes of this Act.

Priority of Charges over Monies raised for Purposes of this Act.

Lands taken under this Act may be given as Security.

Appropriation of Residue of Improvement Fund, after providing for Cost of Left Bank Embankment, and of new Street from Blackfriars to Mansion House.

Power to Board lo give their general Fund as collateral Security.

Separate Accounts and Repayment of Advances out of Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund.

Determination in case of disputed Compensation.

Sections 48 to 52 of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93. incorporated.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 75, 76.

therewith respectively); and for this Purpose the respective Terms " this Act99 and " the said Embankment," and* Terms of Reference thereto respectively, used in any of the Sections last enumerated, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act and the Embankment by the present Act authorized.

34. The Board shall have and may exercise, for and in the Execution of this Act, all such Powers, Privileges, and Authorities as arc conferred on the Board by the Acts oonsti-S Board. °WP" tuting and regulating the Board (save that the Board shall not, except as herein provided, apply any Money raised under those Acts in or towards the Construction or Execution of any Work authorized by this Act), and as far as may be, the Provisions of those Acts shall extend and apply for the Purposes and in the Execution of this Act; and there shall be incorporated with this Act Section Seven of the Embankment Act of 1862 (relating to a Committee of the Board); and for this Plumose the Term " this Act," and Words of Reference thereto, used in the last-mentioned Section, shall be taken to mean or refer to the present Act.

Saving Right# 35. Except as herein expressly provided, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or vatore of thT* construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Rights of the Conservators of the

Thames. ° River Thames or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which at the Time of the passing of this Act the said Conservators did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

Extension to this Act of

Saving for Rights of Duchy of Cornwall.

36. Nothing in this Act shall extend to authorize the Board to take, use, enter upon, or interfere with any Land, Soil, or Water, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, except so far as the Board shall have previously become entitled under a Purchase or Enfranchisement, pursuant to the special Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement hereinbefore contained, or to affect any Property, Right, Profit, Privilege, Power, or Authority vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in respect of the said Duchy, or in or by the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being, except so far as the same may be affected by or by reason of any such Purchase or Enfranchisement.

Saving for 37. Except as herein is specially provided, nothing in this Act shall affect any of the

Sraon^of11" Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities by Law vested in the Commissioners of Her Works, &c. Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in respect of Westminster Bridge, or in the Lambeth Bridge Company, or in the Vauxhall Bridge Company.

[Short Title.]

38. This Act may be cited as The Thames Embankment Act, 1863.

Expenses of 39. All the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incidental and preliminary to the

Act obtaining of this Act, or incurred by the Board in relation thereto, shall be paid out of, the

Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall apply such Sums as may be necessary for this Purpose accordingly.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to determine the Time at which Letters Patent shall take effect in the Colonies.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS Her Majesty hath from Time to Time caused to be made under the f Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland divers Letters

Patent intended to take effect within Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the

Seas: And whereas Doubts are entertained respecting the Period at which such Letters

Patent have taken or may hereafter take effect within such Colonies and Possessions, and

it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and

336

20° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 76, 77.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L No such Letters Patent heretofore made shall (unless otherwise provided therein or by other lawful Authority) be deemed to have taken or shall take effect in any such Colony or Possession as aforesaid until the same were or shall be publicly made known or acted upon therein: Provided that any Act or Thing heretofore done or purporting to have been done in pursuance or under Authority of such Letters Patent shall be as valid and effectual as if the same Letters Patent had taken effect at the Date of the making thereof.

2. No such Letters Patent hereafter to be made shall (unless otherwise provided therein or by other lawful Authority) take effect in any such Colony or Possession until the making of the same shall have been signified therein by Proclamation or other public Notice.

3. Any such Letters Patent by which any Person may be hereafter appointed to any Office or Employment within any of such Colonies or Possessions shall (unless otherwise provided therein or by other lawful Authority) become null and void in respect of such Colony, unless the same shall be so signified as aforesaid within the following Period; that is to say, within Nine Calendar Months in case such Colony or Possession shall be to the Eastward of Bengal in the East Indies, or to the West of Cape Horn in South America, or in any other Case within Six Months after the making thereof.

4. The Act, Chapter Ninety-one, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to continue certain Patent Commissions until the Exhibition of the Commissions revoking them, is hereby repealed.

5. This Act shall take effect in each of Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions so soon as the some shall be proclaimed therein by the Officer administering the Government thereof.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Jurisdiction of Justices residing or being out of the County for which they are Justices.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Sixth Section of an Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, (which Act is herein-after referred to as the Principal Act,) it is enacted, that such of the Provisions contained in the Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, Chapter Forty-two, and intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Persons charged with indictable Offences, whereby a Justice of the Peace for One County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place may act for the same whilst residing or being in an adjoining County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place of which he is also a Justice of the Peace, or whereby a Justice of the Peace for any County at large. Riding, Division, or Liberty may act as such within any City, Town, or Precinct next adjoining thereto or surrounded thereby, being a County of itself, or otherwise having exclusive Jurisdiction, as are applicable to the Provisions of the Principal Act, shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Principal Act, and to extend to all Acts required of or to be performed by Justices of the Peace under or by virtue of the Principal Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Provisions and Enactments were repeated and made Parts of that Act: And whereas by the Thirty-fifth Section of the Principal Act it is provided that nothing in that Act contained shall extend to certain Cases therein mentioned: And whereas it is ' ' apprehended

Letters Patent not to take effect in Colonies till published, &c., but Acts done under them valid.

Future Letters Patent not to to take effect in Colony till Publication.

Appointments by Letters Patent to be void unless published within Six or Nine Months.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 91. repealed.

Period of Act coming into operation.

11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 42.

Amendment of Sections 6. and 35. of

11 & 12 Vict.

C. 43.

7 G. 4* c. 142.

10 G. 4. c. 59.

9 G. 4. c. 64.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 77, 78.

apprehended that the Provisions of the said Sixth Section of the Principal Act are con-f trolled by the Thirty-fifth Section of the same Act, and that Justices cannot act under ' the first-mentioned of the said Two Sections in the Cases mentioned in the said Thirty-f fifth Section: And whereas it is expedient that the Principal Act should be amended as ' herein-after provided:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Thirty-fifth Section of the Principal Act shall not apply to or control the Sixth Section of the same Act; and such last-mentioned Section shall be construed as if the Thirty-fifth Section were not and never had been contained in the Principal Act; and any Acts done or Orders made by Justices previously to the passing of this Act which would have been valid if this Act had been passed at the respective Dates of such Acts being done or Orders made shall be and are hereby declared to be valid accordingly.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Seventh Year of George the Fourth, Chapter One

s hundred and forty-two, intituled An Act for consolidating the Trusts of the several

4 Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames, (in this Act called "the Act of 1826, ") the several Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames which are specified in the First Schedule to the reciting Act annexed were placed under the Care and Superintendence of the Commissioners of the Metropolis Turnpike Roads North of the Thames (in this Act called " the Commissioners"), 4 who were thereby appointed Commissioners for making, amending, widening, improving, repairing and keeping in repair, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering those Roads: And whereas under the Act of the Tenth Year of George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-nine, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis North of the River Thames; and to make and maintain Two new or Branch Roads to communicate with the said Metropolis Roads, (in this Act called t(the Act of 1829, ") the Parts specified in Section 7 of the reciting Act of the Roads specified in the First Schedule to the Act of 1826 annexed ceased to be maintainable by the Commissioners, and became Common Highways maintainable by the Parishes in which the same are respectively situate: And whereas by the Act of 1829 Provision was made (Section 15) for the Appropriation between the Vestry of the Parish of Paddington and the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone and the Commissioners of the Rents and Profits of Lyoris Estates, which (as was recited in the Act of 1826, Section 29,) were applicable for repairing and amending the Highway from the Town of Harrow-upon-the-Hill into the City of ' London, and the Common Highway from the Town of Edgeware in the County of Middlesex and the City of London respectively; and Provision was made (Section 16) for the Appropriation between the Vestry of the Parish of Paddington and the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Marylebone and the Commissioners of the Rents and Profits of Harvisfs Estate, which (as was recited in that Section) were applicable for the repairing and amending of the Highway between Tyburn and Edgeware in the County of Middlesex: And whereas by the Act of the Ninth Year of George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, intituled An Act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Two Acts for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from thence to Pall Mall, and to amend the said Acts, Provision was made with respect to Parts of the Roads specified in the First Schedule to the Act of 1826 annexed: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter

9 One

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78. 337

One hundred and forty-three, intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, regu- 8 & 9 Vict lating, and improving the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea (exclusive of the District of Hans c* cxliii *

Town) in the County of Middlesex, further Provision was made with respect to Parts of the Hoads specified in the First Schedule to the Act of 1826 annexed: And whereas by

8 " The New North Road Act, 1849," Provision was made for the Management by the i2&i3 Vict 8 Commissioners of the New North Road from Highbury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers c'lxvi *

8 Walk, Shoreditch, but the Term of that Act has ceased: And whereas by 88 The Mary- 13 & u Vict.

8 lebone and Finchley Turnpike Roads Extension Act, 1850," the Management of the c. xxxii.

8 Marylebone and Finchley Turnpike Roads was transferred to the Commissioners, but those 8 Roads are maintained by the Parishes in which they lie: And whereas by 88 The

8 Metropolis Roads (Harvisfs Estate) Act, 1855," Harvisfs Estate was vested in the

8 Commissioners, and Provision was made for the Appropriation, in accordance with the 8 Act of 1829, of the Rents and Profits of Harvisf s Estate, and of the Dividends of the 8 Trust Stock referred to in the reciting Act, or the Rents and Profits of the Lands 8 purchased with the Proceeds of the Trust Stock: And whereas it is expedient that the 8 several Roads now maintained by the Commissioners situate in the several Parishes speci-8 fied in the First Column of the First Schedule to this Act annexed (being Parts of the 8 Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners) should, with the Exception of the Portions 8 of Roads specified in the Second Column of that Schedule, cease to be maintainable by 8 the Commissioners, and should be Common Highways and maintainable accordingly, and that some of the Provisions of the Acts of 1826 and 1829 respectively should be

8 amended:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

1. The Acts of 1826 and 1829 and this Act respectively may for all Purposes be cited Short Titles, as follows; (that is to say,)

The Act of 1826 (of the Seventh Year of George the Fourth, Chapter 142,) as 88 Metropolis Roads Act, 1826":

The Act of 1829 (of the Tenth Year of George the Fourth, Chapter 59,) as 88 Metropolis Roads Act, 1829 ":

This Act as 88 Metropolis Roads Act, 1863."

2. In the Case of any Vacancy which has already occurred, and if and when any Vacancy Supply of shall hereafter occur, in the Number of the Commissioners from Time to Time appointed by Vacancies in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in pursuance of the Act of 1826, the Com- ommi8Slon-niissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as in the Case of an original Appointment in pursuance of the Act of 1826, may appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply the Vacancy, and every Commissioner so from Time to Time appointed shall to all Intents be deemed to be appointed in pursuance of the Act of 1826.

3. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four such After 1st July of the Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners as are situate in the several Parishes p^fg^a^8 which are specified in the First Column of the First Schedule to this Act annexed (except

only such Portions of those Roads as are specified in the Second Column of that Schedule) Schedule to shall cease to be maintained, repaired, lighted, watched, or watered by the Commissioners, ^tatoedb and to be subject to the Superintendence and Management of the Commissioners, and to be Commission-Turnpike Roads, and shall be Common Highways; and the Roads so made Common High- era; ways are in this Act referred to as 88 the Parish Highways": Provided, that if and whenever the Commissioners erect or maintain any Turnpike Gate or Bar (not being a Side Gate or Side Bar) across any Road now maintainable by the Commissioners, they shall continue to maintain and repair as heretofore One Quarter of a Mile in Length of the Main Road on the City of London Side of the Turnpike Gate or Bar, and notwithstanding that any Part of that Length of the Main Road be within any Parish which but for this Provision would under this Act be bound to maintain and repair the same; and provided further, that the Commissioners shall, lip to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, continue to maintain and repair in every respect as heretofore all the Roads which are now maintained and repaired by them.

, 26 & 27 Vict. U u 4. On

338

and afterwards shall be maintained by the Parishes in which they lie.

Apportionment between Two . Parishes of Portions of Parish Highways in both Parishes, as in Second Schedule.

Inhabitants of Houses near to Parish Highways not to be assessed under the Act of 1826.

Toll Houses, &c. to be removed, with Option to Parishes to purchase Pumps, &c.

Provisions of other Acts relating to Parish Highways continued.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

4. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four so much of the Parish Highways as lies within any Parish specified in the First Column of the First Schedule to this Act annexed shall be maintained, repaired, watched, lighted, watered, and dealt with in all respects as Part of the Common Highways within that Parish, under and subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts from Time to Time in force within that Parish applicable to Highways, Streets, Footpaths, and Footways, and under and subject to the Metropolis Local Management Acts, and all Quitrents and other Outgoings payable in respect thereof shall be paid accordingly as Part of the Expenses of maintaining the same.

5. ' Whereas the several Portions which are specified in the First Column of the Second ' Schedule to this Act annexed of the Parish Highways are partly in each of Two Parishes ' as is in that Schedule expressed, the Boundary Line between the Two Parishes running in ' most Cases along or nearly along the Centre of the Portion of Parish Highway, and it is expedient that special Provision be made in that Behalf: ' Therefore the several Portions of the Parish Highways which are specified in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed shall, for the Purposes of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering of the same, be deemed to be situate in the several Parishes in that Behalf specified in that Schedule, and not in any other Parish: Provided, that this Enactment shall not alter or affect the Boundaries of any of those Parishes, or any Jurisdiction as to the Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments abutting on those Portions of the Parish Highways, or the Parochial or other Rates or Assessments thereon, or vary any Jurisdiction as to the Footways of the said Highway; and provided further, that no Alteration whatsoever shall be made in the Level of the Channels of the said Highways or any Portion thereof without the mutual Consent of the Vestries or District Boards of the said Two Parishes for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained.

6. After the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive no Rate or Assessment shall be made under Section 101 of the Act of 1826 on any Person by reason only of his inhabiting, holding, using, possessing, occupying, or enjoying any House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Ground near to any of the Parish Highways, but in all other respects the Powers of rating given by the Act of 1826, and all Provisions relating thereto, which if this Act were not passed would be in force, shall respectively continue in full Force.

7. In the Month of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Commissioners shall remove all Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, Side Gates, Bars, Pumps, Stand Posts, Water Meters, Troughs, and other Conveniences then belonging to the Commissioners, and being on or by the Side of the Parish Highways, and shall sell and dispose of the same, or the Materials thereof, and shall apply the net Monies arising from the Sale to the general Purposes of the Commissioners under the Acts of 1826 and 1829 and this Act respectively: Provided, that if before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Vestry or District Board within whose Parish or any of whose Parishes any such Pump, Stand Post, Water Meter, Trough, or other Convenience is then situate shall, by Notice in Writing to the Commissioners, elect to purchase the same, or any of them, they may do so at a Price agreed on between the Vestry or District Board and the Commissioners, or which, if not so agreed on, shall be ascertained by the Valuation of Two Valuers (One to be named by the Vestry or District Board, and the other by the Commissioners), or their Umpire.

8. Notwithstanding that the Parish Highways cease to be Turnpike Roads and become Common Highways, all the Provisions of every Act of Parliament (other than the several recited Acts) relating to the several Portions of the Roads which so cease to be Turnpike Roads, or to the Commissioners or their Agents, Officers, or Servants with respect to the same, and on the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four in force, shall be of like Force as if the Cesser had not happened, and may be exercised, enforced, and enjoyed by and against the respective Vestries or District Boards having the Maintenance of the Parish Highways respectively, and their Agents, Officers, and Servants

respectively *

939

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

respectively, in as full and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the same respectively might, if the Cesser had not happened, be enforced and enjoyed by and against the Commissioners, and their Agents, Officers, and Servants respectively.

9. From and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four Apportionment

inclusive the clear yearly Income of the Commissioners from LyorCs Estates shall be apportioned and applied as follows; that is to say, Estates,

First. — As to the clear yearly Income of the Commissioners from those Parts of Lyon!s Estates which were conveyed by an Indenture of the Sixth Day of July in the Twenty-first Year of Elizabeth:

Four Thirty-ninth Parts thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Paddington, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Kilburn Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

Nine Thirty-ninth Parts thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Kilburn Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

The remaining Twenty-six Thirty-ninth Parts thereof shall be retained by the Commissioners, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of the Remainder of the Kilburn Road to Edgeware:

econdly. — As to the clear yearly Incpme of the Commissioners from those Parts of Lyon's Estates which were conveyed by an Indenture dated the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of Elizabeth;

Four Twentieth Parts thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Paddington, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Harrow Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

Three Twentieth Parts thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Harroio Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

One Twentieth Part thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Harrow Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

And the remaining Twelve Twentieth Parts thereof shall be retained by the Commissioners, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of the Remainder of the Harrow Road to Harrow-on-the-Hill.

10. From and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four Apportionment inclusive the clear yearly Income of the Commissioners from Harvist's Estate shall be of Income apportioned and applied as follows; that is to say,

One Eighth Part thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Padding tony and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Kilburn Road which will oe maintainable by that Parish:

One Eighth Part thereof shall be paid by the Commissioners to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Marylebone, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of that Portion of the Kilburn Road which will be maintainable by that Parish:

And the remaining Six Eighth Parts thereof shall be retained by the Commissioners, and be applied by them in or towards defraying their Expenses of the maintaining, repairing, lighting, and watering of the Remainder of the Kilburn Road to Edgeware.

from Harvist'8 Estate.

The other Hoads now-under Core of Commissioners to continue so subject, and to be divided into Districts, as in the Third Schedule.

Cesser of Liability of Commissioners to maintain other Hoads.

Map of Districts to be deposited with Clerkfl of Peace.

Power to put up Toll Gates, &c.

Tolls under Act of 1829 to cease.

Tolls specified in Fourth Schedule.

Repeal of Sections of Acts of 1826 and 1829 specified in Fifih Schedule *

Repeal of Section 141 of the Act of 182G and Restrictions

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 78.

II. Provided that, except only as is by this Act otherwise expressly provided, the several excepted Portions of Ronds which aTG specified in the Second Column of the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and all such other Parts of the Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners as are not Part of the Parish Highways, shall continue to be subject to the Superintendence and Management of the Commissioners under the Powers and Provisions of the Acts of 1826 and 1829, and of this Act; and on and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four those several Roads shall, for the Purposes of collecting Tolls thereon, be divided into the Thirteen Districts specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed.

12. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Liability of the Commissioners under the Acts of 1826 and 1829 respectively with respect to the maintaining, repairing, lighting, watching, or watering, or the Superintendence or Management, of the several Roads comprised in those Acts, or cither of them, other than such of those Roads as are specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, shall absolutely cease: Provided that this Cesser of Liability of the Commissioners shall be without Prejudice to their Liability under this Act with respect to the Maintenance or Repair of any Portion of Main Road situate on the City of London Side of and within One Quarter of a Mile from any Turnpike Gate or Bar of the Commissioners across the Road.

-13. Within Nine Months after the passing of this Act the Commissioners shall deposit with the respective Clerk of the Peace for each of the Counties of Middlesex, JEssex, and Hertford, a Map signed by the General Surveyor of the Commissioners, showing the Thirteen Districts of Roads specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and distinguishing the Districts by the Colours specified in that Schedule; and the Clerks of the Peace shall keep the same, and allow Inspection thereof, and make Copies and Extracts of the same, in like Manner, on like Terms, and under like Penalty for Default, as is provided with respect to Documents therein referred to by the Act of the First Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three.

14. On or after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Commissioners, when and as they from Time to Time think fit, may erect, provide, and maintain any Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, Side Gates or Bars across or by the Sides of any of the Roads which are specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and across any Streets, Roads, or Lanes from Time to Time leading into any of those Roads; provided that no Side Gate or Bar across any Street, Road, or Lane leading into any of those Roads shall be more than Twenty Yards distant from the Side of the respective Road.

15. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the several Tolls by the Act of 1829 (Section 19) authorized to be taken shall cease to be payable.

16. On and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Commissioners or their Lessees or Collectors from Time to Time may demand, receive, and take, at every Turnpike Gate, Side Gate and Bar, already or hereafter erected on or by the Side of the several Roads specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, or across' any Street, Road, or Lane leading into any of those Roads, any Tolls not exceeding the several Tolls specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed.

17. On the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the several Sections of the Acts of 1826 and 1829 respectively which are specified in the Fifth Schedule to this Act annexed shall be by this Act repealed: Provided that the Repeal of those Sections, or any of them, shall not have any retroactive Operation.

18. On the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four Section 141 of the Act of 1826 shall be by this Act repealed so far only as it applies to the Parish Highways within the Parish of Saint Luke Old Street; but no Building prohibited by that Section shall hereafter be erected on the Fore Courts or Gardens of Houses and

Buildings

26? & 27°'VICTORI., c. 7& S41

Buildings in the City Road on either Side thereof between Old Street and Oakley Crescent, and RegnktioM including the Houses adjoining Oakley Crescent, save under the following Conditions and Restrictions; that is to say, the City Rond.

Every Building shall be so placed as to have a Space for a Footway of a Width of Twelve Feet between it and the Carriageway, and sufficient Land shall, on the Erection of any Building on the Fore Court of the Premises, be thrown into and form Part of the Footway, so that the Width of the Footway may be Twelve Feet at least:

No such Building shall be erected except with the Consent of the Metropolitan Board of Works, signified in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of that Board:

Any Building erected in violation of any or either of these Provisions may be removed, by the Vestry of the Parish or Board of Works of the District in which the Building maybe situate, in the same Manner as if such Building had been erected in violation of the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and two, intituled " The Metropolis Local Management Amendment Act, 1862:"

Provided, that nothing herein contained shall interfere with the Rights of Owners of Property with respect to Buildings already existing, or which may be erected at a Distance of more than Forty Feet from the Carriageway of the City Road: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall give or be construed to give or create any Powers over any Building to be erected under the Provisions of the Saint Luke's Middlesex Work-house and Vestry Hall Act, 1863.

19. The Exemptions and Provisions with respect to Tolls contained in the General Provision as to Turnpike Acts shall (except as the same are altered, varied, or repealed by the Acts of BrWge* 1826 and 1829 and this Act respectively) extend to any Gate already or hereafter erected on Lea Bridge; and (except as is by the Acts of 1826 and 1829 and this Act respectively otherwise expressly provided) Lea Bridge shall, for all Purposes of the General Turnpike Acts and the Acts of 1826 and 1829 and this Act respectively, be considered as Part of the Road comprised in the Thirteenth District specified in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed.

20. Provided, that if and whenever any Repairs of Lea Bridge costing more than One Increase of thousand Pounds are necessary, the Commissioners may increase the Tolls on the Roads comprised in the Thirteenth District to One Half more in Amount than the Tolls in that Repairs of Lea Behalf specified in the Fourth Schedule, and continue the Increase until the Cost of the Bridge exceed Repairs be repaid to the Commissioners by means of the increased Tolls. i, oooo/.

2L All the Clauses and Provisions of the Locomotive Act, 1861, shall apply to the Provisions of several Turnpike Roads which under this Act shall continue to be maintainable by the 24 25 Vlc/ *

n J c. 70. to apply.

Commissioners.

22. Provided* that no Toll shall be demanded or taken on the Road comprised in the Thirteenth District for any Horse or other Cattle whatsoever going to Walthamstow Marsh or Low Layton Marsh only for the Purpose of depasturing there or returning from the same.

23. Provided, that when the Toll by this Act authorized to be taken is once paid at any Gate or Bar in any District for any Animal, then (except only as is by this Act otherwise expressly provided) no further Toll shall be demanded or taken during the same Day for the same Animal at any other Gate or Bar within the same District, or on returning or repassing through the same Gate or Bar; but (except as is by this Act otherwise provided) the Payment of Toll in any One District shall not entitle the Party paying the same to any Exemption From Toll during the same Day in any other District.

Horses, &c. going to depasture on Walthamstow Marsh exempt from Toll in 13th District.

Tolls to be paid only once a Day in the same District.

24. Provided, that no Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Horses, &<*. speb Carriage laden shall be exempt from Toll in any of the Districts by reason of any ent previous Payment of Toll within the same District during the same Day^ unless the Beast to pay each* at the Time of the previous Payment drew the sanje Carriage as that which he draws when Time of pass-thq Exemption is claimed. mg *

Postch&ises to pay on every fresh Hiring.

Stage Coaches to pay each Time of passing-

Hackney Coaches to pay each Time of passing with a fresh Hiring.

Carts laden with Bricks, &c. to pay each Time of passing.

Additional Tolls in respect of narrow Wheels.

Power to direct that Payment of Toll in One District shall exempt from Payment in another.

Special Ticket for denoting special Exemption.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

25. Provided, that no Horse or other Beast drawing any Postchaise or other Carriage returning with any Person therein, and passing through any of the Gates or Bars of any of' the Districts, shall be exempt from Toll unless a Ticket be produced denoting that the Toll was already paid on that Day by the Person then in or hiring the Postchaise or other Carriage.

26. Provided, that the Tolls shall be paid in every District for every Horse or Beast drawing any Stage Coach, Omnibus, Van, Caravan, Waggon, or other like Carriage conveying Passengers or Goods for Pay, Hire, or Reward, for every Time of passing along any of the Roads in that District.

27. Provided, that the Tolls shall be paid in every District for every Horse or Beast drawing any Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Cabriolet for every Time of passing through any Gate or Bar of that District, unless the Person by whom the same is then hired already during the same Day paid Toll for the same within that District, and produces a Ticket denoting the Payment, or unless such Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Cabriolet shall be returning empty after having set down a Person who during that Day paid Toll for the same.

28. Provided no Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage laden with Bricks, Tiles, Stones, Lime, Timber, Coals, Iron in Bars, or Lead in Sheets shall be exempt from Toll in any District by reason, of any previous Payment of Toll within the same District, except where the Beast at the Time of the previous Payment of Toll was going with the same Carriage, empty or laden with Breeze or Ashes for making Bricks, to fetch the Load which he draws when the Exemption is claimed.

29. On all the Roads within every District One Half more than the Tolls specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed as payable in that District for any Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing shall be demanded and taken for any or every Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four and a Half Inches at the Bottom or Soles thereof; and One Fourth more than the Toll so specified shall be demanded and taken for any or every Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing any such Carriage having the Bottom or Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four and a Half Inches but less than Six Inches; and One Half more than the Toll so specified shall be demanded and taken for any or every Horse, Ass, or other Beast drawing any such Carriage having the Bottom or Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and having any Tire or Tires of the Wheels deviating more than One Half of an Inch from a flat Surface, or not having the Nails of the Tire or Tires so countersunk as not to project beyond One Quarter of an Inch above any Part of the Surface thereof, anything in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, that nothing in this Section shall make any additional Toll payable where any Cart is not drawn by more than One Horse or Two Oxen.

30. In addition to the Powers by the Act of 1826 given to the Commissioners for reducing, advancing, and altering Tolls, the Commissioners may from Time to Time direct that Payment of any Toll specially appointed by them for the Purpose, and being of greater Amount than the Tolls specified in the Fourth Schedule to this Act annexed, or not, as they deem proper, shall exempt the Person paying it from any further Payment of Toll during |the same Day in respect of the Animal in respect of which it was paid, not only within the District in which it was paid, but also in all or any of the other Districts;

31. When the Commissioners make any such Direction they shall appoint a special Ticket denoting the special Exemption to be issued, and every Person passing through any Gate or Bar in the District to which the Direction relates shall, at his Option, be entitled cither to the ordinary Ticket for exempting from further Toll within the same District only, in which Case only the ordinary Toll shall be demanded or taken, or to the special Ticket denoting the special Exemption, in which Case the Toll appointed for the Purpose, and no less Toll, shall be demanded and taken.

32. If

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

82* If any Collector or Gate Keeper issue a Ticket denoting the special Exemption or Payment of any less Toll than the Toll appointed for that Purpose, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied as directed by the General Turnpike Act of the Third Year of George the Fourth with respect to the Penalties thereby imposed.

38. Inasmuch as after the passing of this Act it will be the Duty of the Commissioners to revise and reduce the Salaries and Emoluments of Officers now employed by them, the Commissioners may, with the Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, allow to any Person or Persons in their Employ such Compensation as is so approved, the same to be paid out of any Balances in their Hands, or out of Tolls collected under this Act.

34. The several Provisions, Restrictions, and Exemptions contained in the Act of 1826 with respect to the Tolls by that Act authorized to be taken, and the Collection, letting, Advancement, Reduction, and Alteration thereof, and with respect to the Application of the Monies arising therefrom, shall, so far as they are now in force, and except so far as they are altered by this Act, extend and apply to the Tolls by this Act authorized, and the Monies to arise therefrom, in the same Manner and as fully as if they had been specially re-enacted with reference to those Tolls and Monies.

35. Except only so far as is by this Act otherwise expressly provided, all the Powers and Means of removing Nuisances and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances which by the Acts of 1826 and 1829 respectively were given to and vested in the Commissioners shall, so far as the same relate to the Parish Highways, be vested in and exercised by the several Vestries or District Boards by which respectively the Parish Highways are from Time to Time maintainable, in addition to the Powers and Authorities for the like Objects vested in and which may be exercised by the several Vestries and District Boards under any Act or Acts from Time to Time in force, and that in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes and subject to the like Conditions and Restrictions as the same would be vested in and exerciseable by the Commissioners if this Act were not passed; provided that, so far as those Powers and Means relate to the Roads from Time to Time maintainable by the Commissioners, the same shall continue to be vested in and exerciseable by them.

36. The Offences which by Section 157 of the Act of 1826 are declared to be Felony shall not be Felony, but shall be Misdemeanor, and shall be punishable accordingly.

37. Except only so far as is by this Act otherwise expressly provided, the several Powers and Provisions of the Acts of 1826 and 1829 respectively relating to the Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners, and which immediately before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four shall be in force, and which shall not be on that Day by this Act repealed, shall (subject to the Provisions of this Act) continue in force with respect to so much of the Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners as shall from Time to Time after that Day continue to be maintainable by them.

38. No Portion of a Road which under this Act ceases to be Turnpike Road and becomes Common Highway shall at any Time thereafter be in any Part thereof lessened in Width.

39. It shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to light any Part of the Roads which after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four will be maintainable by them, and they shall not watch any Part of those Roads.

40. Inasmuch as the Practice of the Commissioners has been to make up their yearly Accounts to Lady Day, and to hold their yearly Meeting in April, therefore the Practice heretofore in that respect shall be deemed to have been correct; but if and when One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall by Notice in Writing to the Commissioners so require, they henceforth shall make up their yearly Accounts to the Thirty-first Day of December, and hold their yearly Meeting before Lady Day.

41. From

343

Penalty on Collector, &c. for giving false special Ticket.

Compensation for Officers of Commissioners for Loss of Salary, &c.

Provisions of Act of 1826 applicable to Tolls under this Act.

Exercise of Powers to remove Nuisances given by Acts of 182G and 1829.

As to Offences under Section 157 of Act of 1820.

Provisions of Acta of 1826 and 1829 to continue applicable to Roads maintained by Commissioners.

Highways not to be lessened in Width.

Commissioners not bound to light or watch Roads.

Times for making up yearly Accounts and holding yearly Meetings of Commissioners.

Provision for Portions of Roads ceasing in fiitarc to be maintainable by Commissioners;

and being thenceforth maintained by the Parishes in which they lie.

Provision as to Toll Houses, &c. thereon.

Term of Act.

Application to Parliament for Regulation of Roads, &c. after Expiration of Term of Act

Application to Chancery for interim Order for Application of Income from Trust Estates.

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 78.

41. From Time to Time, after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, any Portion of the Roads now maintainable by the Commissioners which are not Part of the Parish Highways, with the Consent of the Vestry, District Board, Improvement Commissioners, Trustees, or other Local Board having the Maintenance of the other Roads within the Parish within which the respective Portion of the Roads is situate* and in Places where there is no such District Board, Improvement Commissioners, or other such Local Board, then with the Consent of the Vestry, and with the Consent also of the Commissioners, and with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall on and after a Day so consented to and approved cease to be maintained, repaired, lighted, watched, or watered by the Commissioners, and to be subject to the Superintendence and Management of the Commissioners, and to be Turnpike Roads, and shall be Common Highways: Provided always, that where all the Parishes in which any One District of Road is situate shall agree to maintain and repair the whole of that District of Road as Common Highways, and shall give Notice of the Agreement to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, he may, if he think fit, make in the Bill for the then next General Turnpike Continuance Act such Provision as lie thinks expedient that the District of Road shall cease to be maintained, repaired, or watered by the Commissioners, and shall be maintained, repaired, and watered by the Parishes accordingly, and such Provision for any Matters incidental thereto as may be necessary.

42. On and after the respective Day so consented to and approved the respective Portion of the Roads which from Time to Time so ceases to be Turnpike Road, and is made Common Highway, shall be maintained, repaired, watched, lighted* rand watered as Part of the Common Highways within the Parish within which the respective Portion of the Roads is situate, and all Quitrents (if any) and other Outgoings in respect thereof shall be paid accordingly as Part of the Expenses of maintaining the same.

43. The Provisions of this Act with respect to Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, Side

Gates, Bars, Pumps, and other Works and Conveniences on or by the Side of the Parish Highways, and the several other Provisions of this Act applicable to the Portions of the Roads which on the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four become the Parish Highways, shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the respective Portion of the Roads which from Time to Time after that Day ceases to be Turnpike Road and is made Common Highway.

44. This Act shall (unless Parliament otherwise enacts) continue in force for the Term

of Twenty-one Years from and after the passing thereof and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and from and after the Expiration of the Term of this. Act all the Roads immediately before the Expiration thereof maintainable by tfye Cpmufiissioners shall be Common Highways, and maintainable accordingly.

45. It shall be the Duty of the Commissioners, not more than Five nor less than Two Years before the Expiration of the Term of this Act, to promote a Bill in Parliament for an Act for making Provision for the maintaining, repairing, watching, lighting, and dealing in all respects with the Roads after the Expiration thereof, and for regulating the Application thenceforth of the clear yearly Income arising from Lyons Estates and Harvist*s Estate respectively, and for all incidental Matters, including a Saving of the Rights of Harrow School in respect of surplus Income arising from Lyons Estates.

46. If and so far as any Period intervenes between the Expiration of the Term of this Act and the coming into force of any Regulations by Parliament for the Application of the dear yearly Income arising from I^yoris Estates and Harvisfs Estate respectively, the Court of Chancery, on the Application in a summary Way by Petition, Summons, or Motion of Her Majesty's Attorney General on the Relation of the Commissioners, or of any of the Parishes then claiming to be entitled under the Trusts of those Estates respectively to participate in the clear yearly Income arising from the same respectively, may make such Orders as the Court may think fit for the Application of the same clear yearly Income in accordance with those Trusts respectively, or as near thereto as the Court may think ft.

v n'/

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Roads transferred to Parishes.

Turnpike Roads which are to cease to be Portions of Turnpike Roads still to be maintainable by the Commissioners, and maintained by the Commissioners.

are to be Parish Highways maintainable -

by the Parishes in which they are situate.

The Turnpike Roads in the following Parishes, which are now maintained by the Commissioners:

St Margaret Westminster.

St Luke Chelsea.

St Mary Abbott Kensington

St. Peter and St Paul Hammersmith

Fulham.

St George Hanover Square. Paddington.

St Marylebone.

St John Hampstead

St James and St. John Clerkenwell. St Pancras.

St Mary Islington.

St Luke Old Street St. Leonard Shoreditch.

St. Matthew Bethnal Green. Hackney.

St Mary Stoke Newington and Hornsey -

Twickenham. Teddington.

Except that Part of the Harrow Road which liespartly in the Parish of St. Mary Abbott Kensington and St Peter and St Paul Hammersmith on the South Side, and partly in the Parish of Willesden on the North Side, and which excepted Portion of Road forms Part of the Seventh District of Roads specified in the Third Schedule to the aforegoing Act annexed.

Except that Part of the Kilburn Road which lies partly in the Parish of St John Hampstead, and partly in the Parish of Willesden, and which excepted Portion of Road forms Part of the Eighth District of Roads specified in the Thira Schedule to the aforegoing Act annexed.

Except so much of the Green Lanes . Road which lies partly in the Parish of St. Mary Stoke Newington, and partly in the Parish of Hornsey, as is situate Northward of the Metropolitan High Level Main Drainage Sewer, and so much of the Seven Sisters Road which lies partly in the Parishes of St. Mary Stoke Newington, Hornsey, and Tottenham, as is (situate North-eastward of the North-eastern Boundary of the Parish of St Mary Islington, and which excepted Portions of Roads form Part of the Tenth District of Roads specified in the, Third Schedule to the aforegoing Act annexed.

26 & 27 VICT.

Xx

The

345

346

26" & 27" VICTORIA, c. 78.

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers. Division of Roaps between Parishes.

Portion of Parish Highway lying in Two Division between the Two Parishes of

Parishes, the Portion of Parish Highway.

So much of the Fulham Road, partly in the Parish of St. Mary Abbott Kensington, and partly in the Parish of St Luke Chelsea, as extends from the Boundary Line between the Parishes of St Mary Abbott Kensington, and St Luke Chelsea, at the End of Marlborough Road, to the Boundary between the Parishes of St. Luke Chelsea and Fulham at Stamford Bridge.

So much of the Kilburn Road, partly in the Parish of Paddington, and partly in the Parish of St. Marylebone, as extends from the Canal Bridge at Maida Hill to the Southern Boundary of the Parish of Hampstead.

So much of the Uxbridge Road, partly in the Parish of St. George Hanover Square and partly in the Parish of Paddington, as extends from the Western Boundary of the Parish of St. Marylebone at Tyburn to the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Paddington, where it crosses the Road at Bayswater, and lies Southward of the Footway on the Northern Side of that Portion of the Uxbridge Road.

1, To be deemed in the Parish of St. Mary Abbott Kensington.

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Fulham Road as lies between the Boundary Line between the Parishes of St. Mary Abbott Kensington and St Luke Chelsea at the End of Marlborough Road, and-the Eastern Side of Thistle Grove.

2. To be deemed in the Parish of St Luke Chelsea.

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Fulham Road as lies between the Eastern Side of Thistle Grove and the Boundary Line between the Parishes of St. Luke Chelsea and Fulham at Stamford Bridge.

1. To be deemed in the Parish of

Paddington.

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Kilburn Road as lies between the Canal Bridge at Maida Hill and a Point 100 Yards Southward of Abercorn Place at Maida Yale.

2. To be deemed in the Parish of

St. Marylebone.

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Kilburn Road as lies between a Point 100 Yards Southward of Abercorn Place at Maida Yale and the Southern Boundary of the Parish of Hampstead.

1. To be deemed in the Parish of St George Hanover Square,

One Ninth Part in Length (at the Eastern End) of the Carriageway and Channels and of the Footway on the Southern Side of so much of the Uxbridge Road as lies between the Western Boundary of the Parish of St. Marylebone at Tyburn and the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Paddington where it crosses the Road at Bayswater.

2. To be deemed in the Parish of

Paddington.

The remaining Eight Ninth Parts in Length of the Carriageway and Channels and of the Footway on the Southern Side of so much of the Uxbridge Road as lies between the W estem Boundary of the Parish of St. Marylebone at Tyburn and the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of Paddington where it crosses the Road at Bayswater.

347

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 78."

So much of the Kensington Rood, partly in the Parish of St Mary Abbott Kensington and partly in the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster, ad extends from the Boundary Line between the Parishes of St. Margaret Westminster and St Mary Abbott Kensington, where the same abuts on the Northern Side of the High Street Kensington, to the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of St Mary Abbott Kensington abutting upon the Kensington Road at Hyde Park Terrace, Kensington Gore.

L To be deemed in the Parish of St Mary Abbott Kensington *

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Kensington Road as lies between the Boundary Line between the Parishes of St. Margaret Westminster and St. Mary Abbott Kensington on the Northern Side of the High Street Kensington and the Western Side of the Gloucester Road where the same adjoins the Kensington Road.

2. To be deemed in the Parish of St. Margaret Westminster.

The Carriageway and Channels of so much of the Kensington Road as lies between the Western Side of the Gloucester Road and the Eastern Boundary of the Parish of St Mary Abbott Kensington at Hyde Park Terrace, Kensington Gore.

The THIRD SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

Districts.

The First District. To be coloured Crimson Lake on the Map referred to in the

Thirteenth Section of the aforegoing Act

The Great Western or Old Brentford Road, from the Western Boundary of Hammersmith Parish to Brentford Bridge.

The Second District. To be coloured Orange on the Map.

The Great Western Road, from Brentford Bridge to the Town Hall in Hounslow and the Isleworth Roads, being the Road leading out of the Great Western Road through Sion Lane to and including the Bridge over Mother Ivy's Water, and the Road called Pound Lane or Lower Wood Lane, leading out of the Great Western Road to Isleworth.

The Third District. To be coloured Yellow on the Map.

The Great Western Road, from the Town Hall in Hounslow to Baber Bridge, and the Road from Hounslow to Cranford Bridge.

The Fourth District. To be coloured Blue Purple on the Map.

The Uxbridge Road, from the Western Boundary of Hammersmith Parish to the Seventh Mile Post on the Uxbridge Road.

The Fifth District. To be coloured Sepia on the Map.

The Uxbridge Road, from the Seventh to the Eleventh Mile Posts on that Road and Boston Lane.

The Sixth District. To be coloured Vermilion on the Map.

The Uxbridge Rood, from the Eleventh Mile Poet thereon to Uxbridge.

The Seventh District. To be coloured Emerald Green on the Map.

The Harrow Road, from the Western Side of Kilburn Lane to Harrow.

The Eighth District. To be coloured Carmine on the Map.

The Kilburn Road, from the Southern Boundary of Hampstead Parish to the Eighth Mile Post on the Kilburn Road.

aw & amvicTOHLE, 6.m

The Ninth District* . To be coloured Light Blue on the Map.

The Kilburn Road, from the Eighth Mile Post thereon to Sparrows Herne.

The Tenth District. To be colpured Red Purple on the Map.

The Green Lanes Road, from the Crossing thereof by the Metropolitan High Level Main Drainage Sewer to Bush Hill, and the Seven Sisters Road, from the Eastern Boundary of Islington Parish to the Stamford Hill Road at Page Green. f f

ThE Eleventh District. To be coloured Sienna bn the Map.

The Stamford Hill Road, from the Northern Boundary of Hackney Parish to the Junction of that Road with the Edmonton and Enfield Road.

The Twelfth District. To be coloured Blue on the Map.

The Stamford Hill Road, from the Junction of that Road with the Edmonton and Enfield Road to the Boundary of the County of Middlesex, and the Edmonton and

Enfield Road from that Junction to Enfield.

1 The Thirteenth District. To be coloured Green on the Map.

The Lea Bridge Road, from the Northern Boundary of Hackney Parish to the Junctions, of that Road with the Middlesex and Essex Turnpike Road at Snaresbrook and at Woodford respectively.

The FOURTH SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

Tolls.

5. d.

For every Horse, Ass, or other Beast not drawing - 0 1

For every Horse or other Beast (except an Ass) drawing - 0 2

For every Ass drawing - - -01

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle (and so in proportion for any greater or less Number) - - - 0 if

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine (and so in proportion for any greater or less Number) - - 0 2 J

N.B. — Payment of Toll on any Two of the First, Second, and Third Districts clears the other of those Districts, and Payment of Toll on any Two of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Districts clears the other of those Districts.

The FIFTH SCHEDULE to which the aforegoing Act refers.

Sections of Acts repealed.

Act of 1826.

Sections 37 and 38, relating to Roads which under the Act of 1829 have ceased to bd maintainable by the Commissioners. 1 >

Section 71, relating to the lighting of Roads.

Sections 72 to 76, both inclusive, relating to the watching of Roads.

Sections 88 and 89, relating to Exemptions from Tolls.

Section 90 relating to Tolls.

Sections 92 and 93 and 94, relating to Overweight.

Sections 117 and 118, relating to Annuities which have ceased to be payable.

Act of 1829

Section 15, relating to the Rents of Lyon's Estates.

Section 16, relating to the Rents of Harvist's Estate.

Section 18, relating to Districts for Tolls.

Sections 19 to 31 both inclusive, relating to Tolls.

m

26? & 27°lVICTORIiE, c. 79.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Religious Instruction of Prisoners in County, and Borough Prisons in England and Scotland. s'k, / tj [28th July 1863«]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating ta Prisons in England and

" Scotland rwiih respect to the Religious Instruction of the Prisoners confined

therein:' Be it enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice aiicf Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Prison Ministers Act, 1863."

2. This Act shall apply in England to all Gaols, Prisons, and Houses of Correction Act to apply to (herein-after included under the Term " Prisons ") that are maintained at the Expense of all Gaoli> &c* any County, Riding, Division, or Liberty of a County, or of any County of a City, County of a Town or Borough, and in Scotland to all Local Prisons as defined by " The Prisons (fyotlatufy Administration Act, 1860."

3. Where the Number of Prisoners confined in any Prison to which this Act applies. Power to and belonging to some Church or Religious Persuasion differing, if in England, from the aPP?\nt Church of England, and if in Scotland, from the Church of Scotland, is so great as, in the Ministers to Opinion of the Justices, County Board, or other Persons having the Appointment of Prisons. Chaplain in the said Prison, to require the Ministrations of a Minister of their own Church or Persuasion, the said Justices, County Board, or other Persons may appoint a Minister of such last-mentioned Church or Persuasion to attend at the said Prison on the Prisoners of his own Church or Persuasion, and they may, if they think fit, award to him a reasonable Sum as a Recompence for his Services, such Sum to be deemed a Part of the Expenses of the Prison to which, he ip appointed, and to be paid out of the Funds legally applicable to the Payment of such Expenses.

The Visiting Justices of any Prison may, if they think fit, without a special Request Regulation as being made by, but not against the Will of, any Prisoner of a Church or Religious Persuasion differing from that of |the Established Church, permit a Minister of the Church or Persuasion tp which quch Prisoner belongs (if no Appointment of such a Minister has been made under this Act) to visit such Prisoner at proper and reasonable Times, under such Restrictions imposed by them as may guard against the Introduction of improper Persons, and may prevent improper Communications; provided that any Prisoner shall, on Request, be allowed, subject to the Rules of the Gaol, to attend the Chapel or to be visited by the Chaplain of the Gaol. Every Minister appointed or permitted to visit Prisoners under this Act shall hold his Appointment or Permission to visit during the Pleasure of the Authority by whom he was appointed or permitted to visit, and shall conform in all respects to the Regulations of the Prison at which he attends. No Minister shall be appointed under this Act for any Prison in which there is not a Chaplain of the Established Church.

4. The Keeper or other Person performing the Duties of Keeper of a Prison on receiving Keepers of into his Custody any Prisoner shall enter his Name in a Book to be provided for the Purpose, with the Addition of the Church or Religious Persuasion to which the Prisoner gbn of Pri- shall declare himself to belong, and the said Keeper or other Person shall from Time to sonere.

Time jjive to qy, Minister appointed or permitted to visit prisoners in the Prison a List of the Prisoners so declared to Delong to the Church or Persuasion of such Minister, and no such Minister shall be permitted to attend or visit any Prisoner belonging to any Religious Persuasion differing from that to which such Minister belongs.

5. So much of the Thirtieth Section of the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of His So much of late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, as provides " that the Chaplain

" shall frequently visit every Room and Cell in the Prison occupied by Prisoners, and shall provides for " direct such Books to be distributed and read, and such Lessons to be taught, in such visits of Chap- Prison, as he may deem proper for the Religious and Moral Instruction of the Prisoners to

" therein, appy

m

Prisoners visited by other Ministers.

The Sum of 650,000l. to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund towards Expenses after mentioned. Appropriation of the Money so issued to the Expenses of constructing Fortifications, and providing a Central Arsenal

Treasury to raise 650,000l. by creating Annuities for a Term not exceeding Thirty Years.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 79, 80.

" therein, and that he shall visit those who are in Solitary Confinement/' shall not apply to any Prisoner who is attended or visited by a Minister of a Church or Persuasion differing from the Church of England, except when the Visits of any such Minister shall have been discontinued for the Period of Fourteen Days; and no Prisoner belonging to any Church or Religious Persuasion shall be compelled to attend any Religious Service held or performed by any Chaplain, Minister, or Religious Instructor of a Church or Religious Persuasion to which the said Prisoner does not belong.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

[28th July 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having further considered the State, Condition, and Sufficiency of the Fortifications existing for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and being desirous to provide forthwith for the Construction of certain Works for the Defence of Your Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and for the Creation of a Central Arsenal, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty the further Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred for those Purposes, and we have resolved that a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds be raised by such Terminable Annuities as herein-after mentioned, and we do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

1. Towards defraying the Expenses herein-after mentioned any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. Such Sum or Sums as may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing Produce thereof as aforesaid, shall be applied as mentioned in the Schedule to this Act towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred in constructing the aforesaid Fortifications and Works for the Defence of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards of the United Kingdom (including the Naval Establishment at Haulbowline), and the Fortifications at Dover and Portland, and in providing a Central Arsenal, and in purchasing the Land and Rights in Land that may be required for the Purposes of such Fortifications, Works, and Arsenal; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time apply such Sum or Sums accordingly: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to apply any of such Sums to any Work not specifically named in the Schedule, nor to apply to any Work any greater Sum than that which is set down in the Schedule as the total estimated Cost of the Work.

8. To provide for the Issues to be made out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing Produce thereof, and to repay to the Consolidated Fund the Amount which may have been previously so issued under this Act, or for either of those Purposes, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or from Time to Time, after the passing of this Act, to raise any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six

hundred

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 80.

851

hundred and fifty thousand Founds, as herein-after mentioned; and for raising all or any Portions which may be so raided from Time to Time of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to eause to be created, and vested in the Contributors to the said Sum or to the respective Portions thereof. Annuities for such Term not exceeding the Term of Thirty Years as the Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit to fix in the Contract with such Contributors, and to be payable half-yearly by equal Payments on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October.

4. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to t"ui7 to flx

Time to contract, in such Manner and under such Regulations as they may deem advisable, Amoimtofnd with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who may be willing to Annuity to be advance the whole or any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, 10

or of the Portion thereof which the said'Commissioners may at any Time think it requisite to raise, and to appoint and fix the Amount and Times of Payment of Deposits and Inetal- and Terms of ments of or in respect of the Sums contracted to be advanced, and to declare and fix the Pay*111'* of . Term and the Amount of Annuity to be created under this Act to which the several Persons Su scnPtlon8' and Corporations advancing such Sums (who are herein referred to as the Contributors), their respective Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall be entitled in respect of each One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, and to appoint on which of the half-yearly Days herein-before mentioned the First Half Year's Payment of Annuity shall become due, and the Time or Times at which the said Annuities or proportional Amounts thereof shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to fix the Time during which Receipts for such Deposits or Instalments as aforesaid shall be assignable; and the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall be entitled for every One hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid to an Annuity for such Term and of such Amount as shall be so fixed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, to be payable during the Term so fixed by half-yearly Payments as aforesaid, the first half-yearly Payment to be due as the said Commissioners may have appointed as aforesaid.

5. It shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Power to Money of any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards advancing any Part of any Sum "bwibe'for to be raised by Annuities in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such infants.

Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor;

0. All Deposits, Instalments, and Sums to be paid by the Contributors, them Executors Time at which or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six bVtransfer^A hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor 1)6 808 err and Company of the Bank of England; and as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, after Payment of the required Deposit, have made due Payment of any subsequent Instalment payable by them respectively on the Days appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury towards a Sum raised under this Act, such Contributors may have a proportional Amount of the Annuities to which they may be entitled in respect of such Instalment forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators,

Successors, or Assigns, and on Payment of the last Instalment such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have a proportional Amount of like Annuities placed to their respective Credits corresponding, at the Rate aforesaid, to the aggregate Amount of the Deposit and of such last Instalmentj and the Persons to whose Credit such Annuities, or such proportional Parts thereof shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have Power to assign and transfer

the

the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England (in such Manner as is herein-after directed); and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Purpose, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Annuities to which they will be entitled under this Act.

Contributors may anticipate Payments.

7. All §uch Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall pay into the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers the whole of their respective Contribution Money, or any Part thereof, in anticipation of the Instalments appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of them, shall be entitled to have forthwith inscribed into their respective Names the whole or such proportional Amount of the said Annuities; but Discount shall not be allowed on any such Payment in anticipation of any of the said Instalments.

Annuities 8. All the Annuities created under this Act shall be payable and paid and be transferable

aTSe Bank. at the Bank of England.

9. So much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities to be created under the

mm *^ct, together with the Charges attending the same, and all the said Annuities shall be

shSibechar^ed charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the

upon the said said Consolidated Fund.

Fund.

Bank of En^- 10. For the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, the

land to appoint gaid Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors shall from Time an Accountant *° Time, until all the said Annuities shall have expired, appoint and employ One or more General, and sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or Treasu^to First Cashier or Cashiers, and One or other sufficient Person within the same Office to be be iwuedtcT their Accountant General; and so much of the Money by this Act to be set apart for the the Cashier for Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the Said Annuities and the Anmdtlesof Charges attending the same shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, nn !t es- without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the Dividends payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall' from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time tb Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay *

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fond for Payment of Annuities and

Cashier to grve Receipt *, for

Subscriptions, and pay the Money he receives into the Exchequer.

1L The Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall receive any Deposits or Instalments from Contributors in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and also Warrants for the proportional Amounts of Annuity to be created in respect of the Instalments intermediate between the Deposit and the last Instalment on the Payment of those Instalments respectively $ and the Receipts and Warrants so to be given shall be assignable and transferable by DeHvriry thereof during such Time aS shall have been fixed by the Commissioner^ of Her Majesty's Treasury, and no longer; and BUoh Cashier or Cashiers Shall giW Security to^the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for duly Answering and* paying infto the Receipt of the Exchequer 4s after mentioned au the Monies which he or they shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for any Portion of the said1 Stan of S& hundred

26° & 27".VICTORI£, c. 80. 3$

and fifty thousand Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest, into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

12» All such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of Money Her Majesty's Exchequer in respect of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Exch^uer to Pounds, or any Portion thereof, raised by Annuities as aforesaid, shall be carried to and form Part of form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. ComoH-

° dated Fund.

13. In the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank A Book to be of England for the Time being a Book or BookB shall be provided and kept, in which the

Names of the Contributors to any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Gerund's Office Pounds, which may be raised under this Act, shall be feirly entered, which Book or Books for entering the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors^ and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and Dupilca^to^e inspect without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, at such Time transmitted to or Times as may be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, transmit an attested E^equer. Duplicate fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer* there to remain for ever.

14. In case any such Contributors to any Portion of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Subscriptions

thousand Pounds which may be raised under this Act, after having paid to the said Cashier in part,

or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money as a Deposit, at the Time and in the Manner appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of thd Sum:

or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner which shall have been appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, then and in every such Case such Deposit shall be > forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Deposit, and to the Annuity in respect thereof, shall be extinguished.

15. All Persons and Corporations who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities which Annuities to be

may be created under this Act, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under '

them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to 8011 v Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise. f

16. Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, Accountant wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Annuities created under this Act shall be B"^0tokeep entered apd registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, enteringr and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Transfers. Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized

in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands ai^d Seals, to be attested by Two qr; more Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof, and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transflm* not Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. - StMiip

17. Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, Powqt to Tpea-if they think it expedient so to do, for raising all or any Portion of the said Sum of Six surj to add, hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to contract and provide that all or any of the Tenninable' unAer Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this Act in respect of such Sum or Portion this Act to

aa aforesaid shall be consolidated with and deemed Part of the Joint Stock of the Terminable ?tock of .exist" Annuities created by the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Yenm of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, or of the Jqint Stock of any Terminably Annuities Kke Duration, transferable at the Bank of England and charged on the Consolidated Fund by the Autho-5 rity of Parliament for the same Term for the Time being uny^pired, and payable on the t 26 & 27 Vicx. Y y 6ame

Allowance to Bank of England for the Expense of Management.

Fortifications, &c. to be executed under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony.

Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 80.

same half-yearly Days, as the Annuities which they may contract to create, and in every such Case the Annuities to be created under this Act shall be added to and form Part of the Joint Stock of the previously existing Annuities accordingly,

18. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Sum of Six hundred Pounds for the said Contributions as an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the same, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

19. The Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal, the Expenses of constructing and providing which are to be defrayed under this Act, shall be constructed and provided respectively under the Direction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and the Land to be purchased and acquired for the Purposes of such Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal shall be vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty.

20. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall in the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in every subsequent Year in which any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall be issued from the Consolidated Fund or raised by Annuities under this Act, cause to be prepared an Account of the Monies raised under this Act up to the First Day of that Month, and of the Amount of Annuities created in respect of the Money so raised, and of the Monies which shall have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund in Tespect of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on that Fund under this Act up to the First Day of April, specially showing the Works or Purposes for or in respect of which the Monies may have been applied, and showing the Amount, if any, which may remain to be raised of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised under this Act, and the Amount, if any, remaining to be issued or applied of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on the said Consolidated Fund; and every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after the Preparation thereof, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

21. If any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the whole or any Part or Parts of the said Contributions towards any Sum raised under this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person so forging or counterfeiting or altering, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall, at the Discretion of the Court, be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, or with or without Solitary Confinement, for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

22. The said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Aots for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act until the Annuities created under this Act shall cease.

355

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.

Total Expended Amount Amount Further

Station. District Name of Work. Estimated, Cost. to 31st March 1863. already voted. proposed 1863-4. Amount to complete.

Portsmouth Spithead Ho^se Sand Fort - 260,000 1 r 11,000 25,000 224,000

No Man's Land 290,000 V 27, 3644 11,000 25,000 254,000

Sturbridge - 310,000 11,000 25,000 274,000

Needles Needles Battery 7,000 4, 635 7,000

Hatherwood 4,000 - . 4,000 —

Warden Point 9,000 5, 748 9,000 -

Cliff End - 30,000 1, 968 14, 500 - 15, 500

Golden Hill 30,000 6 8,000 5,000 17,000

Hurst Castle 108,000 12, 726 38,000 5,000 65,000

Isle of Wight Puckpool and St. Helen's 87,000 294 12,000 10,000 65,000

Batteries.

Sandown Bay Defences Military Road and Posts for 95,000 1 39, 168 65,000 25,000 6,000

Defence of South-west Coast. V 35,000 5,000 10,000 20,000

Portsdown - Fort Wallington 75,000 16, 113 30,000 15,000 30,000

Fort Nelson 75,000 13, 175 30,000 15,000 30,000

Fort Southwick 85,000 12, 891 30,000 15,000 40,000

Fort Widley 75,000 15, 728 30,000 15,000 30,000

Fort Purbrook and Outworks 135,000 24, 188 55,000 10,000 70,000

Gosport Gilkicker Battery - 50,000 - 10,000 _ 40,000

Stokes Bay Lines - 28,000 25, 662

Fort Grange Fort Rowner . - 60,000 60,000 | 109, 116 186,000 22,000 —

Fort Brockhurst 60,000

Fort Fareham 90,000 34, 677 33,000 40,000 17,000

Hilsea - Hilsea Lines 120,000 26, 217 45,000 - 75,000

Southsea Eastney Batteries -Lump's Battery 15, 700 4, 300 - 11, 893 4, 209 1 J* 18,000 2,000 —

Southsea Castle 35,000 - 5,000 10,000 20,000

Plymouth - Sea Defences Picklecombe Battery 85,000 19, 384 40,000 _ 45,000

Staddon Point Battery - 60,000 10, 564 25,000 _ 35,000

Breakwater Fort - 145,000 19, 975 35,000 20,000 90,000

Drake's Island Battery 32,000 19, 172 32,000 \ 5,000 -

Eastern King Battery 2, 100 2, 014 1

Western King Battery 2, 900 2, 686 J

Mount Edgecumbe Battery - 10,000 5, 990 7,000 3,000 —

Staddon Staddon Fort Fort Stamford 93.000 75.000 | 59, 309 83,000 50,000 35,000

Maker - Knatterbury 5,000 - 3,000 2,000

Whites and Bay 10,000 6, 578 10,000

Cawsand Bay 13,000 8, 725 10,000 3,000

Maker Barracks 20,000 - 20,000

North Da stern North Eastern Defences 360,000 - 50,000 50,000 250,000

Devonport - Devonport Lines - 10,000 7, 060 9, 500 - 500

Antony Fort Tregantle 130,000 91, 045 120,000 70,000 10,000

Fort Scraesdon 130,000 50, 042 30,000 30,000

T; 2

356

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.

Total Expended Amount Amount Further

Station. District. Name of Work. Estimated Cost to 31st March 1863. already voted. proposed 1863-4. i Amount to complete.

1 £ £ £ £ Trrtr £

Pembroke - Milford Ityyen Stack Hock Port - - 60,000 11, 842 42,000 f (» cl $000

South Hook Battery . 35,000 13, 166 23,000 12,000 r- ,

Hubberstone Battery - 55,000 25, 150 35,000 20,000

Popton Battery - 56,000 32, 791 37,000 19,000 — . 1

Chapel Bay Battery - 10,000 - 5,000 - 5,000

Fort Scoveston (North of 50,000 10, 084 26,000 5,000 19,000

Milford Haven).

Works to Southward of Mil- 80,000 - - 80,000

ford Haven.

Portland Portland Verne Citadel, and Batteries 127,000 54, 071 62,000 20,000 45,000

connected therewith.

Nothe Port 80,000 45, 008 50,000 20,000 10,000

Breakwater Batteries 145,000 21, 073 45,000 10,000 90,000

Gravesend - Thames Coalhouse Port 90,000 29, 447 60,000 - - 30,000

Clifie Fort - 80,000 23, 624 48,000 - 32,000

Shornmead- 80,000 19, 477 42,000 - 38,000

Medway and Sea Defences - Iale of Grain 85,000 86, 604 70,000 10,000 5,000

Sheerness. Garrison Point 80,000 5, 489 36,000 - 44,000

Hoo Fort -Darnet Fort 50.000 69.000 } 30, 177 64,000 - 45,000

Slough Battery 15,000 72 10,000 5,000

Works in front Cheney Hock Battery 20,000 44 5,000 . 15,000

of Mile Town. Queen borough Battery 20,000 13 5,000 15,000

Chatham Eastern Eastern Defences - 500,000 - 500,000

Dover Dover Castle Hill Fort 80,000 1

Dover Castle 7,000 Y 186, 307 180,000 70,000 28,000

Western Heights - 191,000 J

Cork Cork Spike Island Defences 10,000 1, 414 4,000 1,000 5,000

Carlisle Fort 79,000 13, 306 29,000 8,000 42,000

Camden Fort 70,000 4, 742 12,000 8,000 60,000

Total Works - 5, 620,000 1, 252, 223 2, 050,000 650,000 2, 920,000

Incidental Expenses (Works) . _ 120,000 49, 456 120,000 — — '

Site for Central Arsenal ... - 160,000 - - 150,000

Lands, including Cost of Surveys, Surveyors' Charges, legal 739, 770 1, 030,000)

and other incidental Expenses - 1, 080,000 —

£ 6, 920,000 2, 041, 449 3, 200,000 650,000 1 3, 070,000

Provided for by 23 & 24 Vict. c. 109. - - 2,000,000

Provided for by 25 & 2G Vict. c, 78. - 1, 200,000

Total of this Enactment ---- 650,000

Total of the Three Enactments - £3, 850,000

20° & 27! VICTORIA, c. 81.

357

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend, so far as regards Advances for the Purposes of "The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," certain of the Acts authorizing the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor.

[28th July 1863.]

3 G. 4. c. 8G.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George ' " 4 the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-six, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fiftyseventh Year of His late Majesty, and the First Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a. further Issue of Exchequer Bills

for the Purposes of the said Acts, the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act,

or of any of the Acts therein mentioned, or of any Act or Acts amending or continuing the same Act or Acts, and now usually called the Public Works Loan Commissioners, "

were authorized to make Advances on Mortgage; and it was provided that Mortgages so

made should have certain Priorities: And whereas by another Act passed in the Session

of Parliament held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend several Acts passed for authorizing the l & 2 \V. 4.

Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and c. 24.

4 Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills

for the Purposes of the said Acts, further Provision was made as to the Priorities of Mortgages for securing Advances made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners: And whereas by The Public Works Loan Act, 1853," further Provision was made as to the Priorities of such Mortgages: And whereas by " The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c.

Act, 1861," the Commissioners were authorized, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, to make Advances on Mortgage to Harbour Authorities m manner therein provided: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Notwithstanding any Provision to the contrary contained in the Acts herein-before Public Works mentioned, or in any other Act or Acts passed or to be passed relating to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to grant powered to Priority of Security, as well for Principal as Interest, in respect of any Loan made or to be grant Priority made to any Harbour Authority by any Person or Persons other than the Commissioners ^ectolr^ans over any Security which has been or shall be given to the Commissioners by such Harbour to Harbour Authority; provided that the Grant of such Priority will not, in the Opinion of the Authorities by said Commissioners, affect the Sufficiency of the Security given or to be given to the other Persons. Commissioners.

2. Such Grant of Priority shall not give any Force or Validity to any Security which Such Priority

could not have been legally given if this Act had not been passed: Provided nevertheless, any

that where any Harbour Authority has, independently of "The Harbours and Passing security which Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," the Power to borrow and secure Money to a limited Amount only, could not have it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they think proper, to cause to be inserted in any Jh^A^hnd Deed or other Instrument made or executed to secure an Advance by them to such Harbour not passed. Authority a Declaration that such Advance shall not be taken as Part of such limited

Amount; and thereupon, and notwithstanding such Advance, Money to the full Extent of such limited Amount may be borrowed and secured in addition to the Sum secured by the Deed or Instrument containing the Declaration aforesaid, and the Fact of the Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners being a Party to such Deed or Instrument, and being the Person to whom the Security is made, shall be conclusive Evidence that any such Declaration as aforesaid was inBeTted^hereiirby the Authority of the Commissioners.

3. The Priority by the First Section of this Act authorized to be granted may be granted How Priority either by the Deed or Instrument whereby the Security to the Public Works Loan Com- maybe granted. missioners is made, or from Time to Time by any other Deed or Instrument in Writing under

Harbour Authorities empowered to borrow Money to pay off Debts having Priority over Security for Loans by Public Works Loan Commissioners.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 81, 82.

under the Hand of the Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners, and such Priority may be so granted either absolutely or subject to any Terms and Conditions which the Commissioners may think proper to impose.

4. Where any Debt due from a Harbour Authority has or shall have Priority over any Security, made or to be made for any Loan by the Public Works Loan Commissioners to the same Harbour Authority, then, notwithstanding any Provision to the contrary contained in the Acts herein-before mentioned, or in any other Act or Acts passed or to be passed relating to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the same Harbour Authority from Time to Time to borrow Money to be applied in paying off any Debt for the Time being having such Priority as aforesaid, and to grant and give Security for such Money similar to the Security which had previously existed for the Debt paid off; and all Securities for Money so borrowed and applied shall have the like Priority as the Security for the Debt paid off thereout previously had.

5. This Act may be cited as " The Public Works and Fisheries Acts Amendment Act, 1863."

Power to Bishops of Welsh Dioceses to license Chapels for Performance of Divine Service in English, and nominate Minister thereto.

As to Cases in which Incumbent refuses or fails to nominate.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to empower the Bishops of Welsh Dioceses to facilitate the making Provision for English Services in certain Parishes in Wales.

[28th July 1863.]

f \\/'HBKEAS in all Parishes in Wales in which Welsh is the Tongue commonly spoken by the People it is required by Law that the whole Divine Service shall be used and said by the Minister and Curates throughout all Wales, within the said Dioceses where the Welsh Tongue is commonly used, in the British or Welsh Tongue: And whereas it is expedient to authorize the Performance in certain Parishes in Wales of Divine Service, Preaching, and Administration of the Sacraments according to the Use of the United Church of England and Ireland in the English Tongue, upon such Application and subject to such Conditions as are herein-after mentioned i Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, hj and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That wherever any Ten or more Inhabitants in any Parish, District, or Place in Wales shall certify in Writing to the Bishop of the Diocese within which such Parish, District, or Place is situate, that they are desirous of having Divine Service performed and the Sacraments administered in the English Language, and that they, or some of them, will undertake to provide a Building to be used as a Chapel for the Performance of Divine Service in the English Tongue, and to provide for a Spiritual Person who may officiate therein, and for all other Expenses incident thereto, and shall apply to such Bishop to give the necessary Licences for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, if it shall appear to him that sufficient Provision is not already made for such English Service, on the Nomination by the Incumbent of the said Parish, District, or Place of a fit and proper Person as Mlhister to such Chapel, to license, from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding Two Years, such Building in any Part of such Parish, District, or Place as a Chapel for the Performance of Divine Service, Preaching, and Administration of the Sacraments according to the Use of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the English Tongue, and to license such Minister to perform such of the said Services and Offices as may be specified in the said Licence.

2. Provided, however, That in case the said Incumbent shall fail or refuse to nominate a fit and proper Person as Minister to such Chapel, or in case any Disagreement or Dispute shall arise between the Persons so applying and the Incumbent, either in respect of the Sufficiency of the said Services, or of the Provision for the Performance of such Services, or

for

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 82, 83.

for the Minister, or in respect of the Competency of the Minister to be nominated, then the Bishop of such Diocese (after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Receipt of such Application as aforesaid, due Notice of such Application haying been given by the Persons so applying to the Incumbent) may signify in Writing to the Incumbent the Name of the Minister whom it is his Intention to nominate as the Officiating Minister of such Chapel; and in case the Incumbent shall not, within Fourteen Days from such last Notification, signify in Writing his Dissent to such Nomination, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to nominate and license such Minister: Provided nevertheless, that in case the Incumbent shall, within the same Fourteen Days, signify his Dissent therefrom, such Nomination shall be referred by the said Bishop to the Archbishop of the Province in which such Diocese shall be situated, and such Licence shall not be granted without the Approval in Writing of the said Archbishop.

3. The said licensed Building shall not, without the Assent of the Incumbent, be nor be held to be a Parochial Chapel; and nothing contained in this Act shall give the Minister of the said licensed Building any Power or Authority to perform any Pastoral or Ministerial Functions other than are specified in the said Licence.

4. Nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of the Incumbent of the said Parish, District, or Place in which the said licensed Building shall be situated, in respect of the Publication of Banns, or the Solemnization of Marriages, or the Performance of Burials, or his Right to any Offertory, or any Fees, Dues, or Emoluments to which he may be at the passing of this Act legally entitled.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to define the Boundaries of the Colony of British Columbia, and to continue an Act to provide for the Government of the said Colony.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to amend and continue an Act passed in the Twenty-first

and Twenty-second Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-nine, intituled An Act

1 to provide for the Government of British Columbia Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

X. The First Section of the aforesaid Act is repealed.

2. The remaining Sections of the said Act shall continue in force till the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and no longer, provided that the Expiration of the said Act shall not invalidate any Order in Council or other Instrument issued under Authority of the said Act, nor any Act done or Right or Title acquired by virtue of the said Act, nor affect the Right of Appeal thereby given, nor revive any Acts or Parts of Acts of Parliament thereby repealed.

3. British Columbia shall for the Purposes of the said Act, and for all other Purposes, be held to comprise all such Territories within the Dominions of Her Majesty as are bounded to the South by the Territories of the United States of America, to the West by the Pac\fic Ocean and the Frontier of the Russian Territories in North America, to the North by the Sixtieth Parallel of North Latitude, and to the East, from the Boundary of the United States Northwards, by the Rocky Mountains and the One hundred and twentieth Meridian of West Longitude, and shall include Queen Charlotte's Island and all other Islands adjacent to the said Territories, except Vancouver s Island and the Islands adjacent thereto.

359

Licensed Building not to be a Parochial Chapel without Assent of Incumbent. Incumbent's Kight* not to be affected.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 99.

Sect. 1 of recited Act repealed.

Remaining Sections of recited Act continued.

Boundaries of British Columbia.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 84, 85,

As to Terms " Colonial Legislature *f and Goyer-

Confirmation of certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS Doubts are entertained respecting the Validity of divers Acts passed by

" the Legislature of South Australia for the Purpose of altering the Constitution of the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said Colony, and respecting the c Power of Colonial Legislature* to make Laws for 4he above Purpose; and it is expedient ' to remove such Doubts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In this Act of Parliament the Term " Colonial Legislature" shall mean the Authority (other than Her Majesty in Council) competent to make Laws for any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, except India, the Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man:

The Term " Governor" shall mean the Officer lawfully administering the Government of any Colony.

2. All Laws heretofore passed or purporting to have been passed by any Colonial Legislature with the Object of declaring or altering the Constitution of such Legislature, or of any Branch thereof, or the Mode of appointing or electing the Members of the same, shall have and be deemed to have had, from the Date at which the same shall have received the Assent of Her Majesty or of the Governor of the Colony on behalf of Her Majesty, the same Force and Effect for all Purposes whatever as if the said Legislature had possessed full Powers of enacting Laws for the Objects aforesaid, and as if all Formalities and Conditions by Act of Parliament or otherwise prescribed in respect of the passing of such Laws had been duly observed.

Persons refusing from conscientious Motives to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings in Scotland to be permitted to make a solemn Affirmation or l)ecl j ration.

Penalty for making false Affirmation.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to give Relief to Persons who may refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings in Scotland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant Relief to Persons who may refuse or betm willing, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn in Criminal Proceedings in f Scotland Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ih this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. If any Person called as a Witness in any Court of Criminal Jurisdiction in Scotland, or required or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition in the course of any Criminal Proceeding, shall refuse or be unwilling, from alleged conscientious Motives, to be sworn, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge, or other presiding Officer or Person qualified to take Affidavits or Depositions, upon being satisfied of the Sincerity of such Objection, to permit such Person, instead of being sworn, to make his or her solemn Affirmation or Declaration in the Words following; videlicet, j

I A.B. do solemnly, sincerely, and truly affirm and declare. That the taking of any Oath is according to my Religious Belief unlawful; and I do also solemnly, sincerely, and ' truly affirm and declare/ §*c. "

Which solemn Affirmation and Declaration shall be of the same Force and Effect as if such Person had taken an Oath in the usual Form.

2. If any Person making such solemn Affirmation or Declaration shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly affirm or declare any Matter or Thing which, if the same had beeiu sworn in

26" & '27° VICTORIA, c.-85; 86. M

the usual Form, would have amounted to, wilful and corrupt Perjury, every such Person so offending shall incur the Pains of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Oaths Relief in Criminal Proceedings short Tide. (Scotland) Act, 1863." h

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to authorize the taking of Harbour Dues at Port Erin in the Isle of Man, in order to provide a Fund for the Improvement of the Harbour; and for other Purposes.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is desirable that Improvements should be made in the Harbour of ' ' Port Erin in the Isle of Man, so that the same may be rendered more serviceable as

a Shelter for Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery, and other Vessels:

And whereas the Harbour Commissioners of the Isle of Man, appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Third, intituled An Act for repairing y amending, and supporting the several Barbours and ' Sea Ports in the Isle of Man, herein-after called the Commissioners, are empowered and intend to make such Improvements; and it is expedient that for defraying the Expenses ' thereof the Commissioners should be authorized by Act of Parliament to take Dues on Vessels using the Harbour when improved, and to borrow Money on the Security of the Dues

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

11 G. 3. c. 52.

X. All Works for and connected with the making of the intended Improvements in the Harbour of Port Erin, herein-after called the Harbour, shall be executed subject to the Approval and in conformity with any Directions of the Lords of the Committee for the Time being of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade.

Approval of Works by Board of Trade.

2. Subject and according to the Regulations in the Schedule to this Act, the (fam- Power to Commissioners may take, in respect of the Vessels in that Schedule described, any Dues not JJkTSSfw in exceeding 4he Dues in that Schedule specified, as follows: Schedule.

As soon as the Pier which is intended to be constructed by the Commissioners as Part of the intended Improvements is carried out into the Sea, sufficiently constructed to form a Shelter for Vessels, for a Distance of Three hundred Feet from the Shore at Low-water Mark at ordinary Spring Tides, then the Dues in the First Column of that Schedule specified: #' .,

As soon as the same Pier is so carried out for a further Distance of One hundred and fifty Feet, then the Dues in the Second Column of that Schedule specified:

A Certificate .signed by the Receiver General of the Isle of Man certifying, that the Pie? has been so carried out for a Distance of Three hundred Feet or of Four hundred and fifty Feet, as the Case may be, (which Certificate he shall sign and give on being satisfied in tjiat Behalf,) shall be conclusive Evidence thereof.

3. With respect to the Collection of the Dues, the following Provisions shall take effect: Collection of ((1.) A Collector, and, if necessary, a Sub-Collector, to collect the Dues, shall be frofo r)ues *

Time to Time appointed by the Receiver General of the Isle of Man, at such Salary as the Commissioners from Time to Time direct, payable out of the Dues levied under this Act, and may from Time to Time be removed from Office by the ' Receiver General:

mJi 26 & 27 VICT. Z z (2.) The

362

Power to Commissioners to borrow Money with Consent of Board of Trade.

Application of Dues.

Accounts and Reports of Commissioners to be published as Board of Trade approves.

Part I. of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 47. to extend to Isle of Man,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 86.

(2*) The Collector or Sub-Collector may board any Vessel appearing to him to be liable to Dues for the Purpose of ascertaining the Dimensions of the Vessel, and demanding and receiving the Dues:

(3.) In case of Nonpayment, on Demand, of any Dues payable for any Vessel, the Collector or Sub-Collector may distrain the Tackle or Nets on board thereof; and in case the Dues are not paid within One Fortnight after such Distress, the Collector or Sub-Collector may sell such Tackle or Nets, or a sufficient Part thereof, by Public Auction, and apply the Proceeds in or towards Payment of the Dues, and of the Expenses incurred in or about the Distress and Sale, rendering the Surplus, if any, to the Person in charge of the Vessel:

(4.) The Collector shall monthly, or (if required) oftener, account to the Receiver General for all Sums received by the Collector or Sub-Collector in respect of Dues, and pay over to the Receiver General all Sums in the Hands of the Collector in respect thereof:

(5.) If the Collector refuses or neglects to do so he shall for each Offence be liable to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Suit before the Water Bailiff of the Isle of Man, on Petition, in the Name of the Receiver General, and to be applied as Sums received in respect of Dues are applicable.

4. The Commissioners or the major Part of them (the Receiver General or his Deputy being One) may from Time to Time, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, testified in Writing signed by a Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Board, borrow at Interest from any Commissioners, Body, or Person, on the Security of the Dues leviable under this Act, or on that Security jointly with any other Security, or on any such other Security alone, such Money as may seem necessary for the making and maintaining of the intended Improvements of the Harbour.

5. The Commissioners shall apply all Money received by them in respect of the Dues, and all other Money coming to their Hands from the Harbour, ot from any Property connected therewith belonging to the Commissioners, for the Purposes and in the Order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In paying any Expenses preliminary to or connected with the Preparation and passing of this Act:

(2.) In baying the Expenses of the Maintenance, Management, and Regulation of the Harbour:.

(3.) In paying the Interest on any Money borrowed under this Act, and any Sum payable on account of the Principal thereof:

And the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, subject to the Approval and in conformity with any Directions of the Board of Trade, revise the Scale of Dues received under this Act, so that the Produce thereof may always be, as far as is practicable, sufficient, and not more than sufficient, for the Payments before in the present Section directed, but so that the Dues levied do never exceed in Amount th& Dues specified in the Schedule to this Act.

6. The Accounts of the Receipts, Expenditure, Credits, and Liabilities of the Commissioners under this Act shall be kept and audited, and the same, or proper Abstracts thereof, shall be published in such Form and Manner, and at such Times, as the Board of Trade from Time to Time directs or approves; and a proper Abstract of all such Accounts, together with a Report of the Commissioners on their Proceedings, and on the Works executed by them under this Act, and the State of the Harbour, shall be annually furnished by them to the Board of Trade.

And whereas it may be doubted whether the Public Works Loan Commissioners are ' empowered to make, and Harbour Authorities to obtain from them. Loans for Harbours (in the Isle of Man, under and according to the Provisions of The Harbours and Passing e Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, and it is expedient to preclude such Doubt:' Therefore, the following Provision shall take effect i

7. Part I. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, and any Enactments amending it, shall extend to the Isle of Man.

8. From

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 86. 363

8. From and after the passing of this Act Sections Six and Seven of the Act of the Transfer of Session of the Twenty-thira and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Fifty-six), ^ralty°to " to make further Provision for Improvements in the Harbours of the Isle of Man? shall Board of Trade, be read as if the Board of Trade were named in those Sections instead of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing his Office.

9. ' Whereas by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the several 6 Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man, and by another Act passed in the Fifty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal 6 the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, fot repairing, amending, and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man,

and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof and for giving further Powers to the Commissioners appointed under the said Act, the Commissioners therein named, and who are the same who in the present Act are called the Commissioners," are empowered to make certain Byelaws, Orders, and Regulations with respect to the Harbours of the Isle of Man, and to annex certain Penalties: And whereas it is desirable to make the Recovery of such Penalties more speedy and summary Be it enacted, That all such Penalties shall be recoverable in the Court of the Water Bailiff of the Isle of Man by Suit brought in the Name of the Attorney General or of the Receiver General of the said Island, or of the Harbour Master of the Harbour or Place where the Offence may have been committed; and that any Appeal from any Judgment of the Water Bailiff in such Case shall be to the Staff of Government of the Island, whose Judgment thereon shall be final and conclusive.

10. This Act may be cited as The Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863.

Penalties to be recoverable in Court of Water Bailiff, &c.

11 G. 3. c. 52. 54 G. 3. c. 143.

Appeals to be to the Staff of Government of the Island.

[Short Title.]

SCHEDULE.

HARBOUR DUES.

First

Column.

s. d.

For every Vessel of the Burden of Five Tons or upwards, per Ton - 0 3

In addition to the Entrance Dues above named there shall be paid for every Vessel of the Burden of Five Tons or upwards, laid up or lying in the Harbour longer than Fourteen Days, if between the First of October in One Year and the First of June in the next Year, for every additional Period of Ten Days, per Ton - - 0 1

If so laid up or lying between the First of June and the First of October in the same Year, then for every additional Period of Ten Days, per Ton - - -02

Second Column. s. d. 0 4

0 1

0 2

REGULATIONS.

1. The above Dues are to be paid for every Vessel for each Time of entering the Harbour.

2. The Owner of a Vessel under the Burden of Thirty Tons may compound for the Dues for the Herring Fishing Season for the Sum of Two Pounds, or for the whole Year for the Sum of Three Pounds, or from the First of October in any One Year to the First of June in the next Year for the Sum of One Pound, in each Case payable in advance.

The Owner of a Vessel of Thirty Tons or upwards and under Fifty Tons may compound for the Dues for the Herring Fishing Season for the Sum of Four Pounds, or for the whole Year for the Sum of Six Pounds, in either Case payable in advance.

3. For every Vessel windbound, and not discharging Cargo in the Harbour, One Half only of the aforesaid Dues is to be leviable.

4. Steam Vessels are to pay the same Dues as Sailing Vessels.

Zz 2 5. The

m

After 20th Nov. 1868 the Acts amd Fart* of Acta specified ui Schedule tothig Act, i marked A. re* pealed.

Not to invalidate Appointments, &c. under former Acts.

Proviso as to certain Saving* Banks in Soot* land established under 59 G. 8. c. 62. '

What Jnstitu- ' tions shall be entitled to the Privileges and Benefits of thl* Act.

26" & 27" VJCfPORTiE, c. 86, 87.

5. The Tonage of Vessels is to be ascertained according to The Merchant Shipping'Act,

1854, and the amending Acts, and in the Case of British Vessels is to be the registered Tonnage. 1

6. A Vessel for which Dues have been paid, being obliged, from Stress of Weather ofc other sufficient Cause, after leaving the Harbour to return within Twenty^four Hours with the same Cargo (if any), is not to be again liable for Dues.

7. The following Vessels are exempt from Dues; namely. Vessels of or in the Service of Her Majesty, or of any Member of the Royal Family; Vessels in the Service of the Board of Trade, Customs, or Excise, or under Seizure by Officers of Revenue, or in the Servicri of a General Lighthouse Authority (within the Meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854); Packet Boats or Post Office Packets (as defined iri any Act relating to the Post Offipe); and Yachts belonging to Members of Royal Yacht! Clubri in the United Kingdom.

8. For the Purposes of the Dues the Harbour is to be taken as comprising the whole of

Port Erin Bay included within a Line drawn from the Rock called tho Castles at the South Side of the Bay to the Rock called the Skerranes at the North Side, and the Shore of the Bay to High-water Mark at ordinary Spring Tides, 1

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. 1

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS numerous Banks for Savings have been established under the Authority, of the Acts now id force for tho safe Custody and Increase of small Savings: Arid ' whereas it is expedient to amend such Laws and to consolidate the same1 in One Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Poriiatoent assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

X. That the Act? and Parts of Acts set forth in the Schedule to, this Act marked A *, to the Extent to which, they are herein expressed, and all other Acts and Parts of Acts whijph are inconsistent with! this Act, relating to Savings Banks established uqder such Acts, aye Repealed frorii and after the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight) hundred and sixty-three, except in so far as is provided by the last Section of this Act ,; Ejovid^d uqvci?-theless, that nothing herein contained shall invalidate or annul ?ny Payments, Receipt?, qr Appointments made, or Proceedings had, or Bonds or Securities takpn, or entered into, , or Drafts, Powers of Attorney, Certificates, Orders, or other Instruments whritsoeyerexpcUtpo, under the Authority of any of the said Acts or Parts of Acts hereby; repealed.y.^i^yided also, that the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of Bpigp of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Protection of Bttftks for Savings in Scotian q, shall continue in force as to all Savings Banks established under it beforp , the passing of this Act, Unless and until they shall conform tp and he established upder the l^royisiops of this Act., .

2. And whereas it is expedient to give Protecrio* to such Savings Barikfe already ristri- blifehridas aforesaid and the Funds thereof, and to afford Encouragement to thi Formation f and Establishment of like Institutions:' Be it therefore enacted, That if any Nutfiberof Persons have formed or shall form any Society in any Part of the United Kingdom of Orient Britain and Ireland for the Purpose of establishing and maintaining any Institution in the Nature of a Bank to receive Deposits Of Money for the Benefit of the Persons depositing the same, to accumulate the Produce of so much thereof as shall ndt be required by the Depositors, their Executors, or Administrators ', at Compound Interest, and to retufri the whole or any Part of such Deposit and the Produce thereof to the Depositors/titbit* Exc'-cptors or Administrators (deducting out of sbob Produce so* much as shall be required for I i: the

&65

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

the? neccgaaty Expenses attending the Ma&agement of such Institution), but deriving no Benefit whatsoever from any such Deposit or the Produce thereof, and shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Provisions of this Act, such Persons shall cause the Rules and Regulations established or to be established for the Management of such Institution to be entered> deposited, and filed in manner herein-after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act: Provided always, that the Privilege of paying Money into the Banks of England or Ireland, Und of receiving Receipts for the same, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be extended to all such Savings Banks as may have formed or may hereafter form their Roles and Regulations according to the Provisions of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of such Savings Banks respectively to invest any Funds already accumulated by Such Savings Banks, and which shall not have been invested at the Time of the passing of this Act, and to receive Receipts for the same in manner authorized by this Act: Provided nevertheless, that no such Savings Bank to be hereafter formed shall have or be entitled to the Benefits of the Provisions in this Act contained, unless the Formation of the same shall have been sanctioned and approved of by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or on their Behalf by the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners.

3. No such Savings Bank as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act unless the Rules and Regulations for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be v kept by an Officer of such Savings Bank to be appointed for that Purpose, and which Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times for the Inspection of the Persons making Deposits in the Funds of such Savings Bank. IBut, nevertheless, nothing herein contained sh^U extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of any such Rules or Regulations, or repealing or annulling the same or any of them in the whole or in part, or making any mw Rules or Regulations for the Management of such Savings Bank in such Manner Why ithP Rules and Regulations of such Savings Bank shall from Time to Time be provided; but sutett new Rules or Regulations, or such Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules or Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rule or Regulation in the whffll© or in part, shall not be in force until the same respectively shall be entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid.

J 4i 'fVp written of printed Copies of all Rules or Alterations of Rules made for the 'Management of any Savings Bank requiring the Benefits of this Act, signed by Two Trustees, Shall With all convenient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, 'afidsb from Time to, Time after every making, altering, or amending thereof, be submitted by the TVgstees and [Managers for the Time bein<* of such Savings Bank to the Barrister-tit-LaV ^pointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the ^Purpose of ascertaining w hether , the Said Rules, or Alterations or Amendments thereof, are ih conformity to L{iw and with the Provisions of this Act; and the said Barrister shall give !a Certificate Ch each of the said written or printed Copies t^hat the same are in conformity to TJa4, or pdiirt out in What Part or Parts the said Rules, Alterations, or Amendments arc Tcpiignant thereto; and the Fee to be paid to such Barrister for perusing the Rules, Alteration ^, br Amendments of the Rules oi such Savings Bank, and giving such Certificate as itFbrcsaid; shall not at any One Time exceed the Sum of One Guinea; and One of quch written or printed Copies, when certified by the said Barrister, shall be returned to the TrusteCfr of the said Savings Bank, syod the other of such written or printed Copies shall be .transmitted by suqh Barrister to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; iand all Rules, Alterations, and Amendments thereof from the Time when the 6&me shall <havp> been certified by the said Banister shall be binding on the Trustees, Managers, and Officers of the said Savings Bank and the Depositors therein, and their Representatives, and the Copy of such Rules deposited with the Said Commissioners, or a true Copy thereof examined with the Original and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of s#ph, Rjulep respectively in all Gases, and no Certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove ^nyi sqpbl Buies into (any of Her Majesty's Cotirts of Record; provided that liothing herein pqnjtaiflp^hall W construed to require any Rule snaking aftyAlteration in the Days or mji Hours

No new Banks to be formed unless approved by Commissioners of National Debt.

Rules of Savings Bank to be entered in a Book and be open to the Inspection of Depositors.

Not to prevent Alterations of Rules.

Alterations to be entered in like Manner.

Two written of printed Copies of Rules, &e. to be submitted to Barrister for his Certificate.

Fee payable to Barrister.

Barrister to return one Copy to . Savings Bank and transmit the other Copy to Commissioners.

As to Title of Savings Banks certified under this Act Penalty on using or adopting Titles of other Banks.

No Savings Bank, subject to Proviso herein-after contained with respect to Branch Offices, &c., shall have Benefit of this Act unless in ltules, &c. it shall be expressly provided as herein specified.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

Honrs of Attendance at any such Savings Bank as aforesaid to be laid before such Barrister,

5. Every Savings Bank established or to be established under the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts or this Act shall be certified under the Provisions of this Act by the Title of " Savings Bank, certified under the Act of 1863 and if any other Bank, Association, or Company, or any other Person, shall use or adopt such Title as their or his Designation, or in carrying on Business, the Members of every such Association or Company, or any of them, or any such Person respectively, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and on Conviction thereof shall be punishable accordingly.

6. No Savings Bank, subject to the Proviso herein-after contained with respect to the Branch Offices or Local Receivers of any Savings Bank, shall have the Benefit of this Act unless in the Rules and Regulations for the Management thereof it shall be expressly provided, —

]. That no Person or Persons being Treasurer, Trustee, or Manager of such Savings Bank, or having any Control in the Management thereof, shall derive any Benefit from any Deposit made in such Savings Bank, save only and except such Salaries and Allowances, or other necessary Expenses as shall according to such Rules and Regulations be provided for the Charges of managing such Savings Bank, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, Manager or Managers, or other Persons having Direction in the Management of such Savings Bank, who shall not directly or indirectly have any Salary, Allowance, Profit, or Benefit whatsoever therefrom beyond their actual Expenses for the Purposes of such Saying Bank:

2 That not less than Two Persons, being either Trustees, Managers, or paid Officers appointed for that specific Purpose, and where Two only, except in the Case of Savings Banks which are open for more than Six Hours in every Week, One such Person to be a Trustee or Manager, be present on all Occasions of public Business, and be Parties to every Transaction of Deposit and Repayment, so as to form at least a double Check on every such Transaction with Depositors:

3. That the Depositor's Pass Book shall be compared with the Ledger on every Transaction of Repayment, and on its First Production at the Bank after each Twentieth Day of November:

4. That every Depositor in a Savings Bank established under this Act shall once at least in every Year cause his Deposit Book to be produced at the Office of the said Savings Bank for the Purpose of being examined:

5. That no Money be received from or paid to Depositors except at the Office or Branch

Offices where the Business of the Savings Bank is carried on under the Authority of the Board of Managers, and during the usual Hours for public Business:

6. That a Public Accountant or One or more Auditors be appointed by the Trustees and

Managers, but not out of their own Body, to examine the Books of the Bank, and to report in Writing to the Board or Committee of Management the Result of such Audit, not less than once in every Half Year, also to examine an extracted List of the Depositors Balances made up every Year'to the Twentieth Day of November, and to certify as to the correct Amount of the Liabilities and Assets of the Bank:

7. That a Book containing such extracted List of every Depositor's Balance, omitting the

Name but giving the distinctive Number and separate Amount of each, and showing the aggregate Number and Amount of the whole, checked and certified by such Public Accountant or Auditors, be open at any Time during the Hours of public Business for the Inspection of every Depositor as respects his own Account, to examine his own Deposit Book therewith, and the general Results of the same:

8. That the Trustees and Managers or Committee of Management shall hold Meetings

once at least in every Half Year, and shall keep Minutes of their Proceedings in a separate Book provided for that Purpose:

9. Provided

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 87.

9. Provided that where Savings Banks are established with Agents or Local Receivers elsewhere than at the Head Office, the Rules shall provide for the due Receipt of and accounting for all Monies by such Agents or Local Receivers on account of Such Savings Banks respectively, and also for the Presence of a Second Party in every Transaction when Money is paid or received, and also for the periodical Examination of the Depositors Books with the Ledger once at the least in every Tear.

7. The Trustees and Managers of every Savings Bank shall transmit weekly Returns to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in such Form and giving such Particulars as the said Commissioners may direct, showing the Amounts of the Week's Transactions of such Savings Bank, and the Aonount of the Cash Balances remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, or any other Person on account of such Savings Bank.

6. Every Treasurer, Actuary, or Cashier who shall be intrusted with the Receipt or Custody of any Sum of Money subscribed or deposited for the Purpose of such Savings Bank, or any Interest or Dividend from Time to Time accruing therefrom, and every Officer or other Person receiving any Salary or Allowance for his Services from the Funds of any Savings Bank, (except in the Cases of Supernumerary Assistants employed at the Periods of balancing the Accounts,) unless he shall already have given good and sufficient Security, shall give good and sufficient Security, to be approved of by not less than Two Trustees and Three Managers of such Savings Bank, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust; and such Security, when given by an Actuary or Cashier, or Officer or other Person receiving any Salary or Allowance for his Services as aforesaid, shall be given by Bond or Bonds, with One or more Sureties, to the Comptroller General of the National Debt Office foi* the Time being without Fee or Reward, and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Managers for the Time being of such Savings Bank to sue upon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of such Comptroller General for the Time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Costs and Charges and for the Use of the said Savings Bank, fully indemnifying and saving harmless such Comptroller General from all Costs and Charges in respect of such Suit, and such Bond shall, when executed, be deposited with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the said Commissioners tnay, upon Application signed by not less than Two Trustees and Three Managers, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver up to the Trustees of the Savings Bank any such Bond or Bonds which may have been or shall hereafter be deposited with them for the Purpose of being cancelled.

0. If any Actuary, Cashier, Secretary, Officer, or other Person holding any Situation or Appointment in any Savings Bank, shall receive any Sum or Sums of Money from or on account of any Depositor or Person desirous of becoming such, or on account of such Savings Bank, and shall not forthwith, or in the Case of Local Receivers acting 6n behalf of any Savings Bank within the Time specified in the Rules of the said Savings Bank, duly account for and pay over the same to the Trustees or Managers thereof, or to such Person as may be directed by the Rules of the said Savings Bank, such Actuary, Cashier, Secretary, Officer, or Local Receiver, or other Person as aforesaid, on being convicted thereof shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

10. All Monies, Goods, Chattels, and Effects whatever, and all Securities for Money, or Other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments and all other Effects whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Savings Bank, shall be vested in the Trustee or Trustees of such Savings Bank for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Savings Bank and the respective Depositors therein, their respective Executors or Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interests, and after the Death or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, shall vest in the succeeding Trustee or Trustees for the same Estate and Interest as the former Trustee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the same Trusts, without any Assignment or Conveyance whatever, and also shall, for all Purposed of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching! or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding

307

Proviso with respect to Branch Offices and Local Receivers of Banks.

Weekly Returns to be made by Savings Banks to the Commissioners.

Treasurer and other Officers intrusted with Receipt or Custody of Money to give Security.

Punishment of Actuary, &c. receiving Deposits and not paying over same to Managers, & c.

Effects of Savings Bank vested in Trustees for the Time being.

m

Liability of Trustees, &c.

Power to Trustees and Managers of Savings Banks in Ireland to limit such lie-sponsibility.

Treasurer and Trustees, &c. to account and deliver up Effects when required.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

Proceeding (where necessary) be stated to be, the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Trustee or Trustees of such Sayings Bank for the Time being in his, her, or their proper Name or Names, without further Description, and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid, of or belonging to, or had by such Savings Bank; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may in all Cases concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid of such Savings Bank sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in his or their proper Name or Names as Trustee or Trustees of such Savings Bank, without other Description; and no such Suit, Action, or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the same, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding, and such succeeding Trustee or Trustees shall pay or receive like Costs as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his or their Name or Names for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Savings Bank.

11. No Trustee or Manager of any Savings Bank (subject to the Provision herein-after contained in respect to Savings Banks in Ireland) shall be personally liable, except —

1. For Monies actually received by him on account of or for the Use of such Savings

Bank, and not paid over and disposed of in the Manner directed by the Roles of the Savings Bank:

2. For Neglect or Omission in complying with the Rules and Regulations required by

this Act to be adopted as herein-before is provided in the Maintenance of Checks, the Audit and Examination of Accounts, the holding of Meetings and keeping Minutes of Proceedings thereat:

3. And also for Neglect or Omission in taking Security from Officers as is herein-before

provided.

12. Any Trustee or Manager of a Savings Bank in Ireland who has declared or shall declare in Writing under his Hand deposited with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, that he is willing to be answerable for a specific Amount only, such Amount being in no Case less than One hundred Pounds, shall not be liable to make good any Deficiency which may thereafter arise in the Funds of such Savings Bank beyond the Amount specified in such Writing; provided always, that the Trustee and Manager of every Savings Bank in Ireland shall be personally liable for all Monies actually received by him on account of or to and for the Use of such Savings Bank, and not paid over and disposed of in the Manner directed by the Rules of the said Savings Bank; and an Extract of this Provision shall be enrolled as One of the Rules of every such Savings Bank in Ireland, and printed and affixed in every Office or Place where Deposits are received, with the Names and Places of Residence of the Trustees and Managers for the Time being, and the Amount (if any) to which they have collectively or individually limited their Responsibility.

13. Every Person who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects, or Funds of or belonging to any Savings Bank availing itself of the Provisions of this Act, or who shall in any Manner have been or shall be intrusted with the Disposition, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities, Books or Papers, or Property relating to the same, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order of not less than Two Trustees and Three Managers of such Savings Bank, or at any General Meeting of the Trustees or Managers thereof, give in his or their Account or Accounts to the said Trustees or Managers, or to such General Meeting of such Savings Bank, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated to receive the same, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by the said Trustees or Managers respectively, and shall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property in his or their Hands or Custody to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or Mana^p

26" & 2?" ViGTOBfl JC, 36$

A

shall appoint, and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such Securities, Effects, Funds, Books, Papers, or Property in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees of such Savings Bank for the Time being to exhibit a Petition to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, for the County, Riding, Division, or Place wherein such Savings Bank shall be established, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just, which Order shall be final and conclusive, and all Assignments, Sales, and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

14. If any Person already appointed or who may hereafter be appointed to any Office in Executors, &c. a Savings Bank, and being intrusted with the keeping of the Accounts, or having in his of Officers of Hands or Possession by virtue of his said Office or Employment any Monies or Effects topa^Money8 belonging to such Savings Bank, or any Deeds or Securities relating to the same, shall die, due to Savings or become a Bankrupt or Insolvent, or have any Execution or Attachment or other Process ^fore issued against his Lands, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, or make any Assignment thereof for the Benefit of his Creditors, his Executors, Administrators, or Assignees, or other Persons

having legal Right, or the Sheriff or other Officer executing such Process, shall, within Forty Days after Demand made by Two of the Trustees of the said Savings Bank as aforesaid, deliver and pay over all Monies and other Things belonging to such Savings Bank to such Person as the said Trustees shall appoint, and shall pay out of the Estates,

Assets, or Effects of such Person all Sums of Money remaining due, which such Person received by virtue of his said Office or Employment, before any other of his Debts are paid or satisfied, or before the Money directed to be levied by such Process as aforesaid is paid over to the Party issuing such Process, and all such Assets, Lands, Goods,

Chattels, Estates, and Erects shall be bound to the Payment and Discharge thereof accordingly.

15. The several Sums of Money belonging to any Savings Bank which the Trustees of Trustee* of such Savings Bank respectively are authorized to invest under this Act or under any Rules

or Regulations of any such Savings Banks shall, except as herein-after is excepted, be paid Mone/hfthe into and invested in the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland* as the Case may require. Banks of Eng-in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, according to ^e^ld

the Provisions of this Act enabling such Trustees to make Investments in the Names of the ^er°Seairi^ said Commissioners, and no such Sum or Sums shall be paid or laid out by the Trustees of such Savings Bank in any other Manner or upon any other Security whatever, except as aforesaid, and except such Sums of Money as from Time to Time shall necessarily remain in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of such Savings Bank to answer the Exigencies thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall restrain or prevent any Not to prevent Depositor, or any Trustee or Trustees acting on behalf of any Depositor or Depositors of D.etP^itor.8 any Friendly Society, or any Charitable or Provident Institution or Society, or Penny J£eir Mey Savings Bank, from withdrawing from any such Savings Bank any Sum or Sums of Money from Savings which shall have been deposited by such Depositor, Friendly Society, Charitable or Provi- Banks for.In* dent Institution or Society, or Penny Savings Bank, and investing the same in any other other^Sectrri-Securities: Provided always, that the Trustees of any Savings Bank already established, or tie *, which shall take the Benefit of this Act in manner herein-before provided, shall be and they Trustee* em-are hereby empowered to pay into the Bank of England or Ireland (as the Case may be) powered to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the of^andor8 Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Trus- Ireland any tees of such Savings Bank, or any Two or more of them, that such Monies belong exclu- Sum no*le8S sively to the Savings Bank for which such Payment is intended to be made, whether such Account of the Monies shall have been deposited therein before the passing of this Act or thereafter shall Commissioners be deposited therein, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Banks of England and Ireland f?r the Reduc-respectively are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the same into the N^omU Debt Account raised in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Banks of England ani. Ireland respectively, denominated " The Fund for the Banks for Savings:"

26 & 27 VICT. 3 A Provided

Previous to Payments an Order of Two Trustees to be produced.

Not to prevent Trustees from receiving Money to be applied in any other Manner.

Central Banks may invest the Money of Branch Banks.

Penalties on false Declaration to obtainj Receipts.

How Monies paid in on Savings Banks Account are to be invested by Commissioners.

Quorum of Commissioners.

On Payment of Money into the Bank to the Account of National Debt Commissioners, their Officer shall give a Receipt for the same, carrying Interest at Si. 5*. per Cent, per Annum.

20" & 27° VICTORIA, c. 87.

Provided nevertheless, that previous to any Payment being made into the Banks of England or Ireland as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying for that Purpose shall in all Cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their Office in London or Dublin (as the Case may be), an Order under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of sudi Savings Bank on the Account of which such Payment is to be made.

16. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Trustees of any Savings Bank already established or to be established receiving any Sum or Sums of Money from any Depositor for any Purpose except to be paid into the Bank to the Account of the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, and it shall be lawful for such Trustees to apply any such Sum or Sums of Money in any other Manner for the Benefit of the several Depositors according to the Rules and Regulations of such Savings Banks respectively, anything in the said hereby repealed Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

17. In Cases where any Savings Banks have been or shall be established in any Town or Place, and other smaller Banks have been or shall be established in the Neighbourhood of such Town or Place, as Branch Banks thereof, and such Branch Banks by their Treasurers have paid or shall pay any Sums into the Bank in any such Town or Place as a Central Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees of any such Central Bank, or any Two of them, to pay into the Bank of England or Ireland in manner prescribed by this Act, along with the Monies belonging to such Central Bank, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to and on account of any such Branch Bank; Provided always, that the Treasurer of such Branch Banks shall certify to the Treasurer of such Central Bank that the Amount contributed by any One Depositor in any such Branch Bank in any One Year does not exceed the Limit of Deposits authorized by this Act.

18. If any Order ot Declaration produced to the said Officer for the Purpose of paying Monies into the Banks of England or Ireland to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid shall contain any Matter or Thing which be false or untrue, then and in every such Case the Bum so paid shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners.

10. The said Commissioners shall cause all the Monies paid into the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, and placed to their Account in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to be invested from Time to Time in their Names and to be carried to the Account herein before provided, unde* such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, in the Purchase of Bank Annuities or Exchequer Bills or Parliamentary Securities of Whatsoever Kind created or issued or which may hereafter be created or issued under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Literest on which Provision is made by Parliament, or any Stock or Debenture or other Securities expressly guaranteed by Authority of Parliament, and the Interest which shall from Time to Time arise and become due thereon shall in like Manner be invested in the Purchase of such Government Annuities or Exchequer Bills or Securities aforesaid.

20. It shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being to execute and do all Matters and Things which the said Commissioners are required or empowered to do in the Execution of this Act

21* From and after the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three all Receipts issued prior to that Day to the Trustees of Savings Banks established under the said hereby repealed Acts by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall carry Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum; and from and after the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, upon the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money into the Banks of England or Ireland to the Account of the said Commissioners by the Trustees of any Savings Bank established under the said hereby repealed Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners in that Behalf, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, to issue, upon every such Payment being made> a Receipt, signed by One of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or Ireland, as the Case may be, for the Amount of such Payment, carrying Interest

at

371

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

at the like Bate of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum from the Day of such Payment inclusive, payable with the Principal at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively whenever the same shall be required or drawn for! in manner directed by this Act, and such Beoeipt shall be dated on the Day on which the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be made respectively, and every such Receipt shall be in such Form as shall be from Time to Time directed by the said Commissioners, and the Principal and Interest of all Sums mentioned in any Receipt shall be charged and chargeable upon, and the same are hereby charged and made payable out of, all or any Monies standing in any Account in the Names of the said Commissioners, or out of any Monies produced by the Sale of any Stock, or Annuities, Funds, or Exchequer Bills or other Securities standing in their Names in the Books of the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that no fractional Part less than One Penny shall be allowed or paid as Interest upon the Principal Sum contained in any Receipt issued under the Provisions of this Act.

22* All Interest which shall become due and payable upon any Sum of Money mentioned in any such Receipt upon the Twentieth Day of November and the Twentieth Day of May in every Year next after the Date of any such Receipt shall be from Time to Time calculated and computed by the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall in each and every Year be placed to the Credit of the Savings Bank on whose Account any such Sum of Money was paid within Six Weeks from such Twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May respectively, and shall be carried to and written on the Account of such Savings Bank, and shall become Principal, and shall from thenceforth carry Interest as Principal Money paid into the said Bank of England or Ireland, as the Case may be, on the Account of such Savings Bank; and a Receipt according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall approve shall be signed by the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall be issuable by the said Officer half-yearly within Sixty Days from and after such Twentieth Day of November and Twentieth Day of May respectively (and such Receipts shall bear Date the Twenty-first Day of November and Twenty-first Day of May respectively) for the Amount of such Interest so credited and made Principal as aforesaid as if the Amount thereof had been a Payment made by the Trustees of such Savings Bank to the Account of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Interest shall be computed or calculated on any fractional Part of a Pound of the half-yearly Balance standing in the Books of the said Commissioners on account of any Savings Bank on any Twentieth Day of November or Twentieth Day of May respectively.

23. It shall be lawful for the Trustees and Managers of any such Savings Bank, if they shall so think fit, to direct that all Interest which shall be payable to the Depositors in such Savings Bank shall yearly, or twice in each and every Year, be calculated and computed by the Trustees of such Savings Bank, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be carried to the Credit of such Depositors respectively, and shall become Principal, and shall from thenceforth carry Interest in all respects as other Principal Money deposited in the said Banks, or as if the said Sum of Interest so credited to the said Depositors respectively had actually been paid to the said Depositors, and by them repaid to the said Trustees and Managers, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that from and after the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the Interest payable to Depositors by the Trustees and Managers of any Savings Banks shall not exceed the Bate of Three Pounds and Tenpence per Centum per Annum.

24* Before Trustees of any Savings Bank shall make any Order or Draft for Payment by the said Commissioners of any Sum or Sums of Money under this Act, the Trustees of such Savings Bank shall make, give, sign, and execute an Appointment under the Hands and Seals of not less than Two of such Trustees, and the Execution of which shall be attested by Two Managers of the same Savings Bank, empowering and authorizing some Person or Persons named in such Appointment to be Agent or Agents for receiving all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as such Trustees shall from Time to Time require to be paid by such Commissioners, and every euoh Appointment shall be produced

Interest due on Money mentioned in Receipt to be calculated half-yearly up to 20th November and 20th May and carried to Account of Savings Bank as additional Principal.

No Interest to be allowed on any fractional Partofa Pound.

Interest arising to Depositors may be calculated yearly or twice a Year and carried to their Credit as Principal.

Interest to Depositors not to exceed 3/. Os. 10(/. per Cent, per Annum.

Before drawing for Money Trustees shall sign Appointment of Agent to receive the same, which Appointment shall be deposited with Commissioners.

m

Appointments maybe t evoked and others1 granted from Time to Time.

Trustees may draw for the whole or any Part of any Sum placed to their Account by Drafts on Commissioners, which shalVbe endorsed by 11 their Officer and paid with; thpliferest added thereto by Cashier of the Bank.

Draft exceeding !f, brtor. to ', be signed by

20° & m VICTORIAE, A.M.

by dr on behalf of the Pefcflon 'dr Persons tatted thchreihto the 'Oflfifcer of the B&d Gdtnmid-'fcioabfis !Fourteen Day# atleast before Ae Payment' of: any Sam or Suinsiof Money on account Of such Savings 'Bank; and such Appointment ' shall remain deposited' in the Office of the said Commissioners; and every such Appointment shall be maldo in stifch Fortm and under tfnch Regulations as shall from Time to Time be directed or Tefcjdwed or= approved Of by the said! Cottiirriesioners ot their Officer: Provided always, that it shall be* lawful for the Trustees of any Savings; Bank by whom any such Appointment shall be made, given, signed, And executed, or for the Survivors oT Survivor of ^uoh Trasteefe, to redoke each Appointment by any Certificate or other Instrument under the Hands; and Seale or Hand and Seal of such Trustees or Trustee attested by Two Managers of such Savings .Bank* and, in such Form and under such, Regulatiops as shall be directed or jcpqnir^d* or approved of by, the said Commissioners or their Officer; and in case of the Decease of qvqry suATViistee^ except One it shall be lawful for the surviving Trustee, together with any other Trustee or Trustees, being not less than Two, of the said Savings Bank, and in case of the Decease of all such Trustees, or in ca^e all such Trustees shall decline or refuse to act, it shall be, lawful for not less than Two Other Trustees of the said Savings Bank from Time to Time to make, give, and execute an Appointment in manner aforesaid re-appointing the Person or Persons named in such Appointment, or any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, to be the Agent or Agents of such Trustees, and every such Certificate or instrument of Revocation and cveryAuCh new Appointment shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners by the 'Person Or Persons narinid in such iiew A^poiritotteilt fourteen Day's at least before the Payment of any 'Sum Or 3umk of Money fo the Pefsoh ot Persons named in such new Appointment, and shall remain deposited in Ae Office of Audi

Officer .; : n:

' - - *: I.

, 25. It shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Savings Bank from Time to Time (by any Draft or Order in Writing under the Hands-of ony, Two Trustees of such Savings Bank, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers or by any Two credible Witnesses, according to such Form as the said Commissioner for the Reduction of the National DeVt shall from Time to Time direct,) to require that the; whole or nay Part of the Prinfcipal Sum or Sums of Money standing in the Books of the said Commissioners ty the Credit of the Trustees of such Savings Bank shall be paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees; shall from Time to, Time require, being the Agent or Agents named in some Appointment exeei/tod under {this Act or the said hereby repealed Acts, and lodged with the Officers of the said Commissioners as herein-before mentioned and then, remaining .ip fpree, and every; such Draft or Order shall be addressed to the said Commissioners, and upon the same being produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners the said C/mcpjr shall, within Five Days after the Production thereof, r upon the Back of such Draft or Order indorse and sign an Order in such Form as shall from. Time to Time be direcf^l nnd required by the said Commissioners for the Payment of thejSum mentioned in the D^aft pr Order of such Trustees, together with the Amount of all Interest due on such Sum jip to the Day immediately preceding the Day of the Date of the* Order of such Officer, and which Order of such Officer previously to the issuing thereof shall be entered and counteiJ-signed by the Clerk or other prpper Officer making s?uch Entry, and shall be addressed to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or Irdayd, as the Casp may be, and such Cashiers or One of them shall, upon the Production of $uch Order,; pay the Sum mentioned therein to the Person, or Persons mentioned in the Draft orj Order of the said Trustees, and the Signature of such Person or Persons, jointly or severally, shall Jbe a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners and to the said Governors and Company respectively^ and all Payments made in pursuance of such Draft or Order respectively shall be deemed and taken to be Payments made by the said Commissioners to the Dmsteps of such Savings Ranks respectively according to the numerical Order and Priority, of Date In which the original Receipts or Money deposited on account of such Savings Bankp respectively shall havje been issped to the Trustees thereof respectively in manher, herein-before mentioned. ' ' , pn'" *' 1

- ': r ! *' »> v ... v* > J -»- -''1 '? vm; i', .* // - r. i 11 w I /

\ 2J Whenever the Sum tohe drawn for by the Trustees; off any *livings Bunkfishall exceed Five thousand Pounds, the Draft or Order for that Purprisc'Aall he aigAed iky* opt

d '1 less

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

leas 'than Four such Trustees, and the Signature of each and every of the said Four Trustees shall he separately attested by at least One Manager of such Savings Bank, or some One other credible Pereon; and any Manager or other Person attesting the Signature of any One; of the said Four Trustees, shall not be an attesting Witness to the Signature of any other of such Four Trustees: Provided also, that whenever the Sum or Sums drawn for by One or more Orafbs by the Trustees of any Savings Bank, or by the Trustees of any Friendly Society, shall exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, the Amount of such Draft or Drafts fif more than One) shall not be payable by the Officer of the said Commissioners untiL the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after the Day when the Draft or Drafts for such Sum or Sums shall he produced to the said Officer.

27. Such Officer shall be and he is hereby restrained from issuing any Order or Orders far Payment as aforesaid, bearing the same Date, upon any One Day, on account of the same Saving^1 Bank, exceeding in Amount the Principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, anything herem-tefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

38. la case any One or more Trustee or Trustees of any Savings Bank, who shall have made, given, [signed, and executed any such Appointment, shall at any Time appear in Person at the (Office of the said Commissioners in England or Ireland respectively, and require Payment of any Sum j or Sums of Money which might be required by the Person or Personsi authorized to receive the same by such Appointments* or if any Trustee or Trustees of any Savings Bank shall appear in Person where no Appointment shall have been mafie, !and if such Trustee or Trustees so appearing shall produce a Draft or Order signed, by any Two or more Trustees of such Savings Bank far any Sum under Five thousand Pounds, or by any Four or more Trustees for Sums exceeding Five thousand Pounds, no such Trustee or Trustees being himself or themselves a Party or Parties who signed such Draft or Order, and if the Identity of the Person of the Trustee or Trustees so appearing shall be ascertained to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or their Officer, it shall be lawful for the said Officer to direct Payment to be made to such Trustee or Trustees so appearing, of any Sum or Sums required to be paid by such Order or Draft, in like Manner as if the Person or Persons authorized by such Appointment to receive the same *had required such Payment, anything herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that notwithstanding the Payment made to such Trustees or Trustee appearing in Person on the Appointment of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the Appointment shall remain in full Force and Virtue until revoked by the Trustees, as herein-before mentioned.

20. Pn all Cases where the Joint Stock or Property of any Savings Bank arising from Deposit? made under the said hereby repealed Acts or this Act shall, from and after the -lyentaeth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, be increased by the interest received beyond the Kate of Interest payable to the Depositors by the Rules and Regulations of such Savings Bank, or by any other Means, the said Trustees or (Managers of such Savings Bank, after deducting all such Expenses as they may deem proper, shall, within Six Months after the Twentieth Day of November in each Year, ascertain, certify, and pay over to the said Commissioners the Amount of such increased Sto^k and Property, reserving such Portion as may appear necessary to meet current Expenses^ and the Amount of such Surplus which sfiall be ascertained, certified, and paid over (after such Deduction as aforesaid) shall be discharged from the Account of such Sayings Bank standing in the Books of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall keep a separate and distinct Account of such Surplus so discharged from the Account of the said Savings Banks respectively as aforesaid, and apply the same in such Manner and under such Regulations from Time to Time as any other Monies under the Provisions of this Act , : Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Managers of the said respective Savings Banks, for the Purposes of such Savings Banks respectively, to claim and receive of and from the said Commissioners (who are hereby required to pay the same upon such Certificate as they may appoint) all or any Part of the Principal Monies which may have been already or may be hereafter so discharged from the Account Uf buoh ' Shvings Banks respectively as aforesaid under the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts ct df.lhis* Aupt*, <; I f

30. In

373

Four Trustees and attested by separate Witnesses.

Draft for 10,000l. not to be paid until after 14 Days.

Officer not to issue in One Day Orders for more than 10,000l. for the same Bank.

Trustees appearing in Person may receive Payments of Drafts, instead of their Agents.

Such Receipt oi Money by Trustees not to affect any previous Appointment of Agents.

From 20th Nov. 1863, Surplus to be paid over to Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Trustees of Savings Banks may upon a Certificate draw on such Surplus Fund for the Purposefl of the Savings Banks.

374 26" & 27° VICTORIA c. 87.

How Deposits 80. In case the Trustees or Managers of any Savings Bank shall receive or shall have be m^and7 rece*ve(* my Deposit of Money from or for the Benefit of any Person under the Age of paid!* 6 aD Twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Managers of such Savings Bank to pay such Person his or her Share and Interest in the Funds of such Savings Bank, and the Receipt of such Person shall be a sufficient Discharge, notwithstanding his or her Incapacity or Disability in Law to act for himself or herself.

How Deposits by married Women may be made and paid.

3I« It shall be lawful for the Trustees and Managers of any Savings Bank to pay any Sum of Money in respect of any Deposit already made or to be made by married Women, or by Women who may marry after such Deposit, to any such Woman, unless the Husband of such Woman shall give to such Trustees or Managers Notice in Writing of his Marriage with such Woman, and shall require Payment to be made to him *

How Funds of Charitable Societies, &c. and Penny Savings Banks may be invested.

82. It shall be lawful for the Trustees or Treasurers of any Charitable or Provident Institution or Society, or Charitable Donation or Bequest for the Maintenance, Education, or Benefit of the Poor, or of any Penpy Savings Bank within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ to invest, with the Approval of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt or the Comptroller General acting under them, and under such Regulations as shall be prescribed by them in that respect, the Funds of such Institution or Society, without Restriction as to Amount, into the Funds of any Savings Bank established under the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts or of this Act, and also without such Approval of the said Commissioners to invest from Time to Time, if the Trustees and Managers of such Savings Bank shall be willing to receive the same, any Part of the Funds of such Institution or Society or Penny Savings Bank to the Amount of One hundred Pounds per Annum: Provided in such last Cases the Amount of the Sum to be invested by any such Institution or Society or Penny Savings Bank shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Three hundred Pounds in the whole, exclusive of Interest.

How Friendly 33. It shall be lawful for the Trustees or Treasurers of any Friendly Society legally

enrolled8 &c7 enro^e(l or certified in the Manner required by the Acts in force relating to Friendly

may invest. Societies, to invest any Sum of Money the Property of such Society, without Restriction as to Amount, into the Funds of any Savings Bank established under the Provisions of the said hereby repealed Acts or of this Act, and which shall be willing to receive the same,

under such Terms and Conditions as shall be specially provided for that Purpose by the

Rules, Orders, and Regulations of such Savings Bank.

Receipt of 34. The Receipt of the Treasurer, Trustee, or other Officer for the Time being of any

am^aritobl^ 8UC^ Charitable or Provident Institution or Society, Penny Savings Bank, or Friendly Society, Penny Society, for any Money paid according to the Requisition of such Treasurer, Trustee, or Savings Bank, other Officer apparently authorized to require such Payment, shall be a sufficient Discharge Sodety^deemed ^or 8ame> an(l the Savings Bank paying such Money, and the Trustees, Managers, sufficient Dis- and Officers thereof, shall not be responsible for any Misapplication or for any Want of charge. Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving Payment of such Money.

Members of 35. No Person who is or shall be a Member of any Friendly Society established or to Chariteble1 ^e established under and by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to Friendly Societies, or a Societies or Member of apy of the Charitable Institutions or Penny Savings Banks herein*before Penny Savings mentioned, shall, by reason of such Person being or becoming a Depositor in any Savings H^8to°r)isa- ank taking the Benefit of this Act, be considered as subject or liable to any Penalty, bility in those Forfeiture, or Disability declared, or expressed or intended so to be, by or in the Rules, Societies by Orders, or Regulations of such Friendly Society, Charitable Institution, or Penny Savings any8Sarin|st0 respectively, any Rules, Orders, or Regulations of such Friendly Society, Charitable

Bank under Institution, or Penpy Savings Bank made or hereafter to be made to the contrary not-this Act. withstanding: Provided also, that no Depositor shall be subject or liable to any Penalty Proviso for or Forfeiture on account of his belonging to or being interested in the Funds of any bejS^n^to Friendly Society or Charitable Institution or Penny Savings Bank deposited in the same or mSSSL any other Savings Bank.

36. No

20* & 27" VICTORIA, c. 87.

36. No Sum shall be paid into any Savings Bank by any Person or Persons by Ticket or Number or otherwise, without disclosing to the Trustees and Managers of such Savings Bank his or her Name, together with his or her Profession, Business, Occupation, Calling, and Residence, and the Trustees and Managers of every Savings Bank are hereby required to Cause the Name of such Depositor, together with his or her Profession, Business, Occupation, Calling, and Residence, to be entered in the Books of the Savings-Bank.

37. It shall be lawful for the Trustees and Managers of any Savings Bank to receive from any Person or Persons acting as Trustee or Trustees on behalf of any Depositor or Depositors, whether such Person or Persons is or are himself or themselves a Depositor or Depositors in the same or any other Savings Bank or not, any Sum or Sums not exceeding the annual Amount herein-after mentioned, provided that such Trustee or Trustees shall make such Declaration on behalf of such Depositor or Depositors, and subject to the like Conditions as by this Act is required in the Case of any Person or Persons making any Deposit on his or her own Account, and all Deposits made by any such Trustee or Trustees shall be inserted in the Books of such Savings Bank in the joint Names of such Trustees or Trustee and of the Person or Persons in whose Account such Sum shall be so deposited, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Trustee or Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Administrators of any sole Trustee or surviving Trustee, with or without the Receipt of the Person or Persons on whose Account such Sum may have been deposited, shall, provided such Account shall have been opened before the Ninth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, be a good and valid Discharge to the Trustees and Managers of the Savings Bank: Provided always, that in respect to all such Deposits made after the said Ninth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-four Repayment of the same or any Part thereof' shall not be made by the Trustees and Managers of any Savings Bank without the Receipt and Receipts of the said Trustee and the Person on whose Account such Deposit may have been made, Or the Survivor or Survivors, or the Executors or Administrators of such Survivor, whose Receipt and Receipts, either in Person or by Agent appointed by Power of Attorney, which Power of Attorney shall be valid if executed by an Infant of or exceeding the Age of Fourteen Years, shall alone be a good and valid Discharge to the said Trustees and Managers, except in Case of the Insanity or Imbecility of the Party on whose Behalf the Deposit has been made, upon Proof of which, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees and Managers, Repayment may be made to the said Trustee, and an Abstract of the above Provisions shall be enrolled as One of the Rules of all Savings Banks.

38. It shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have made any Deposit in or who shall be entitled to any Benefit from the Funds of any Savings Bank (unless such Benefit shall be derived solely as Executor, Administrator, or other personal Representative of any deceased Depositor in the same or any other Savings Bank) to make any Deposit in any other Account at the same or any other Savings Bank; and that every Person desirous of making any Deposit in any Savings Bank shall at the Time of the making the First Deposit in any Savings Bank, and at such other Time or Times as such Depositor shall be required so to do by the Trustees and Managers of any such Savings Bank, make a Declaration signed either by themselves, or in case of Infants under the Age of Seven Years by some Person to be approved by the Trustees and Managers, or by such other Person as they shall appoint, in such Form as shall be directed or approved of by the Commissioners or other proper Officer, that the Person or Persons on whose Behalf any such First Deposit shall be required to be made is not or are not entitled to any Deposit or any such subsequent Deposit in, or any Benefit from the Funds of any Savings Bank other than that into which such Deposit shall be made, or any other Funds in the said Savings Bank; and in case any such Declaration shall not be true, or if any Person shall at any Time have or hold or be possessed of any Deposit or Funds in more than One Savings Bank within the United Kingdom, except as aforesaid* every such Person shall, if in the Opinion of the BarristeT^t-LaW such Deposit was made with a fraudulent Intention, forfeit* and lose all Right and Title to any Deposit in or to any Funds of any and every such Savings Bank, and the Trustees and Managers of such Savings Bank shall and they are hereby required in

375

No Sum to be subscribed without the Name and Profession, &c. of the Depositor.

Persons allowed to deposit as Trustees on behalf of others.

How Repayment on Trust Accounts is to be made.

Depositor iri erne SavingB Bank shall not deposit in any other Sayings Bank.

Declaration to be made at the Time of Deposit

Penalty on false Declaration, Forfeiture of Deposit to the Sinking Fund.

376

Declaration shall be filed, and Notice thereof and of the Penalty attached thereto to be placed in Deposit Book.

Trustees not to receive from any One Depositor more than 30/. in any One Year, nor more than 150/. in the *hole. When Deposit and Interest amount to 200/. Interest to cease.

Not to affect Deposits of 200/. on the 28th July 1828.

Depositors not prevented from becoming new Depositors.

How Depositors may transfer their Deposits to any other Savings Bank.

Depositor dying leaving any Sum exceeding 50/., the same not to be paid until after Administration.

No Duty to be paid on Probate when the

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

such Case to close the Account of such Depositor, and to cause the Sum or Sums so forfeited to be forthwith paid into the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may be, to the Account of the Commissioners standing in the Books of the Governors and Company of the said Bank respectively under the Title of "The Account of the Commissioners for applying certain Sums of Money annually to the Reduction of the National Debt/' and the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governors and Company respectively is and are hereby required to receive all such Sums, and to place the same to the said Account, to be applied in like Manner as all other Money placed to the said Account; and every such Declaration so made shall be filed and kept and preserved by the Trustees of every such Savings Bank, and a printed Notice of such Regulation and Prohibition shall be affixed in the Office or Place appointed for the receiving of Deposits of any Savings Bank in such Form as the said Commissioners or their proper Officer shall from Time to Time direct or require or approve; and a Copy of such Declaration, with Notice of the Penalty attached thereto (if false), shall also be annexed to or printed at the Beginning of the Deposit Book.

39. It shall not be lawful for the Trustees of any Savings Bank to receive from any One present or future Depositor, within any One Year ending on the Twentieth Day of November (whether any Sum or Sums of Money had been previously withdrawn or not), any Sum or Sums exceeding in the whole Thirty Pounds, exclusive of Compound Interest, nor to receive from any Deposisor any Sum or Sums of Money whatever which shall make the Sum to which such Depositor shall be entitled exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds in the whole, exclusive of Interest as aforesaid: Provided always, that, except in the Cases herein-after provided, whenever the Sum or Sums standing in the Name of any Depositor shall amount in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, Principal and Interest included, thenceforth no Interest shall be payable on any such Deposit so long as it shall continue to amount to the said Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent the Trustees of any Savings Bank from paying Interest to any Depositor whose Deposit on the Twenty-eighth Day of Jvly One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight amounted to and has since continued to amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; nor to prevent any Depositor, having closed his or her Account in any Savings Bank, from making a Deposit in the same or any other Savings Bank, not exceeding the Limit allowed to be received in any One Year from any new Depositor.

40. If any Depositor in any Savings Bank shall desire to transfer the Amount of his Deposit to any other Savings Bank, he shall, upon Application at the Savings Bank in which his Account shall be open, be furnished with a Certificate stating the whole Amount which may be due to him, with Interest, and thereupon his Account at such Savings Bank shall be closed, and upon Delivery of such Certificate to the Trustees or Managers of the Savings Bank to which it is proposed by the Depositor to transfer such Deposit they shall forthwith, upon such Depositor s signing such Declaration as is required in the Case of a new Depositor, open an Account for the Amount stated in such Certificate for such Depositor, and the Amount stated in such Certificate shall, upon such Certificate being forwarded to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be transferred in the Books of the said Commissioners from their Account with the Trustees of the Savings Bank issuing such Certificate to the Credit of the said Commissioners Account with the Trustees of the Savings Bank receiving such Certificate; and every such Certificate for Transfer for the Purpose aforesaid shall be in such Form as is set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked B.

41. In case any Depositor in the Funds of any Savings Bank taking the Benefit of this Act shall die leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds, or any Dividends or Interest due thereon, belonging to him or her at the Time of his or her Death exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the same shall not be paid to any Person or Persons as Representative or Representatives of such Depositor but upon the Probate of the Will of the deceased Depositor, or Letters of Administration of his or her Estate and Effects: Provided always, that where the whole Estate or Effects of any such deceased Depositor, for or in respect of which any Probate or Letters of Administration respectively snail be granted.

26 & 27* VICTORIA, c. 87. 877

grouted, shall not exceed the Value of Fifty Pounds, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable Estate is under therfeon, nor upon any Legacy or Residue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share 50*-br Part of the Estate or Effects to be paid or distributed by or under such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided also, that in every such Case the Person or Persons Certificate of claiming such Probate or Letters of Administration free from Stamp Duty under this Act Amount and shall, in such Case, exhibit to the Court or Person having Authority to grant the Probate ^tor?De" or Letters of Administration a Certificate of the Amount of the Principal Money and interest to be Interest which the deceased Depositor had in the Funds of the said Savings Bank, which produced on Certificate shall be granted in such Form and Manner as shall have been settled by the p^touf &c. Rules or Regulations of the Savings Banks respectively, and shall be signed or testified by such Person or Persons as shall be directed therein, and every such Certificate shall be taken and received by the Court or Person having Authority to grant such Probate or Letters of Administration as Evidence of the Amount of the Deposit and Interest of the deceased Depositor in the Funds of the said Savings Bank.

42. In all Cases where the whole Estate and Effects of any deceased Depositor for or in Administration respect of which Letters of Administration shall be granted shall not exceed the Value of

Fifty Pounds Sterling, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable upon the Bond required to be 50/^xempted given by the Administrator for the due Administration of the Effects of such deceased from stamp Depositor, nor upon any Affidavit or Document leading to or connected with such Adminis- Duty* tration, but every such Bond and Affidavit shall be exempted from Stamp Duty in like Manner and under the like Regulations as are provided in and by this Act with respect to such Letters of Administration.

43. In case any Depositor in, any such Savings Bank shall die leaving any Sum of When Deposits Money in the said Savings Bank belonging to him or her at the Time of his or her Death, exceed^0 not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty Pounds, exclusive of Interest, and Probate of exclusive of the Will of the deceased Depositor, or Letters of Administration of his or her Estate and interest, if Effects, is not produced to the Trustees and Managers of the said Savings Bank, or if ^within Notice in Writing of the Existence of a Will and Intention to prove the same or to take out a Mouth, Mo-Letters of Administration is not given to the said Trustees and Managers within the Period »ey may be of One Month from the Death of the said Depositor, and in the latter Case unless such Will p^ld^ is proved or Letters of Administration taken out within the Period of Two Months from titled to Ef-the Death of the said Depositor, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and Managers of fects of

any Savings Bank to pay and divide the same to or amongst any Person or Persons who Deceased, shall appear to such Trustees and Managers to be the Widow or entitled to the Effects of such deceased Depositor, according to the Statute of Distribution, or according to the Rules of the said Savings Bank.

44. The Payment of any such Sum of Money shall be valid and effectual with respect to Payment to any Demand of any other Person or Persons as Next of Kin of such deceased Depositor, or

as the lawful Representative or Representatives of such Depositor, against the Funds of the Next of such Savings Bank, or against the Trustees and Managers thereof; but, nevertheless, such Kin declared Next of Kin or Representatives shall have Remedy for Recovery of such Money so paid as for

aforesaid against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same. Next of Kin.

45. Payment of any Money by any such Savings Bank as aforesaid to any Person or Payments Persons having had granted to him any Letters of Administration to the Effects of a of w^&c^8 Depositor, or Probate of his Will, or Testamentary Disposition granted by any Ecclesiastical appearing to be Court, and appearing to be in force, shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand in force shall of any other Person or Persons as the lawful Representative or Representatives of such valld-Depositor against the Funds of such Savings Bank, or against the Trustees and Managers

thereof; but, nevertheless, such lawful Representative or Representatives shall have Remedy for such Money so paid as aforesaid against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

40. If any Depositor in any such Savings Bank, being illegitimate, shall die intestate. Payment ou leaving any Person or Persons who but for the Illegitimacy of such Depositor would be ^tor°being entitled to the Money due to such deceased Depositor, it shall be lawful for the Trustees illegitimate and 26 & 27 VICT. 3 B and intestate.

Adaptation of the Provisions of this Act to the Law of Scotland.

Settlement of Disputes *

On Reference, Barrister may inspect Books and administer Oath to Witnesses.

Powers of Attorney given by Trustees or Depositors and other Documents not liable to Stamp Duty.

Appointment of Auditors in Ireland.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

and Managers of such Sayings Bank, with the Authority in Writing of the Barrister appointed to certify the Rules of Savings Banks, to pay the Money due to such deceased Depositor to any One or more of such Persons as in their Opinion would have been entitled to the same according to the Statute of Distributions if the said Depositor had been legitimate; or if there be no such Persons, then that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or Managers, with the Authority in Writing of the said Barrister, to pay the Amount due to such deceased Depositor to such Person or Persons as shall be approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, such Approval to be signified to the Trustees and Managers of the Savings Bank by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

47. Where this Act provides for Payments made or to be made to any of the Relations of any deceased intestate Depositor according to the Statute of Distribution, the Provisions thereof shall be held in Scotland to apply to Payments made or to be made to Persons appearing to be Next of Kin according to the Law of Scotland; and where this Act refers to Probate of the Will of the Deceased or Letters of Administration of his or her Estate and Effects, the said Provisions shall in Scotland be held to apply to Confirmation by the Law of Scotland.

48. If any Dispute shall arise between the Trustees and Managers of any Savings Bank and any individual Depositor therein, or any Executor, Administrator, Next of Kin, or Creditor or Assignee of any Depositor who may become bankrupt or insolvent, or any Person claiming to be such Executor, Administrator, Next of Kin, Creditor, or Assignee, or to be entitled to any Money deposited in such Savings Bank, then and in every such Case the Matter in dispute shall be referred in Writing to the Barrister-at-Law appointed under the said hereby repealed Acts or this Act, who shall have Power to proceed ex parte on Notice in Writing to the said Trustees or Managers left or sent through the Post Office by the said Barrister to the Office of the said Savings Bank, and whatever Award, Order, or Determination shall be made by the said Barrister shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without any Appeal.

49.. On any such Reference it shall be lawful for the said Barrister and he is hereby authorized to inspect any Book or Books belonging to the said Savings Bank relating to the Matter in dispute, and to administer an Oath to any Witness appearing before him, or to take the Affirmation in Cases where Affirmation is allowed by Law instead of Oath; and if upon such Oath or Affirmation any Person making the same shall wilfully and corruptly give any false Evidence, every Person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Perjury, and shall be prosecuted and punished accordingly.

50. No Power, Warrant, or Letter of Attorney granted to or to be granted by any Person or Persons, or Trustee or Trustees of any Savings Bank as aforesaid, nor any Power, Warrant, or Letter of Attorney given by any Depositor or Depositors in the Funds of any such Savings Bank to any other Person or Persons authorizing him, her, or them to make any Deposit or Deposits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds on behalf of the said Depositor or Depositors, or to sign any Document or Instrument required by the Rules or Regulations of such Savings Bank to be signed on making such Deposits, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money deposited in the said Funds, or the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom, nor any Receipt nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Savings Bank, nor for any Money received by any Depositor, his or her Executors or Administrators, Assigns, or Attornies, from the Funds of such Savings Bank, nor any Draft or Order, nor any Appointment of any Agent or Agents, nor any Certificate or other Instrument for the Revocation of any such Appointment, nor any Surety- Bond, nor any Submission to, or Award, Order, or Determination of the said Barrister, nor any other Instrument or Document whatever required or authorized to be given, issued, signed, made, or produced in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

51. The Trustees of each Savings Bank in Ireland shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and from Time to Time in case of a Vacancy, appoint

an

379

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 87.

on Auditor or Auditors to audit the Accounts of the said Sayings Bank, as well as to examine and inspect the Books of the several Depositors, and the said Trustees shall, immediately after such Appointment, transmit the Signature, Name, and Address of the said Auditor or Auditors to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Trustees of every such Savings Bank in Ireland shall cause the annual and other Statements required to be transmitted under this Act to be certified and verified by the Auditor or Auditors appointed by the said Trustees, in addition to the Attestation by Trustees and Managers, as also required by this Act, and shall also cause a Certificate from the said Auditor or Auditors, as to the Result of his or their Examination of such of the Depositors Books as may have been produced to him or them for Examination, to be transmitted with tthe said annual Statement to the said Commissioners: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Savings Bank in Ireland to agree with the Trustees of any other such Savings Bank* or Banks in Ireland as to the Appointment of a common Auditor or Auditors, and the Auditor or Auditors so appointed for all the said Banks shall be deemed and taken, as soon as the Signature, Name, and Address shall have been transmitted by each such Bank to the said Commissioners, to be the Auditor or Auditors of each such Bank.

52. Every Depositor in every Savings Bank in Ireland on his First Deposit shall be furnished with a Deposit Book; in which shall be printed at Length a Copy of the certified Rules of the Savings Bank in which he shall make such Deposit; and a Duplicate Copy of the certified Rules, and of every Alteration and Amendment thereof, and a Duplicate Copy of every annual Statement or Account required by and furnished to the said Commissioners, signed by Two Trustees or Managers of any such Savings Bank, shall be from Time to Time exhibited in the Office of such Savings Bank, and shall be open to the Inspection of every Depositor or Person intending to be such.

53. The Rules of every Savings Bank in Ireland shall specify a Number of Days, not less than Two in every Year ending on the Twentieth of November, in which the Book of each Depositor shall be produced at the Office of the said Savings Bank for the Purpose of being inspected, examined, and verified with the Books of the Savings Bank by the Auditor or Auditors.

54. If it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the Clauses of this Act, or the Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Commissioners signified by the Comptroller General to the Trustees of any Savings Bank in Ireland, have not been complied with by the Trustees or Managers of any Savings Bank in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall so think fit, to close the Account of the said Savings Bank and to discontinue the keeping any further Account with the Trustees thereof, and to direct that no further Sum shall be received at the Bank of Ireland from the Trustees of such Savings Bank to the Account of the Commissioners until such Time as such Commissioners shall think proper: Provided always, that the said Commissioners may re-open and allow the growing Interest of such Accounts during the Time of such Discontinuance, and authorize the Receipt of Money at the Bank of Ireland, whenever the said Commissioners shall think fit so to do, upon such Trustees complying with the Directions of such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall forthwith publish a Notification of such Account being closed, or of the same being reopened, in the Dublin Gazette, and also in some Newspaper published in the County in which the said Savings Bank shall be established.

65. For the more effectually ascertaining from Time to Time the actual and progressive State of the several Savings Banks enrolled under the Provision of this Act, the Trustees and Managers of every such Savings Bank shall annually cause a General Statement of the Funds of such Savings Bank invested in the Bank of England or the Bank of Ireland in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to be prepared up to the Twentieth Day of November in each Year, showing the Balance or Principal Sum due to all the Depositors collectively in such Savings Bank, and a Statement of the Expenses incurred, and stating in whose Hands such Balance shall then be remaining;

Depositor's Book in Ireland to contain Copy of Rules.

Duplicate Copy to be exhibited in the Office.

Rules in Ireland to provide for Production and Inspection of Bookk

Commissioners may close Accounts with Savings Banks in Ireland in certain Cases;

and re-open them if they think fit.

Trustees of Savings Banks shall make up annually Accounts of their Progress, &c. and transmit the same to the Commissioners for Reduction of

380

th* National

Debt

If Trustees neglect to transmit such Accounts, or to obey any Orders given pursuant to this Act Commissioners may close their Accounts, &c.

If annual Returns are not made, Name of Savings Banks neglecting to be published in Gazette, &c.

Statement of Expenses may be required«

from Trustees or Mausers.

WJicq Money is in the IIajad$ of a Treasurer, &c. his Certificate to accompany the Statement.

A Duplicate of KuchAoeoumt shall be affixed in, the Office of the Sating* Bank.

What Accounts shall be made by the National Debt Commissioners to the Commissioners Of Her Majesty's

2G» & 27°i'VICTORIA a 87;

and every such annual Statement shall be attested by* Two Managers or Two Trustees, ot by Ori^ Manager and One Trustee, of such Savings Bank, and every such annual Statement shall be countersigned by the Secretary or Actuary of such Savings Bank^ and all such annual Statements shall be transmitted to the Office of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in London or Dublin (as the Cade may be) within Nine Weeks after the Twentieth Day of November in each Year; and in case the Trustees of any Such Savings Bank shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit stich Accounts Afe aforesaid, or in case any such Trustees shall at any Time neglect or refuse to obey any Orders or Directions given by the said Commissioners or through their Officer, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to close the Account of the Trustees of such Savings Bank, and to discontinue the keeping any further Account with the Trustees of such Savings Bank, and to direct that no further Sum shall be received at the Bank of England or at the Bank 6f Ireland from the Trustees of such Savings Bank to the Account of the said Commissioners until such Time as such Commissioners shall think fit: Provided always, that it maybe lawful for the said Commissioners* to re-open such Account, and to allow the growing Interest of such Account during the Time of such Discontinuance, and to authorize the Receipt of Money at the Bank of England or Ireland\ whenever such Commissioners shall think fit to do so, upon such Trustees complying with the Directions of such Commissioners or their Officer.

56. If the annual Statements directed by this Act to be prepared and transmitted by the

Trustees of a Savings Bank shall not be prepared and transmitted to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt within the Time limited by this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for the Comptroller General or Assistant Comp^rpller acting under the said Commissioners, and th^y and he are and is hereby severally required, forthwith to publish in the London Gazette, and also in any Newspapers published in the County in which the Savings Bank is established, the Name of every such Savings Bank so neglecting or making Default in transmitting such annual Statement as aforesaid, in; such Form and Words for the Information of the Depositors, and tinder such Regulations* as the said Commissioners or the said Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller shall from Time to Time think fit. / .: 1

57. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National5 Debt, or the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting under the said Commissioners, if they or; he shall think fit, tQ require from Time to Time of and from the Trustees and Managers of any Sayings Bank a detailed Statement of all the Expenses whatever incurred by; the said Trustees and Managers in the Management or otherwise of the s^id S^ingf Bank.

58. Whenever it shall appear1 in any annual Statement that any Sum of Monet of belonging to a Savings B&hk is in the Hands of any Treasurer or othet4 Person, the said annual Statement shall be accompanied with a Certificate, signed by such Treasurer or other Person, that the Sum of Money therein mentioned is in his Possession.

59. The Trustees and Managers of every such Savings Bank shall cause a Duplicate of

every such annual Statement, accompanied by a List of the Trustees and Managers of such Institution for the Time being, attested and countersigned as aforesaid, to be publicly affixed and exhibited in some conspicuous Part of the Office or Place where the Deposits of such Savings Bank are nsually received, for the Information of all Parties making Deposits therein; and every such Duplicate shall from Time to Time remain so affixed and exhibited until the! ensuing annual Statement shall in like Manner be affixed and exhibited as aforesaid; and every Depositor shall be entitled to receive from the said Savings Bank a printed Copy of such annual Statement on Payment of One Penny. 1

60. From and after the passing of tli's Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall, at the Close of every Year ending on the Twentieth Day of November?, make to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury the following Accounts; First, of the gross Amount of all Sums received and credited, including Interest, and of all Suhis paid, including Interest, from the Sixth Day of August in the Year of our Lord One *

thousand

20? .& 2f VICTORIA c- 87.

thousand eight hundred and Seventeen np to such Twentieth Day of November, by the said Commissioners on account of the Trustees of the several Savings Banks in Great Britain, and Ireland, and also on account of any Friendly Societies in Great Britain respectively, and of the gross Amount of all Sums, Stock, Fundp, Annuities, and* Exchequer Bills, antkother Securities standing in the Names of such Commissioners on the Twentieth Day of November on account of any such Savings Banks or Friendly Societies respectively, and the Sums paid for the Purchase of such Stock, Funds, Exchequer Bills or other Securities, and the gross Amount of the Interest or Dividends received thereon by the said Commissioners, and the gross Amount of the Interest paid by such Commissioners up to such T wentieth Day of November on all Receipts issued to the Trustees of such Savings Banks or Friendly Societies in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and also an Account of all Expenses incurred by the said Commissioners for Salaries of Clerks or other incidental Charges during the preceding Year; secondly, an Account of the whole of the several Transactions set forth in detail which shall have taken place during the Course of the previous Year in the Investment of all Monies coming into their Hands for Savings Banks and Friendly Societies, and of the Variations, if any, which have taken place during such Year in the Securities held by the said Commissioners for those Institutions; and, thirdly, an Account, showing the aggregate Amount of the Liabilities of the Government to the Trustees of Savings Banks and Friendly Societies respectively, and the Nature, Amount, and Value of the Securities (taken at the Price of the Day) held by the said Commissioners to meet the same, stating the Amount of Surplus or Deficiency (as the Case may be) thereon; distinguishing in each of such Accounts hereby required to be rendered as aforesaid the Funds of Savings Banks firotn the Funds of Friendly Societies; and Copies of all such Accounts shall b6 laid before both Houses of Parliament, not later than the Fifteenth Day of February, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not then sitting then within Ten Days after the next re-assembling of Parliament.

61. In every such Account so to be made to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as hereinbefore is provided a distinct Account shall be shown of the aggregate Amount of the separate Surplus Funds of all Savings Banks, made up to such Twentieth Day of November, and of the gross Amount of all Sums transferred to or paid out of such Surplus Fund in the Course of the previous Year, and of the Balance of such Account then remaining in the Hands of the said Commissioners.

62. Fbr the Purpose of rendering the Accounts of the several Savings Banks in Great Britain and Ireland uniform and correspondent with the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Interest payable to the Depositors in such Savings Banks in Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of November One thousfmd eight hundred and sixty-three, be computed half-yearly to the Twentieth Pcy of May qna the Twentieth Day of November, or yearly to the Twentieth Day of November in each Year, as the Case may be, and to no other Periods.

63. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; if they shall so think fit, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay into the Bank of England from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money to be placed to their Credit in account with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Fupd for the Banks for Savings, under such Regulations as shall be agreed upon from Time to Time between the said CommisBiQners and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and all Sums of Money so placed to the said Commissioners Credit as aforesaid shall be carried to the Account of the said Commissioners by the Cashiers of the said' Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, standing in the Books of the said Bank under the Title of "The Funds for the Banks for Savings," and shall be subject and shall be applied to the several Purposes herein-before mentioned, as if every such Sum and Slims of Money tad been originally paid into the Bank of Ireland to the said Account under the Provisions of this Act.

, 64. All Receipts, Orders, Certificates, Endorsements, Accounts, Returns, or Instruments, ojti other Matters or Things whatsoever which shall be required for carrying into execution; . this

381

Treasury, sad

laid before Parliament.

A distinct Account to be shown in Parliamentary Returns of separate Surplus Funds of Sating* Banks in Hands of Commissioners. Savings Banks shall compute Interest on 20th May and 20th November, half-yearly or yearly.

Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may keep a Balance in the Bank of Ireland for Drafts; which may be drawn on account of Savings Banks there.

Receipts, See. shall bei n the Form approved.

382

by Commift-Bioners.

Indemnity to Commissioners and Banks of England and Ireland.

Power to Commissioners to appoint and employ Barrister, Clerks, &c.

Power to Treasury to pay them and discharge incidental Expenses.

Act to extend to all Sayings Banks in Great Britain and Ireland.

Act not to affect Post Office Havings Banks or Powers of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

2&° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 87.

this Act, shall be made in such Form and Manner, and containing such Particulars, and under such Regulations as shall from Time to Time be directed or required or approved of by the said Commissioners or their Officer or Officers.

65. This Act shall be a full and sufficient Indemnity and Discharge to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland respectively, and their Officers, for all Things to be done or required or permitted to be done pursuant to this Act.

68. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Barrister-at-Law, and employ such and so many of the Clerks and other Officers as shall be necessary for carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act, and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, and he or they is or are hereby authorized and empowered, to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper for the Services, Pains, and Labour of such Clerks or other Persons to be appointed and employed by the said Commissioners in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and out of the Fund upon which the Establish^ ment of the said Commissioners is chargeable by any Act now in force to pay and discharge all such Allowances and all other incidental Charges which shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them snail seem just and reasonable.

67. This Act shall, except as herein-after is excepted, extend to all Savings Banks established or hereafter to be established in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Isle of Man.

68. This Act shall not be held to repeal any of the now existing Statutes relating to Savings Banks in so far as relates to Post Office Savings Banks established or to be established under the Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter Fourteen, nor to repeal any of the Powers and Authorities now vested by those Acts in the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in regard to the Control, Management, Investment, Conversion, and Regulation of the Funds remitted by the Trustees of Savings Banks or by the Trustees of Friendly Societies to the said Commissioners.

SCHEDULES. SCHEDULE A. Acts and Parts of Acts repealed.

Date of Act. Title. Extent of Repeal.

9 Geo. 4. c. 92. An Act to consolidate and amend tho Laws relating to Savings Banks. The whole.

3 Will. 4. c. 14. An Act to enable Depositors in Savings Banks and others to purchase Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks, and to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks. Sections 21, 22, 25, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, and 35.

5 it 6 Will. 4. c. 57. An Act to extend to Scotland certain Provisions of an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, and to con solidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Scotland. The whole.

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 87.

883

Date of Act. Title. Extent of Repeal.

7 8 Vict. c. 88. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, and to the Purchase of Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks. The whole.

11 & 12 Vict c. 133. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland. The whole.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 50. An Act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland, and to authorize Friendly Societies to invest the whole of their Funds in Savings Banks. Section 2.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 53. An Act to enable Charitable and Provident Societies and Penny Savings Banks to invest all their Proceeds in Savings Banks. The whole.

28 & ii Vict. c. 137. An Act to make further Provision with respect to Monies received from Savings Banks and Friendly Societies, The whole.

SCHEDULE B.

Form of Certificate for Transfer to another Savings Bank.

To bo issued to any Depositor desiring to transfer his [or her] Deposits from one Savings Bank to

another.

Sayings Bank at, in the County of

Whrrbas of a Depositor in the above-named

Sayings Bank* is desirous of closing his [or her] Account with the said Bank for the

Purpose of transferring his [or her] Deposits to the Sayings Bank at in the County of r and to enable him [or her] so to do the said Depositor has applied for a Certificate of the whole Amount due to him [or her] pursuant to the Act [referring to this Act]; we hereby certify that the Sum due to the said Depositor for Money deposited by him [or her] in this Savings Bank, inclusive of all Interest due to him [or her] to this Date, amounts to the Sum of [state the Amount in Words], of which the Sum of [state the Amount, if any, in Words] has been deposited since

the Twentieth of November last; and we further certify that his [or her] Account with

this Savings Bank has been closed by the Issue of this Certificate *

Witness our Hands this Day of 18

(Two of the Trustees or Managers [appointed, -< for this Object, by the Trustees] of the __________ v above-named Savings Bank.

Examined __________

Actuary or Secretary of the above-named Savings Bank.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88

[Short Title.]

To apply to Ireland only *

Definition of Terms.

Constitution of

elective Drainage Districts.

Commissioners to be a Body Corporate.

Mode of Constituting elective Drainage District.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to enable Landed Proprietors to construct Works for the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in Ireland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Proprietors of Lands in Ireland should be ' enabled to construct and maintain Works for Drainage and other Improvement of

their Lands: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands

Act (Ireland), 1863."

2. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

3. " Watercourse " shall include all Rivers, Streams, Drains, Sewers, and Passages through which Water flows:

" Person " shall include any Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, unless there is something in the Context inconsistent therewith:

" Commissioners" shall mean Her Majesty's Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being, or any One or more of them:

" Owner," as used throughout this Act, shall have the same Meaning as it has in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845

In the Construction of this Act the Word " District" shall mean and include the Lands mentioned and described or referred to in the Maps or Plans and Schedules as approved of by the Commissioners of Public Works:

" Land " shall extend to all Arable, Pasture, or otherwise profitable, and to all waste uncultivated Land, and shall also extend to Messuages, Tenements, Mills, Weirs, Easements, Fisheries, and other Hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, and any Estate or Interest therein, and any undivided Part thereof, or any of them:

"Petitioners" shall mean those who shall petition for the Purpose of putting this Act into execution.

Elective Drainage Districts.

4. Any Person or Persons interested in any Land liable to be flooded or injured by Water, or the Drainage whereof may be capable of being improved, may, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Public Works, as herein-after mentioned, constitute such Land, or other Area of Land, a separate Drainage District.

5. The " Commissioners " for the Purpose of this Act shall be a Body Corporate and possess a Common Seal.

6. The following Proceedings shall be taken for the Purpose of obtaining the Sanction and Order of the Commissioners of Public Works:

(1.) A Petition shall be presented to them, stating the proposed Boundaries of the District, by reference to a Map, or in such other Manner as they shall think expedient, and also stating the Exigencies which render the Formation of such Drainage District necessary: It shall be signed by the Petitioners, and shall be accompanied by proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, and Sections showing the Drainage Works proposed to be executed within such District, including therein all Works necessary for any Outfall, and showing the Land to be drained or improved by such Drainage, and showing in One or more of such Schedules the reputed Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, and the Lands or other Property required to be taken for or likely to be injured by the proposed Works or the making of any Outfall, and the reputed Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, and showing, so far as may be possible, the Line, Course, and Situation of the Streams, Watercourses,

Drains,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 385

Drains, Rivers, and Lakes intended to be cleared, scoured, or embanked, and the requisite Variations, Diversions, Abridgments, or Enlargements of the same, and the Direction and Extent of any new Drains, Watercourses, or Works necessary to be made, and the Land in and through which the same are to be made; and such Petition shall also be accompanied by an Estimate of the Expense of the proposed Works, including in such Estimate the probable Amount of Money payable as Compensation in respect of any Injury likely to be occasioned by such Works, or for the Purchase of any Land, Houses, Fisheries, Weirs, Mills, or other Property required to be taken or purchased for the Purpose of such Works, and other miscellaneous Expenses likely to be incurred; and such Schedules shall also set forth the then actual Value of the Land to be drained or improved by Drainage by the proposed Works, so far as the Petitioners shall be able to ascertain the same, and the probable Increase in such Value by the proposed Works; and such actual Value and estimated Increase shall be stated in the said Schedules, and also the Proportions in which such Lands should contribute towards the Payment of the Costs of the proposed Works, specifying such Proportions in the Ratio of the estimated Increase in the Value of such Lands; and the said Petitioners shall cause to be made Copies of the said Schedules, Maps, Plans,

Sections, and Estimate, and shall cause such Copies to be deposited in such convenient Place or Places as the said Petitioners shall think proper, within or in the immediate Vicinity of the District in which such Land or the River or Part of a River shall be situate, there to remain open for public Inspection at all reasonable Times for Three successive Weeks; and all Persons shall be at liberty to inspect or make Copies of or Extracts from the said Schedules, Maps, Plans,

Sections, and Estimate, and Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom shall be made for any Person who shall require the same, on Payment of the Costs of making such Copies or Extracts:

And the said Petitioners shall cause a Notice, stating the Place or Places in which Copies of the said Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate have ' been deposited as aforesaid, to be lodged with the Clerks of the Unions respectively, and to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the District in which the Land or River, or Part of a River, proposed to be drained or improved, shall be situated, or in the immediate Vicinity thereof, and also to be served on the Proprietor by Delivery of the same personally, or, if such Proprietor is absent from Ireland, to his Agent, or by leaving the same at the usual or last known Place of Abode of such Proprietor as aforesaid, or by forwarding the same by Post in a prepaid Letter addressed to the usual or last known Place of Abode of such Proprietor; and in all Cases where it shall be proposed to take or remove any Mill or Factory, or to lower, raise, or modify any Weir, Dam, or other Work or Obstruction connected with any Mill or Factory, a Copy of such Notice shall be served on the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, or Person in charge of such Mill or Factory, and be posted on the Door or Wall thereof; and by such Notice all Parties interested shall be required, on or before a Day to be therein named, not sooner than Two Months from such Publication and Posting or Service as aforesaid of such Notice, to transmit to the said Petitioners their Objections, if any, to the said Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate, and all other Objections which such Parties shall think fit to make with respect to anything proposed to be done under the Provisions of this Act; and the Petitioners shall by the same Notice specify their Intention of having an Inspector sent to the District, before whom all Persons interested in the proposed Works, or having any Objection thereto, shall be required to appear, at a Time and Place to be fixed by such Notice:

(2.) After the Expiration of the Period mentioned in such Notice for sending in Objections, the said Commissioners shall send an Inspector to the District for the Purpose of making Inquiries as to the Propriety of constituting the proposed District, and as to the Assent of the Proprietors thereto; and they shall deliver to such Inspector the Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate which shall 26 & 27 VICT. 3 C have

386

Powers of Inspector.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

have been deposited with them under the Provisions hereinbefore contained: The Person so sent as Inspector by the Commissioners shall in no Case be the same Person who may have previously reported for the Petitioners, nor shall the Person so sent by the Commissioners be afterwards in any way employed in the Execution of any of the Works in the District:

(3) The Inspector shall proceed to the District, and make all necessary Inquiries with respect to the Propriety of constituting such District, and also with respect to the Area of Land to be comprised therein: And such Inspector shall, at the Time and Place named in such Notice as aforesaid, or at such other Time and Place as the Petitioners may by any further Notice appoint, attend, and shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, or hold such new Meeting as he may find necessary, and shall inquire into the Correctness of the Schedules containing the Names of such Proprietors and Occupiers as aforesaid, and shall hear all such Objections as shall have been or shall then be made by any Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or River, or any Person on his or their Behalf, as to any Omission or Misdescription in such Schedules, or any Name improperly inserted therein, and shall hear all such other Objections as shall have been or shall be then and there made by such Person or Persons to the Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate which shall have been made under the Provisions hereinbefore contained; and the said Inspector shall also hear and inquire, on Oath (which he is hereby authorized to administer) or otherwise, into all such Objections by any of the Persons aforesaid to the said proposed Works as shall have been or shall then and there be made, and also all Objections to the stated Value of the Land, or to the stated probable Increase in such Value, as the same shall have been respectively set forth in the said Schedules, and also into all such Objections as shall have been made, or shall then and there be made, by or on behalf of the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, or other Person interested in any Mill or Factory likely to be affected by anything proposed to be done in such District under any of the Provisions of this Act, and after having considered all such Objections as aforesaid he shall cause such Alterations (if any) as he may deem expedient to be made in the said Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate, and shall sign the same; and such Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimate so signed by the said Inspector shall be preserved by the said Commissioners in their Office in Dublin, and a Copy thereof shall be deposited by the Petitioners with the Clerk of the Peace of each County wherein such Works are proposed to be executed, and shall be open to public Inspection at all reasonable Times on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling:

(4,) Any Inspector sent by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act may, by himself and his Servants, enter upon any Lands in order to obtain Information upon any of the Matters aforesaid, and may do all such Things as to him shall seem expedient and necessary for the Purposes of his Inspection and Report, making reasonable Compensation for any Injury which may be done by him or his Servants, and he may also, by Summons under his Hand, require to appear before him, at some convenient Place within or near the proposed District, any Persons whomsoever, and examine them upon Oath or otherwise touching any Matter relating to the Purposes of the Inquiry, and he may by any such Summons require any Officer of or acting under any Corporation or Guardians of the Poor and any Commissioner, Trustee, Officer, or Person acting under any Local Act of Parliament in force within the District to which any such Inquiry may relate, to produce before him any Surveys, Plans, Sections, Rate Books, or other like Documents which may by reason of their Office be in their Custody or Control touching any Matter relating to the Purposes of such Inquiry; and such Inspector may examine, inspect, or take Copies of any such Books, Surveys, Plans, Sections, and Documents, or any of them, or Part thereof; and whosoever refuses to permit any such Inspector or his Servants to do any of the Matters aforesaid, or wilfully disturbs or interferes with him or them in the course of their Inspection, or wilfully disobeys any such Summons, or prevents any such Inspector from examining, inspecting, or taking Copies

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 387

as aforesaid, or refuses to answer any Question put to him by such Inspector for the Purposes of the said Inquiry, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace sitting at Petty Sessions in any District within the Jurisdiction of which any of the Lands in the proposed Drainage District are situate; but no Person shall be required to attend before the Inspector in obedience to any Summons unless the reasonable Charges of his Attendance have been paid or tendered to him:

(5.) The Inspector shall report the Result of his Inquiries to the Commissioners, who shall transmit a certified Copy thereof to the Petitioners; and the Petitioners shall lodge Copies of such Report with the Clerk or Clerks of the Unions respectively, and shall forthwith cause a Notice, stating that said Report has been so lodged, to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the proposed District; and Objections in Writing to said Report, or any Part thereof, may, within One Month from the lodging of said Report, be served on or transmitted by Post to the said Commissioners at their Office in Dublin by or on the Part of any Proprietor in the proposed District; and the said Commissioners, after having considered such Objections (if any), may, if satisfied with the Propriety of constituting the District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of such Land in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Report of such Inspector assented thereto in Writing, make a Provisional Order under their Seal declaring the Area, in such Provisional Order mentioned or referred to, to be a Drainage District; provided that no such Provisional Order shall be made authorizing a Drainage Board to remove or injuriously interfere with any Millrace,

Milldam, Weir, or other like Obstruction, whereby the Level of Water is raised for Milling or other Purpose of Profit, unless upon the Report of their Inspector they shall be satisfied that any Injury that may be caused thereby is of a Nature to admit of being fully compensated for by Money:

(6*) Notice of the Provisional Order shall be published by the Petitioners in the Dublin Gazette and in some Newspaper circulating in the District to which it relates, and Copies thereof shall be served in such Manner and upon such Persons as the Commissioners may require:

(7.) Upon the Receipt of the Report of the Inspector the Commissioners may, by Provisional Order under their Seal, constitute the Area mentioned in the Petition or Report, with such Alterations of Boundaries, if any, as they think fit, a separate Drainage District; and it shall be the Duty of the Commissioners, as soon as conveniently may be, to take all proper Steps for the Confirmation of such Provisional Order by Act of Parliament, and when so confirmed it shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament, and take effect accordingly, but previous to such Confirmation it shall not be of any Validity whatever:

(8.) No Petition for constituting a District under this Act shall be entertained until the Petitioners have given such Security for Costs by Deposit of such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall require; and in the event of a Drainage District not being constituted in pursuance of such Petition, the Petitioners shall pay all Costs, Charges, and Expenses, including the Expense incurred by reason of the presenting of the Petition and of the Appointment of such Inspector; but in the event of the Drainage District being constituted, such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall be deemed to be Expenses incidental to the Execution of the Works, and shall be defrayed accordingly out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and such Order shall, by Reference to Maps or otherwise, as the ' Commissioners may think proper, state the Lands proposed to be purchased for the proposed Works, subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as the Commissioners may thereafter sanction; and such Order shall also limit the Time within which the Works in any such District shall be completed, and state the several Matters and Things herein-after mentioned, and the Commissioners may also state in such Order such other Matters and Things as they may think proper, according to the Circumstances of each particular Case.

m

Evidence of Constitution of District.

Power to Commissioners to "* extend Time for Completion of the Works.

Definition of u Proprietor."

Provision as to Proprietorship by Corporations and Companies.

Provision in case of no Proprietor.

Constitution of

Drainage

Boards.

Regulations as to Drainage Boards.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

7. The making of such Order shall be conclusive Evidence that all the Requirements of this Act in respect of Proceedings required to be taken previously to the making of such Order have been complied with.

8. It may be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon sufficient Ground being laid before them, to extend the Time by any such Order limited for the Completion of any such proposed Works to such farther Period, not exceeding Three Years, as may by the said Commissioners be deemed right, also to sanction within such extended Time the Purchase of snob additional Land as may from Time to Time appear necessary for the Execution of the proposed Works.

9. The Definition of the Term Proprietor contained in the Act of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, shall apply to this Act, and the Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth flections of the said last-mentioned Act shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Act.

10. Where a Corporation Aggregate, a Joint Stock or other Company, or any Body of Proprietors or Undertakers, is Proprietor of any Land, such Corporation, Company, Body of Proprietors or Undertakers respectively shall be deemed to be One Proprietor for the Purpose of giving an Assent or Dissent under this Act, and may express their Assent or Dissent in Writing under their Common Seal in the Case of a Corporation, and in any other Case under the Hands of Three Directors or other Persons in the Direction or Management of the Company or Concern; but no Member of such Corporation, nor Proprietor or Person interested in such Company or Concern, shall be entitled to dissent individually as a Proprietor in respect of such Land.

11. When any Portion of Land comprised within the Boundaries referred to in any such Petition as is herein-before mentioned appears to have no Proprietor within the Meaning of this Act, or the Proprietor cannot be found, the Land so circumstanced shall be altogether excluded in any Computation that may be made of the Proportion borne by the dissenting Proprietors of any Area of Land, as herein-before provided, to the aggregate Value of such Laud.

12. After the Constitution of a District the Execution of the Works necessary in the said District shall be vested in a Board, herein-after called a Drainage Board, and such Board shall be a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, having Capacity to hold Lands for all the Purposes of their Constitution.

13. Subject to any Provisions to the contrary that may be made by the Order constituting the District, the following Regulations shall be made with respect to Drainage Boards:

(1.) The Members of the First Drainage Board shall be named by the Commissioners in the Order constituting the Drainage District, and such Order shall fix the Number of which the Board is to consist, the Mode of summoning the First Meeting of the Board, the Qualification of subsequent Members of the Board, and the Time at which the first and subsequently appointed Members of the Board are to vacate their Offices, such Time not being later than the End of the Month of September in the Year following that in which such Order is made:

(2.) The Members of every Board succeeding the]First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in each succeeding Year, or on such other Day as may be prescribed by the Board:

(3.) The Offices of vacating Members shall be filled up by an equal Number of qualified Persons, to be elected as herein-after mentioned:

(4.) Every Member of a Drainage Board going out of Office shall be re-eligible; and if at any Time when an Election of Members ought to take place, the Places of any retiring Members are not filled up, the retiring Members whose Places are not filled up shall continue in Office until the succeeding Year:

(5.) Any casual vacancy occurring in the Board may be filled up by the Board; but any Person so chosen shall retain his Office so long only as the vacating Member would have retained the same if no Vacancy had occurred:

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

(6.) During any Vacancy in the Board the continuing Members shall act ris if such Vacancy had not occurred: 1

(7.) Any Person who acts as Member of a Drainage 6oard without being qualified as required by the Order of the Commissioners shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and in any Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty the Burden of proving Qualification shall be upon the Person against whom such Proceeding is taken:

(8.) All Acts done by any Meeting of a Drainage Board, or of any Committee of a Drainage Board, or by any Person acting as a Member of a Drainage Board, shall, notwithstanding it may be afterwards discovered that there was some Defect in the Appointment of any such Board or Person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were or was disqualified, be as valid as if every such Person nad been duly appointed and was qualified to be a Member.

14. Subject to any Provisions to the contrary that may be made by the Order constituting the District, the following Rules shall be observed with respect to the Elector? of Drainage Boards:

(1.) The Electors for Members of a Drainage Board for any District shall be the Proprietors of Lands within such District:

(2.) Each Elector shall vote according to the following Scale; that is to say.

If his Property within such District shall be of an annual Value of less than i Fifty Pounds, he shall have One Vote i

If such annual Value amount to Fifty Pounds and be less than One hundred Pounds, he shall have Two Votes:

If it amount to One hundred. Pounds and be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds, he shall have Three Votes: (

If it amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds and be less than Two, hundred Pounds, he shall have Four Votes:

If it amount to Two hundred Pounds and be less than Two hundred and fifty Pounds, he shall have Five Votes:

If it amount to Two hundred and fifty Pounds and be less than Five hundred Pounds, he shall have Six Votes:

If it amount to Five hundred Pounds and be less than One thousand Pounds, ' 1 bo shall have Eight Votes:

If it amount to or exceed One thousand Pounds, he shall have Ten Votes.

IB. For the Purposes of ascertaining the annual Value in the last preceding Section mentioned, and also for the Purposes of ascertaining the Proportions of assenting or dissenting Proprietors under any of the Provisions of this Act, and also for the Purposes of the final Award to be made as herein-after mentioned, the Schedules of Value of the Lands deposited with the Commissioners before the Constitution of the District, and signed by the Inspector, under the Provisions herein-before contained, shall he binding upon all Persons concerned.

18. Subject to any Provisions to the contrary that may be made by the Order constituting the District, the Mode of electing Members of Drainage Boards, and the Proceedings of Drainage Boards, shall he conducted in manner directed by the Schedule annexed hereto.

17. The Provisions of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to, —

(1.) The Contracts to be entered into and Deeds to be executed by the Commissioners; (2.) The Liabilities of the Commissioners, and to legal Proceedings by or against the Commissioners;

(3.) The Appointment and Accountability of Officers of the Commissioners;

(4.\ The Accounts to be kept by the Commissioners;

'(9*) The giving Notices and Orders;

shall apply to the Drainage Boards, and shall be incorporated with this Act: and in the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Provisions this Act and the Order CoiiStituting the Drainage District shall together constitute the " Specif Act*9

r - Gekebal

U (-0

'889

Rules to be observed with respect to Electors of Drainage Boards.

How Value is to be ascertained.

Mode of Election of Drainage Boards, and Proceedings thereof.

Certain Provisions of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16 incorporated.

Power to execute the Works.

Powers

enabling Drainage Board to carry on Work s.

Power to purchase Lands.

8 & 9 Vict c. 18. incorporated.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

General Powers of Drainage Boards.

18. It shall be lawful for the said Drainage Board to contract with or employ such Contractors, Surveyors, Agents, and Workmen as they shall think fit, and to make and execute all such Works as shall be described in the Maps, Plans, and Sections herein-before mentioned, or such Deviations therefrom, or such other Works as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time deem necessary for effecting all or any of the Purposes of this Act, and for such Purposes to enter into and upon any Land whatsoever, and to widen, straighten, deepen, divert, scour, or cleanse any Kiver, Stream, Drain, Brook, Pool, or Watercourse running through such Land, and to make, open, and cut in or upon the same any new Watercourse, Side Cut, Ditch, or Drain, and to alter or remove any Bank, Sluice, Flood Gate, Drain, or Tunnel, and to make or erect any Bank, Sluice, Flood Gate, Drain, Tunnel, or other Works necessary for Drainage, and to dam, bar, and stop up with any Weir or Dam any River, Brook, Pool, Stream, or Watercourse, and also to make upon such Land any Embankment against the Sea or any Lake, River, Stream, or Watercourse, and to put and place on such Land any Piles, Stones, Earth, Soil, or other Materials for the Purposes of the Works, or for the more effectual Protection or Defence of such Land, or for the better conveying the Waters from the said Land into the Sea or into any River, Lake, Stream, or Watercourse, and also to form any Dam, and to erect any Sluice, Hatch, or Lock, in any River, Lake, Stream, or Watercourse, for the Purpose of supplying Water to any Mill or Factory, or of keeping back a Sufficiency of Water for the Use of Cattle, or for the Irrigation or Warping of Lands where such Irrigation or Warping shall be wanted, and shall be a beneficial Manurance to such Lands, and also to stop up or divert any Road or remove any Bridge, and to make any new Road or Bridge, and also from Time to Time to repair, alter, or remove any Sluice, Flood Gate, Hatch, Tunnel, Road, or other Works now made or to be made as aforesaid, and to divert, deepen, widen, cleanse, and scour any Ditch, Drain, Watercourse, or Side Cut now existing or to be made as aforesaid, and also to do all such Things and execute all such Works as may be necessary or convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and be sanctioned by the Commissioners, making Compensation, to be ascertained in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to all Persons for any Damage occasioned to them by the Exercise of any such Powers.

19. In order to enable the said Drainage Board to construct and maintain the said Works there shall be incorporated with this Act the several Sections of the several Acts of Parliament next herein-after mentioned; viz., the Thirtieth, Forty-sixth, Fiftieth, Fifty-fifth, Fifty-sixth, Fifty-ninth, Sixty-first, Sixty-second, Sixty-tlnrd, and Sixty-fourth Sections of the Act Fifth and Sixth Victoria, Chapter Eighty-nine, and the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-first Sections of the Act Sixteenth and Seventeenth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and thirty; and every Power, Authority, and Privilege by the said several Sections of the Baid Acts respectively conferred upon the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall be deemed and taken to be conferred on such Drainage Board as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the said Drainage Board and every other Person or Persons shall be entitled to all Rights and Benefits conferred and subject to all Liabilities imposed by the said several Sections of the said last-mentioned Acts of Parliament, in like Manner in all respects as if the said Sections had been re-enacted by this Act, as far as the Difference of Circumstances will admit.

20. It shall be lawful for the Drainage Board to contract for and purchase any Lands, Mills, and Water Power which may, with the Sanction of the Commissioners, be thought necessary or proper to purchase for accomplishing any of the Purposes of this Act, making such reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence to the Persons entitled to or interested in such Lands as shall be agreed upon or otherwise settled and ascertained in manner hereinafter provided.

21. All the Clauses and Provisions contained in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, relating to the taking of Lands belonging to Persons under Disability, or to the Application of Monies payable in respect of the Purchase of such Lands, or as Compensation for injuries to the same, shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Act.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

22. The said Drainage Board, with respect to the Acquisition and Transfer of all such Lands as under this Act they may be enabled to take, and with respect to the Purchase Monies or Compensation payable for the same, shall possess all such Powers and Privileges, and be subject to all such Liabilities, Costs, Charges, and Expenses, as any Railway Company in Ireland would possess or be subject to under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, or of any Act amending or varying the Provisions of the same.

23. After the Constitution of a District under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon the Application of the Drainage Board, from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to appoint an Arbitrator between the Drainage Board and the Persons whose Lands are proposed to be taken for or which may be injuriously affected by the proposed Works to which the Plans and Estimates deposited as herein-before provided relate.

24. The Arbitrator may call for the Production of any Documents in the Possession or Power of the Drainage Board, or of any Party making any Claim under the Provisions of this Act, which such Arbitrator may think necessary for determining any Question or Matter to be determined by him, and may examine any such Party and his Witnesses, and the Witnesses for the Drainage Board, on Oath, and administer the Oaths necessary for that Purpose.

25. Before any Arbitrator shall enter upon any Inquiry he shall, in the Presence of a Justice of the Peace, make and subscribe the following Declaration; that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, that I will faithfully and honestly, and to the

best of my Skill and Ability, hear and determine the Matters referred to me under the

Provisions of the Act [naming this Act].

<A, B.

Made and subscribed in the Presence of '

And such Declaration shall be annexed to the Award when made; and if any Arbitrator, having made such Declaration, wilfully act contrary thereto, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

20. Upon the First Appointment of such Arbitrator, the Schedules, Maps, Plans, and Sections which have been deposited with the Commissioners as aforesaid, or Copies thereof, shall be delivered to him by the Commissioners; and thereupon the Drainage Board shall take the same Steps with respect to publishing of Notices in all respects as are required by the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, and the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, to be taken by a Railway Company upon the Appointment of an Arbitrator under those Acts, and the same Proceedings shall be thereupon taken by such Arbitrator and Drainage Board respectively as are by the said Acts required to be taken in the Case of Lands to be taken or Works to be done by a Railway Company under the said Acts; and the Arbitrator shall decide upon the Purchase Money to be paid by the Drainage Board for any Lands to be taken, and also upon the Compensation to be paid for injuriously affecting any Estate or Interest of any Person or Persons in any Lands by reason of the Execution of the proposed Works, and also upon the Accommodation Works, if any, to be executed by the Drainage Board; and such Compensation shall be ascertained, and the Amount thereof, when ascertained, shall be paid and recoverable, in the same Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions in all respects, and to the same Right of Traverse, as is by the said Acts provided in the Case of the Purchase Money and Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected by the Works proposed to be made by any Railway Company; and every Award to be made under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to the same Provisions as are in the said recited Acts contained with reference to Awards under the said Acts.

27. For the Purposes mentioned in the last Section, the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, and Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, shall be incorporated with this Act; and in the Interpretation of those Acts and of the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, —

The Expression " the Special Act " used in the said Acts, shall be taken to mean or apply to the Order sanctioning the Purchase of Lands and the Execution of Works by the Drainage Board:

The

391

Drainage Board to have same Powers as a Railway Company.

Commissioners of Public Works to appoint an Arbitrator on Application of Drainage Board.

Power to Arbitrator to o&ll for Documents and administer Oaths.

Arbitrator to make and subscribe Declaration before acting.

Proceedings to ascertain Purchase Money and Compensation forlnjuries.

Provisions of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 70. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 97., as to Ascertainment of Claims, incorporated.

Assessment of Compensation to Miliowners.

Provision for Payment of Expenses of Commissioners.

After Award Drainage Board may commence the Works.

Compensation to be ascertained as before provided.

Saving of existing Liabilities to repair.

Power to Drainage Boards to borrow Money for the Purposes of this Act.

The Expression " the Railway^ used in the said Acts shall be taken to mean or apply to, t^a Wo?kn proposed to be executedby the DrainageBoard? .

The, Expression jthe Company " used/ in the said Acts shall be taken to mean the Drainage Board whp shall have obtained an Order sanctioning the Purchase of Lands and the Execution of Works/in .manner aforesaid .;

28. The Arbitrator under this Act, and also the Jury which shall try any Traverse under this Act, £hali have regard, in Cases of Mills pr Factories, to any Benefit resulting or which may result from any Improvement which shall be effected by the Execution of the Works, in the Water Power or Constancy of Supply of Water to such Mill or Factory, or by Relief from Back Water, afforded to it; and every Arbitrator and Jury to whom any Question shall be referred under this Act shall set off such Benefit or estimated Benefit agfunst the Sum or Sums which shall be assessed by him or them for Purchase Money or Compensation by reason Of the Execution of the Works.

29. The Salary or Remuneration, travelling and other Expenses, of any Arbitrator appointed for any of the Purposes of this Act, and all Costs, Charges, and Expenses (if any) which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners in the Exercise of the Powers vested in them under this Act, shall be paid by the Drainage Board; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioned from Time to Time to require the Drainage Board to advance to the Commissioners any Sum or (3uma <of Money which may be required, or give other SecuriM for the Payment of an(y such Costs, Charges, and Expenses; and the Amount of all such Costs, Ch2wges, and Expenses, shall be included in and form Part of the Expenses incidental to the Execution of the Works in the District in relation to which such Expenses shall be incurred, and shall be discharged accordingly.

30. At any Time after the making of an Award by the said Arbitrator, and the Payment of the Purchase Money and Compensation thereunder, as herpin-before prodded* the Drainage Bbaftt nrajr commence and proceed with the Works proposed to be executed for the Drainage or^ Improvement of the Land to which the Plans, Sections, and Estimates deposited with the Commissioners of Public W(j>rks may relate. {

31. No Person shall be entitled to take any Proceedings at Law or in Equity for the

Recovery of any Compensation or Damages in respect-of any Property in any Drainage District by reason of any Works which the Drainage Board thereof shall execute, but his Right to any Compensation or Damages in respect of such Property, and the Amount thereof, 441 bo ascertainedand be recoverable in the Mariner herein-beford provided, and not otherwise.

32. The Liability of any Person whomsoever to defray jor, contribute towards the Expense of malting completing, altering, amending, or maintaining any $ewer or Drain, or any Walls or Works for protecting the Land against the Force or Encroachments Of the Sea or of any River, or doing any other Work within the Jurisdiction of a Drainage Board, shall continue, and the same may be enforced as if this Act had not passed.

33. It shall and may be lawful for every and any Drainage Board under this Act, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to contribute amongst themselves, or to borrow and take up at Interest of and from any Person who shall be willing to advance and lend the same, any Sum pr, Sums of Mmey required for defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred; of to be, incurred by them in the Execution of any Works for the Drainage or Improvement: of any Inlnd, or otherwise, under or by virtue of this Act, and to include in such Loan Interest upon the Principal Sum which may be agreed to be paid during the Interval between such Loan and the making of the final Award relative to the Works for which such Loan may have been contracted; and the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be sccqrpd to the Party lending the same. upon the Monies accruing to the Drainage Bpard under or by virtue of the Award to be made as hereinafter mentioned.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 393

34. In all Cases of Monies to be contributed or borrowed and taken up at Interest by Power to Drainage Boards under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawftil for tire t

Drainage Boards from Time to Time to grant a Security in the Form of Debenture for DebenturJTto such Monies, under their Common Seals, to every Person who shall advance etnj Sum of Lendm for Money for the Purposes of this Act, every such Debenture being numbered in the Order and of its Execution by the Drainage Boards, and setting forth the Amount of the Sum for which each such Debenture is issued, and this Rate of Interest payable for the same, and the Period to expire before the same shall upon Notice become payable, with a Reference i to the Land for the Drainage or Improvement of which or other Work for the Construction, i of which such Sum shall have been so borrowed or taken up, and the District within which the same or any of them may be situate; and that every such Debenture shall be made in the following Words, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit:

RY

mJ n

i

1

No. Form of De-

Debenture to Lender of Money# benture.

Amount £

26th Victoria, c. i

r Drainage District, Ireland, in the County of No.

virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty 1 Queen Victoria, intituled " The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland),

1863," the Drainage Board of the District, in consideration of the Sum of ' 1

Sterling to them lent and paid by, doth hereby certify, and it is hereby witnessed,

that the Monies to become payable to the said Drainage Board under their final Award, for and in respect of the Drainage, Improvement, and other Works in the District «of i -

in the County of particularly mentioned, described, and referred

to in the Maps, Plans, Schedules, and Estimates deposited with the Commissioners of j Public Works in Ireland, pursuant to the said Act, are hereby charged with the Repayment of said Sum of, such Repayment to be made to the said or

other the Person entitled thereto in One Payment, at such Time after the Expiration of Years from the Date hereof as may be appointed by the said Drainage Board,

pursuant to Notice to be given for that Purpose, with Interest at and after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, such Interest to commence and to be computed from the Day, of the Date hereof, and be payable half-yearly, on each First Day of January and First Day of July, until the Principal Sum shall be repaid or be repayable, pursuant s to Notice, as aforesaid, which Sum so lent and advanced by the said was taken

up and borrowed by the said Drainage Board for the Purposes of said Act

In witness whereof the said Drainage Board have hereunto affixed their Common Seal,

this Day of .; '

Entered Common Seal/

And the, Monies mentioned in each such Debenture, with the Interest thereon, shall be charged upon and repayable and paid by the said Drainage Board out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands under the final Award to be made in respect of the Lands or District for or in respect of which such Monies shall have been borrowed; and any such Debentures Debenture may be transferred by any Instrument of Transfer or Assignment endorsed ^J^(j>etralls' thereon; and all Persons to whom such Securities shall be so given, or other Person entitled thereto by Endorsement thereon as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the Monies accruing and payable under such final Award, according to and in the Order of the Number of each such,

Debenture as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to make the Members of Drainage Boards or any of them personally, or their respective Lands or Tenements, Goods and Chattels, liable to the Repayment of any of the Monies to be borrowed or secured in pursuance of this Act, save in so far ad they are or may be liable under and by virtue of the Award to be made as hereinafter provided. Every Such Debenture as aforesaid, and every Assignment or Transfer thereof, shall be chargeable with the same Stamp Duty as a Bond for the like Amount and the Assignment or Transfer thereof ar& by the Laws in force subject or liable to respectively.

26 & 27 Vict. 3 D 35. In

«l

Drainage Boards to pay off Debentures on Notice after Period limited for such Purpose.

Power to Commissioners of Public Works to make Advances.

Application by Memorial.

Commissioners to make an Order for Advance.

Every Loan to be issued by Instalments.

On Completion of Works, Commissioners to make Award.

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 88.

35. In all Cases of Debentures issued as herein-before provided, it shall be lawful for the Drainage Boards, at any Time after the Expiration of the Period when, under the Provisions aforesaid, any such Debenture may upon Notice as aforesaid become payable, to publish a Notice in the Dublin Gazette, and in such Newspapers as they shall deem fit, fixing a Time, not sooner than Two Calendar Months from the Date of such last-mentioned Notice, when the Principal Money secured by any such Debenture shall be paid or payable, having regard to the numerical Order in which the several Debentures for the District shall have been executed by the Drainage Boards; and in such Notice the Debenture to become payable shall be described by the Name of such District in respect of the Works within which such Debenture shall have been so issued, and by the Number on such Debenture; and it shall be lawful for the Drainage Board, at the Expiration of the Time in such Notice stated, to pay off the Monies due on account of any such Debenture mentioned in such Notice; and from and after the Expiration of the Time appointed* by the said Notice the Interest upon the Principal Monies secured by any such Debenture shall cease and determine.

Loans of Public Monies to Drainage Boards.

36. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, upon Application of any Drainage Board, out of any Monies in their Hands available for Loans, by and with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and subject to such Rules and Regulations and Conditions as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think proper from Time to Time to make, to issue and advance to any Drainage Board such Sum and Sums of Money as they may think proper, to be applied for the Purposes of aiding in the Completion of the Works in any such District.

37. Every such Application shall be made by Memorial stating the particular Circumstances rendering such Loan necessary or expedient, the estimated Expense of the intended Works, the Period at which the same are proposed to be completed, and the Sum of Money in the Hands of the Drainage Board applicable to the said Works, together with such other Particulars as the Commissioners may require.

38. The Commissioners shall thereupon cause an Inquiry to be made into all the Circumstances of the Case, and may, if after such Inquiry they shall so think fit, make an Order for the Advance to the Drainage Board of the Money required for the Completion of the Works: Provided always, that no Issue or Instalment of any such Loan or Advance shall be made unless the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Drainage Board have

Jreviously bona fide expended a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of such Issue or nstalment in the Drainage and Improvement of Such District, nor in any Case shall any such Loan or Advance be made exceeding One Moiety of the Monies proposed to be expended on the Drainage and Improvement of such District; and every Loan to be made by the said Commissioners of Public Works under this Act shall be issued by Instalments not exceeding at any Time One Fifth of such Moiety; and no Second or any subsequent Instalment of any such Loan shall be made until it shall have been proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in such Manner as they shall require, that the preceding Instalment has been properly expended on the Works for which such Loan shall have been sanctioned and approved of by the said Commissioners.

30. As soon as conveniently may be after any Works for the Drainage or Improvement of any Land under this Act, or any other Work by this Act authorized to be executed, shall nave been completed, or, if the Commissioners shall think fit, on the Expiration of the Period by the Order of the Commissioners limited for the Completion of such Works, though the same may not have been fully completed, the said Commissioners shall make an Award or Awards as herein-after mentioned: They shall draw up, or cause to be drawn up, a Draft Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall describe m general Terms, and by Reference to Maps and Schedules or otherwise, as the Commissioners shall think proper, the Land or River drained or improved as aforesaid, and the Works which shall have been so completed; and such Award shall also specify the several Quantities belonging to the reputed Proprietors respectively of such Land so drained or improved as aforesaid, and the

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 395

original Value and the Increase of the Value of the Land so drained or improved; and such Award shall also specify the Amount of the Sums which shall have been expended upon and about the Works which shall have been so executed for Drainage or Improvements by Drainage, and all Expenses incident thereto; and such Award shall also specify the Amount of any Monies borrowed or contributed under the Provisions of this Act (otherwise than and except any Sum advanced or agreed to be advanced by the Commissioners of Public Works), and the Interest on the same from the Date of such Advance; and such Award shall specify the Proportions of such Sums payable in respect of the several Parcels or Portions of the Lands drained or improved by Drainage towards Payment of the total Amount of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of such Drainage or incidental thereto, and whether the same shall be repaid in One Sum or by Instalments, and if by Instalments the said Award shall also specify the said Instalments; and in every such Award regard shall be had to the Degree of Benefit conferred as aforesaid, and the Circumstances of each particular Case; and by such Draft Award the said Commissioners may also appropriate to each Proprietor so advancing Monies as aforesaid (if in their Opinion it shall be practicable to do so) a Portion of the entire Charge which shall be proportionate to the Sum so advanced by such Proprietor, and to declare such Proprietor to be entitled, in respect of such Portion, to a specified Charge affecting only certain specified Parcels or Denominations of the said Lands, or to declare any Two or more Proprietors so advancing Monies as aforesaid to be jointly entitled to any distinct proportionate Part of the Sum or Sums so to be charged on any distinct Parcel or Parcels, Denomination or Denominations of the said Lands, and in such Shares and Proportions between such last-mentioned Proprietors respectively as by such Draft Award shall be specified; and the said Commissioners may insert in every such Award all such other Determinations, Matters, and Things as they shall think necessary and proper; and the Commissioners shall also specify in every such Award the Proportions in which the Land drained and improved as aforesaid, and the Proprietors of such Lands in respect thereof respectively for the Time being, shall in future be annually charged towards the Costs and Expenses which may from Time to Time be incurred in or about the maintaining, cleansing, and keeping in repair the several Watercourses, Sluices, Drains, Ditches, Cuts, Rivers, Lakes, Streams, Tunnels, Culverts, Banks,

Bridges, Outlets, Weirs, Embankments, Fences, and other Works executed under this Act, and shall also specify, according to such Proportions as aforesaid, the Rato which shall be payable towards such Costs and Expenses as last aforesaid for the Year next ensuing the Date of such Award.

40. The Commissioners shall within One Calendar Month next after the making of said A Draft of the Award cauge a Draft thereof to be printed and sold at a Price not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence for each printed Copy thereof, and shall within such Calendar Month cause published^ and such Draft, or a Copy thereof, to be deposited in their Office, and another Copy with the a Copy de-Clerk of the Peace for every County wherein the Land or River, or any Part thereof, which shall have been drained or improved, may be situate; and such Clerk of the Peace is the Peace, hereby authorized and required to receive the same; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same on the Payment of Sixpence; and when such Draft Award has been so Notice thereof deposited, the Commissioners shall cause Notice thereof to be inserted once in each Week ^e^iwii^ces1 for Three successive Weeks in some One or more Newspapers usually circulated in such and inserted in District or the Vicinity thereof; and the Commissioners shall by such Notice require all Newspapers, Persons who may desire to lodge Objections to the said Award to lodge the same at such ^robjecting Place and before such Time as shall be specified in the said Notice; and the Commissioners thereto to send shall also in the said Notice state that they will proceed to hear any Objections which may their Objec-be lodged, and to settle the Award, at such Time and Place in or near such District as tions* shall be specified in the said Notice, such Time not to be sooner than One Calendar Month from the first Publication of such Notice.

41. For the Purpose of enabling the Commissioners to make such Award, the said DrainageBoard Drainage Board shall furnish and submit to the Commissioners all Accounts, Plans, Maps, Specifications, and other Documents and Information in their Power or Procurement

relating to the District respecting which such Award is intended to be made.

3 D 2 42. The

Commissioners or One of them to examine into Objections.

Award to be enrolled.

Apportioned Expenses to be charged on Lands.

In case of Nonpayment of Money so charged, Drainage Boards may enter into Receipt of the Rents, and mortgage the Land.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

42. The Commissioners or One of them shall attend at such Time and Place as he shrill so appoint, and examine into the Matter of any Objection which shall be so lodged to the Award, and shall hear all such proper Evidence as may be offered to them or him in respect thereof, and shall make such Alterations (if any) in the said Award as they or he shall think: fit, and may adjourn such Attendance from Time to Time, and shall settle and seal such Award.

43. Every Award, when finally settled by the said Commissioners, with proper Schedules, Map, or Plan referred to, describing the District and the Lands therein to which such Award shall relate, shall be enrolled in the Rolls Office of Her Majesty's Court of Chancery in Ireland; and such Award, when so finally settled and enrolled, shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and a Copy thereof, certified by the proper Officer of Her Majesty's Rolls Office, shall be Evidence that it was duly made, anu that all the Requisitions of this Act in relation thereto were complied with; and the said Drainage Board shall, within One Month after the said Award shall be finally settled, cause such Award to be printed and kept for Sale at a Price not exceeding T^ro Shillings and Sixpence for each printed Copy thereof; and such Award shall be entitled, "The — -r- District Apportionment of Expenses Award."

44. The respective Sums of Money which by the Award of the Commissioners 'shall be specified as the Proportions or Contributions payable in respect of the several Parcels or Portions of the Land drained or improved by Drainage, or by any Works under this Act, towards the total Amount of the Sums (other than any Rentcharge payable in respect1 bf any Advance of Public Money as aforesaid) expended in and about such Drainage or Improvements as aforesaid, with Interest for such respective Sums of Money at the Ratenot exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Date of such Award, shall be charged on such several Parcels or Portions of the Land so drained or improved as aforesaid, and that in preference to and with Priority over all Incumbrances on such Land, save thbse created under the Authority or Provisions of any Act of Parliament heretofore passed, and save the Rentcharge payable in respect of any Advance of Public Money under this Act as aforesaid, and any Quit or Crown Rent or Rentcharge in lieu of Tithe issuing thereout.

45* If any Sum of Money so; charged as aforesaid, or any Instalment thereof, ot tiny Interest in respect thereof, shall remain unpaid for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for the Payment of the same by the said Award, then it shall be lawful for the Drainage Board, or any Person authorized by them, to enter ppon the Land charged with or liable to the Payment of the Sum of Money or Interest so ih arrear, or any Part thereof, (but subject nevertheless to such Quit or Chief Rent, or other Incumbrance, if any, as aforesaid^) and the Rents and Profits of such Land to recriVO ahfi take, until thereby or otherwise the Sum and Interest so due (together with rill Costs and Expenses attending or occasioned by such Entry and Receipt of the Rents, Profits, dnd Issues of such Land) shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon the Application by Petition of the Drainage Board, to.pppoijnt a Receiver of the Rents, Profits, and Issues of such Land, which Receiver shall have rail Ppwer to> receive the same Rents, Profits, and Issues, and apply the same, after Deduction of the necessary Expenses of the Application to the saip Court, Order Proceedings thereon^ apd of such Quit or Chief Rent issuing Qut of such Lands and Premises (if any), and without Prejudice to such prior Incumbrances, or any Remedy for t^hp Recovery of the ' same, respectively in Payment of the Sum and Interest so due, until the same shall be fully paid; and it shall also be lawful for the Drainage Board, if they shall so think fit, to raise such Sum and Interest, and all Costs and Expenses attendant thereon, by MbrtgsfgeGf such: Land or a competent Prirt thereof; and every «uoh Mortgage, and every Receipt given for the Consideration Money, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Mortgagee shall be bound t6 see to the Application of his Mortgage Money, or to inquire whether the Mortgage made by the Drainage Board is hereby authorized];

inctsdofLban 40. In case any eufeh Loan Shall hrivebeen mode to ariy DraimgorBoard by th§<Com-b7^ciMBd8T toie&ioners Of Public1 Works as afortooaidy then and ih «icb!Ca& It kKilPbe iawfeldbr; &c

Burners of, n.

n n > . Commissioners,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

Commissioners, on the Completion of the Works in the District within the Pernod mentioned in the Order of the Commissioners, or within such further Period as the Commissioners may have appointed for the Completion of the said Works, or in case the Works in any District shall not be completed within either of the Periods aforesaid, then at such Time as the I Commissioners shall think proper, they shall make an Award for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions in which the several Lands within such District shall be chargeable with the Repayment of such Loan by the Commissioners, together with Interest on the same, from the Date of such Advance until the Date of such Award; and such Award shall be called u The — — - District Repayment of Public Advances Award/ and shall describe, by Reference to Maps, Plans, or otherwise, the Land or River in respect of which such 1 Award shall have been made, and shall specify the several Lands, and Quantities belonging ' to the reputed Proprietors respectively of such Land, and the Amount of such Loan and Interest as aforesaid, and all other Expenses incurred by the said Commissioners in respect thereof, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act; and such Award shall specify the Principal Monies advanced by the Commissioners, and Interest thereon at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum from the respective Dates of such Advances; and such Consolidated Sum of Principal and Interest shall by such Award be apportioned amongst the respective Proprietors in such District, and on their Lands respectively; and Suich Awards shall speoify the respective Amounts of the gross Sums of Money and the Rentohafges payable in respect of such Loan, Interest, and Expenses, as aforesaid, which, shall be charged upon the said several Parcels or Portions of Land as aforesaid, regard being had to the Circumstances of the Case, and the Degree, of Benefit.(inferred or expected to be conferred epan the said several Lands by the said several Works within the said District; and the like Proceedings in all respects shall be had with regard to the said last-mentioned; Award os are herein-before directed of and concerning the aforesaid Award to be made after the Completion of the Works within any District, called District, Apportionment of Expenses Award *

47. The several Lands mentioned in any such Award as last aforesaid shall, from the Date of such Award, become charged with the Payment to Her Majesty of an annual Rentcharge of Six Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds charged on the said Lands respectively, and so in proportion for any lesser Amount, to be payable for the Term of Twenty-two Years, to be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of October; whiph shall next happen after the making of such Award, such Rentcharge to be paid W equal half-yearly Payments on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth Day of October in every jTear, the First of such Payments to be made on the Second of such Days which shall happen, after the, Date of such Award: Provided always, that where the gross Smp chargeable upon any particular Parcel or Denomination of Lands in respect of any such Advance of Public jMonips^ shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for

t the Commissioners, by. their said Award, to fix and determine the Instalments by which such, Sum, together with Interest the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum from t^ie Date of such Award, shall prepaid, and such Instalments shall be charged and recovered in . like Manner as the Rentcharge aforesaid*.

48. Every such Rentcharge or Instalment to be secured by any such Award shall take Priority of all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever and whensoever made, save and (except Quitrents and Rentcharges in lieu of Tithes, and also save all Charges prior in Date (if any) created under the Authority or Provisions of any Act of Parliament heretofore passed.

49. All Monied, including the Rentcharges aforesaid, charged by virtue: of this Act upon any Lands, shall be held to be chargeable upon the whole of any Denomination or Townlabd any Part of which shall be drained or improved under the Provisions of this Act, or upon any? Portions thereof belonging to the same Proprietor which may by the Award of the Commiwioiier8/be'iiiado chargeable; /

50J The Rentehaygefc which shall <bmoxm payable under this Act shell be plud^to the

Commisawmers of Public Works he /refold; or to t $uoh Person1 fmd ifMUOh Maweriaathe

t: si ' a-)Commissioners

397

Public Work *, they may make Award.

A Rentcharge of 6/. 10*. for every 100/. charged.

Priority of Rent-charge.

Charges to extend to the entire Denomination of Land drained.

/lUntebarge*' toibe pmft.

Certain Clauses in 10 & 11 Vict c. 32. incorporated.

Powers of Commissioners as to summoning Witnesses, &c.

Costs of Arbitration to be deemed Part of Expenses.

Tenants paying Monies on account of Landlord to deduct them from Rent,

Proprietors of less than Fee Simple may charge the Expenses on the Lands.

Commissioners to determine Amount of increased Bent to

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time signify and appoint, by Notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette for that Purpose, and the Receipt of the said Commissioners or their Accountant, or such other Person to whom they shall be so directed to be paid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

51. The Thirty-ninth, Fortieth, Forty-second, Forty-third, Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-seventh, Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, Fifty-first, Fifty-second, Fifty-third, and Sixty-fifth Sections of the Act Tenth Victoria, Chapter Thirty-two, together with the Schedules referred to by the said Sections or any of them, shall be deemed to be incorporated in this Act, save that every Act therein directed to be done by or to the Paymaster of Civil Services shall be done by or to the Commissioners of Public Works, and shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as any such Act would have been if done by or to the said Paymaster under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

52. The Commissioners shall have the same Powers of summoning Witnesses, and calling for the Inspection of Documents, and generally for the ascertaining of all Matters to enable them to make their Award, as are by the [Railways Act, Ireland (1851), and Railways Act, Ireland (1860), given to an Arbitrator acting under the said Acts; and they shall also have Power, by themselves and their Servants, to enter upon any Lands within the Drainage District, in case they shall deem it necessary or expedient so to do, for the Purposes of their Award.

53. All Costs, Charges, and Expenses of any Arbitration under this Act, and of making any Award by the Commissioners, shall be included by the Commissioners making any Award under this Act in the Monies chargeable and apportioned by virtue of such Award.

54. Every Occupier of any Land who, not being a Proprietor thereof within the Meaning of this Act, shall pay for the Land in his Occupation, on account of his Landlord, any Sum charged thereupon under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, shall and he is hereby authorized to deduct and retain out of his Rent the Amount of the Sum of Money which he shall so pay as aforesaid, and the next immediate Landlord of such Occupier, if not himself a Proprietor of such Land within the Meaning of this Act, shall and he is hereby authorized to make the like Deduction from the Rent payable by him, and so on, each Sub-Lessee and Sub-Lessor of such Land, not being a Proprietor thereof within the Meaning of this Act, being entitled to deduct the same so charged upon such Land under or by virtue of this Act from the Rent payable to his next immediate Landlord, until such Deduction shall be made from the Rent payable to a Person being a Proprietor within the Meaning of this Act, who shall not be entitled to make any such Deduction from the Rent, if any, payable by him; and every such Occupier, Sub-Lessee, or Sub-Lessor paying any such Sum of Money shall be acquitted and discharged of the Sum so paid by him as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid to his Landlord (except where there may be a Covenant to the contrary in any Lease or Agreement for a Lease); but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to enable any Occupier or Lessee to deduct from his Rent any Costs or Expenses incurred by Nonpayment of the Monies hereby imposed or authorized to be levied.

55. Any Person entitled to less than an immediate Estate of Fee Simple may charge (according to the Priority aforesaid) the Land to which he shall be entitled, and which shall have been drained or improved by Drainage under the Provisions of this Act, with the Proportion of any Expenses to be defrayed by him under the Award as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, with lawful Interest thereon, but so nevertheless that the Charge upon such Lands or Premises shall be lessened in every successive Year (to be computed from the Date of such Award) by the Amount of at least One Twentieth Part of the whole Sum of the Instalments charged thereon by the Award, and the Interest in respect thereof.

56. After the Completion of any Drainage Works under this Act, in case any Land which shall be drained or improved by such Drainage Works shall be in the Occupation of a Person who shall not be a Proprietor thereof within the Meaning of the Provisions in

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

that Behalf herein-before contained, or in case any Land so drained or improved shall be held under any Person who shall, within the Meaning of the aforesaid Provisions, .be 4 Proprietor thereof, by any other Person or Persons, under any Lease, Agreement, or Contract for a Lease, or shall be held under any Lease, Agreement, or Contract for a Lease granted or made by any Person or Persons having any immediate or derivative Title from or under such Proprietor, then and in such Case the Commissioners, if called upon so to do, shall determine the Amount of increased Kent or Bents which such Occupant and other Person or Persons having such immediate or derivative Title from or under such Proprietor as aforesaid shall pay in consequence of any Improvement of such Land, regard being had to the Duration, Extent, and Value of the Interest of such Occupant or Person or Persons in such Land, and the necessary Expenses to be incurred in the Cultivation thereof, and the peculiar Circumstances of each Case, and specially to the Amount of Benefit derived by the Tenant by means of the Works, or, at his Option, of the annual Rentcharge which under this Act would cover the Expenses of such Works; and the Landlord or respective Landlords of such Occupant or other Person or Persons, and every intermediate Landlord, shall have the same Remedies for the Recovery of such increased Rent or Rents as he or they was or were entitled to for the Rent or Rents originally reserved; and the Decision of the Commissioners shall be signified by Endorsement sealed by them on the Lease or Instrument, or Leases or Instruments of Demise, or by a separate Instrument, to be executed in like Manner: Provided always, that Notice shall be given by the Commissioners to the Occupier or other Person whose Rent is proposed to be increased of the Intention to make such Increase, and by such Notice a Time and Place shall be specified at which it shall be lawful for such Occupier or other Person to appear before the Commissioners, and make any fair and reasonable Objection which he may have to the Rent being increased by the Commissioners in the Manner aforesaid.

57. For the Purpose of effectually maintaining and upholding, in all Cases in which Works shall be executed under this Act, all and singular the Drains, Watercourses, Banks, Sluices, Flood Grates, Tunnels, Water Grates, Buildings, Bridges, and other Works, and of supplying in such Cases all Things that may be required to work the same, and for the Payment of all necessary Expenses of Maintenance of Works of Drainage, Water Power, and all other Expenses incident thereto, and all Costs, Charges, and Liabilities from Time to Time properly incurred by them in the .Execution of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Drainage Board, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, onCe in every Year to meet in some convenient Place, and then to determine and fix the Sum of Money that shall be contributed and raised during the then ensuing Year for the Purposes of effecting, sustaining, supporting, and upholding all and singular the aforesaid Works, and for other the Purposes of this Act, and (having regard to and in the Proportions fixed for such Purpose by the said Award) to assess, rate, and tax the Proprietors of the said Land for and towards the Payment and Satisfaction of all such Sums of Money, Costs, Charges, and Expenses as may be required for the Purposes last aforesaid, and for the Payment and Satisfaction of any Sum of Money raised for such Purposes, and the Interest thereof; and the said sevetal Sums so rated and assessed shall be charged on the Land so drained or improved, in preference to and with Priority over all Incumbrances thereon: Provided nevertheless, that any Quit or Crown Rent, or Rentcharge in lieu of Tithe, issuing thereout, and any Rentcharge under this Act, shall have Priority to such Sums of Money so rated or assessed; and the Drainage Board shall have the same Powers, Rights, and Privileges, by Entry or Mortgage, to enforce the Payment of all such last-mentioned Sums of Money, tiosts, Charges, and Assessments as are herein-before given to them for the enforcing Payment of the Sums charged under the Award as aforesaid,

58. It shall be lawful for the Drainage Board from Time to Time and at any Time, for such Considerations as they may think proper, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners signified under their Seal, to release any Portion of the Lands of any Proprietor from the whole or any Part of any Charge payable to such Board under the Provisions of this Act; and no such Release shall affect the Rights or Remedies of such Board as against the Residue of the Lands, Part of which may be so released, or in respect of the Residue of any such Charge.

59. It

399

be paid for Land hnprored.

Drainage Boards to bold annual Meetings, and fix the Amount to be raised for Maintenance and Repairs for the ensuing Year.

Power to Drainage Board to release.

Power to Drainage Board to sell Lands not required.

Power lo recover Maintenance Rates by Civil Bill.

Service of Notices on Occupiers and Proprietors.

Notices to Corporations to be left at their principal Office.

On Death of Arbitrator, Commissioners to appoint another.

Commissioners of Public Works may appoint an Officer to inspect and report upon Execution of Works.

Costs of legal Proceedings on Part of Drainage Boards.

26° & 27°'VICTORIA, c. 88.

59. It shall be lawful for any such Drainage Board from Time to Time, with the like Consent of the said Commissioners signified as aforesaid, for such Considerations as they may think proper, to sell and convey any of the Lands which they may have acquired under the Provisions of this Act, and which may be no longer required by such Board: Provided that the said Drainage Board, before they shall sell or dispose of any such Land as aforesaid, shall first offer the same to the Person to whose Estate the same originally belonged-and then to the Person whose Estate shall adjoin thereto, and such Land snail not be sola to any other Person at such Price as the Persons entitled to a Preference shall be willing to give for them, or at any lower Price.

00. The said Rates or Charges for Maintenance of the said Works in any District shall also be recoverable by Civil Bill, brought by the Drainage Board to which the same shall be payable, against the Person or Persons for the Time being in Possession or in Receipt of the Rents or Profits of the Lands in respect of which such Rates or Charges shall be payable.

61. Except where a special Mode of Service is provided by this Act, all Notices required to be served by virtue of this Act upon the Occupier or Proprietor of any Land shall either be served personally on him, or be left at his last usual Place of Abode in Ireland, if any such can after diligent Inquiry be found, and in case he is absent from the United Kingdom, and his last usual Place of Abode cannot be found after diligent Inquiry, it shall be affixed on some conspicuous Part of such Premises.

62. If any Occupier or Proprietor on whom Notice is to be served is a Corporation Aggregate, or Joint Stock or other Company, or Body of Proprietors or Undertakers, such Notice shall be left at the Principal Office of such Corporation, Company, or Body, or if no such Office can after diligent Inquiry be found, shall be served on some Agent, if any, of such Corporation, Company, or Body, but if no such Officer or Agent can be found it shall be left with the Occupier of the Lands, or if there be no such Occupier shall be affixed on some conspicuous Part of such Lands.

63. If any Arbitrator appointed for any of the Purposes of this Act shall die, or refuse, decline, or become incapable to act, the Commissioners may from Time to Time, and as often as same may become necessary, appoint an Arbitrator in his Place, who shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the Arbitrator first appointed.

64. After the Constitution of a Drainage District under the Provisions of this Act, and during the Execution of any Works by the Drainage Board of such District, it may be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works, upon the Application of any Person or Persons who shall have advanced any Monies for the Purpose of the Works to be executed within such Drainage District, and in case it shall seem expedient to the said Commissioners, to appoint a duly qualified Officer to proceed to the District to inspect the Execution of the said Works, and to report to the said Commissioners upon the Sufficiency or Insufficiency thereof, and thereupon the said Commissioners shall make such Order relative to the Execution, Alteration, or Modification of such Works as to them will seem requisite, and transmit such Order to the Drainage Board of such District; and the Drainage Board shall thereupon proceed with the Execution, Alteration, or Modification of such Works, in accordance with the said Order of the Commissioners; and in the event of any Drainage Board wilfully neglecting or refusing to comply with such Orders, it shall be lawful for the Persons who shall have advanced any Monies for the Purpose of the Works to apply by summary Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and thereupon such Court shall make such Order thereon as shall seem just, and shall issue any Writ or Writs of Injunction to enforce any such Order, and shall have Power to adjudge by whom the Costs of any such Proceedings shall be borne.

65. All Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred by Drainage Boards in instituting or defending any legal Proceedings instituted or defended by them in their Character of Drainage Boards may be defrayed out of the Rates leviable by them, and no Member of a Drainage Board shall be personally liable in respect of any such Costs, Chargee, or Expenses.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, v. m 461

66. That every Person upon Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the Commit Any Person

sioners, or any Officer appointed by them, and also every Person making any Affidavit, ijt

Declaration, Deposition, or Affirmation, who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evi- of Perjury. dence, or shall in such Affirmation, Affidavit, Declaration, or Deposition wilfully or corruptly swear, affirm, or allege any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties of Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by any Law in force for the Time being.

Tender of Amends.

67. If any Party has committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful# Pro- Tender of cecding in the Execution of this Act, or by virtue of any Power or Authority hereby Amends, given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Party makes Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender has been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay

into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

Saving Clauses and Miscellaneous.

68. Nothing in this Act shall authorize any Drainage Board or Proprietor — Saving Eights

(1.) To interfere with any Sewers or other Works already or hereafter made and used for the Purpose of draining, preserving, irrigating, or improving Land under any wharfingers. Public, Local, or Private Act of Parliament, so as to injuriously affect the same; &c.

(2.) To interfere with any Lake, River, Canal, Dpck, Harbour, Lock, Reservoir, or Basin, or the Supply of Water to any Lake, River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, Lock,

Reservoir, or Basin, so as to injuriously affect the Navigation on such Lake,

River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, Lock, Reservoir, ox Basin, or the Use or Maintenance thereof, or to interfere with any Towing-path so as to interrupt the Traffic thereof, in Cases where any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, Commissioners, Conservators, Trustees, or Individuals are by virtue of any Act of Parliament or otherwise entitled to navigate on or use such Lake, River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, Lock, Reservoir, or Basin, or in respect of the Navigation on or Use of which Lake, River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, Lock, Reservoir, or Basin any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, Commissioners, Conservators, and Trustees, or Individuals are entitled by virtue of any Act of Parliament to the Receipt of any Tolls or other Dues;

(3.) To interfere with the Works or Supply of Water of any Body or Persons, corporate or unincorporate, supplying Water to any Town or Place, so as to injuriously affect the same;

(4.) To execute any Works in, through, or under any Wharfs, Quays, Docks, Harbours, or Basins belonging to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any inland Navigation constituted by Act of Parliament or otherwise, or for the Use of which they are entitled by virtue of any Act of Parliament or otherwise to demand any Tolls or Dues;

without the Consent of such Corporation, Company, Undertakers, Commissioners, Conservators, Trustees, or Individuals as are herein-before in that Behalf respectively mentioned, such Consent to be expressed in Writing, in the Case of Individuals under their Hands, in the Case of a Corporation under their Common Seal, and in the Case of a Company,

Undertakers, Commissioners, Conservators, or Trustees under the Hand of their Clerk, or other duly authorized Officer or Agent.

69. Nothing in this Act shall authorize any Drainage Board to divert any River in such j5oardfignot to Manner as to injure or to diminish the Supply of Water to any Harbour, without the divert Rivers Consent of the Conservators or any Authority haring the Management of such Harbour. & as to injure

70. Any Corporation, Company, Undertakers, Commissioners, Conservators, Trustees, Power to Canal or individuals authorized by virtue of any Act of Parliament to navigate on or use any Commissioners

2G & 27 VICT. 3 E ° River, <o alter Sower*.

402 26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 88.

River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, or Basin, or to demand any Tolls or Dues in respect of the Navigation on such River or Canal, or the Use of such Dock, Harbour, or Basin, may, at their own Expense, and on substituting other Sewers, Drains, Culverts, and Pipes equally effectual, and certified as such by the Surveyor of the Drainage Board, take up, divert, or alter the Level of Sewers, Drains, Culverts, or Pipes constructed by the Drainage Board, and passing under or interfering with or with the Improvement or Alteration of such River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, or Basin, or the Towing-path of such River, Canal, Dock, Harbour, or Basin, and do all such Matters and Things as may be necessary for carrying into effect such taking-up, Diversion, or Alteration.

Penalty on Persons creating Obstructions or Nuisances.

71. No Person shall cause or permit any Obstruction in or otherwise injuriously affect any Watercourse in respect of which any Works shall have been commenced or executed by any Drainage Board, or shall, without the Consent of the Drainage Board, cause any filthy or unwholesome Water, or Washings of Manufactories or Mines, or other foul or poisonous Liquid, to flow into any such Watercourse; and any Person offending against this Enactment shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Day during which the Offence is continued, to be recovered in a summary Way before Two or more Justices at Petty Sessions; but this Section shall not apply to any Person having a legal Right to create such Obstruction or other Injury, or to cause such Water, Washing, or Liquid as aforesaid to flow into any existing Watercourse.

Power to

72. If the Commissioners shall be of opinion that for the Purpose of carrying out the

Drainage Works in any District it is necessary to rebuild or alter any existing Bridge, move or alter Culvert, or Archway for the Discharge of Water under any public Road, it shall be lawful any insufficient for any Drainage Board (having first obtained the Certificate of the Commissioners to that Bridges, &c. Effect) to take down and remove or to alter such Bridge, Culvert, or Archway, the Drainage Board (when in the Opinion of the Commissioners necessary) constructing a temporary Bridge, Culvert, or Archway in the Place of that so to be taken down, removed, or altered, and supporting and maintaining the same until the Completion of the Works necessary for the Restoration to public Use of such Bridge, Culvert, or Archway; and in every Case where an existing Bridge, Culvert, or Archway shall be taken down and removed the Drainage Board shall construct a new Bridge, Culvert, or Archway, with the necessary Roads of Approach thereto respectively, according to such Plans, Specification, and Estimate as shall have been submitted to and approved by the said Commissioners; and the Expense of such temporary and permanent Bridge, Culvert, or Archway and Roads shall (save as herein-after mentioned) form Part of the Costs of the Works in the District in which the same may be situated.

In case new

73. Provided always, That in case the Commissioners shall be of opinion that the original ^o^d confer bridge had been so constructed as to be an Impediment to the natural Discharge of the apublicBenefit Water, having reference to the State of the River, Stream, or Drain in its unimproved a Portion of Condition, or in case the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that such new Bridge, tobeCulvert, or Archway, when so constructed, will confer greater Advantages on the Public the County J than the former Bridge, Culvert, or Archway, by affording an improved Means of Communication or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue a Certificate under their Seal declaring the Amount which the County within which such Works shall be situate ought to contribute towards the Expenses so incurred by the said Drainage Board; and such Certificate shall be laid before the Grand Jury of the said County at the Assizes next after the issuing of the same; and the Grand Jury of the said County is hereby authorized and required, without any Application to Presentment Sessions, to present the Amount mentioned in such Certificate to fcbe levied off the County at large by such Sums and at such Times as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, and to be paid to the said Drainage Board.

Proviso in case 74. Provided also, That where any such new Bridge, Culvert, or Archway shall be over ]f*dffebe* any Stream or River forming a Boundary between Two Counties, the Commissioners shall mT^>in their said Certificate state that the said Amount shall be chargeable on and paid by the ties. said Counties in equal Moieties, and such Proceedings shall be had with reference to the

403

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

several Moieties of such Amount, and the Presentment, levying, and Payment of the same respectively, as are herein-before directed with respect to the entire Amount, when chargeable on One County in manner aforesaid.

75. And in case any such Grand Jury shall refuse to present the Sum mentioned in any such Certificate, the Court shall make an Order directing the Treasurer to insert such Sum in his Warrant, and the same shall be levied off such County in the same Manner as if the same had been duly presented by such Grand Jury, and thenceforth such Bridges, Culverts, Archways, and Roads shall be the Property of such County or Counties.

76. And whereas it may happen that by reason of the Works to be executed in ' pursuance of the Provisions of this Act it may be convenient to alter the Boundaries of the Lands of different Owners, and therefore that such Powers of Exchange should be given to the Commissioners as after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon the Application in Writing of the Persons interested as Owners, as herein-before defined, except Persons holding under a Lease reserving Rent for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years, in any Lands which shall be drained or improved under the Provisions of this Act, or in any Lands adjacent to any such Lands, and who shall desire to effect an Exchange of Lands in which they respectively shall be so interested, to direct Inquiries whether such proposed Exchange would be beneficial to the Owners of such respective Lands, and has been rendered necessary or expedient by reason of any such Drainage or Improvement as aforesaid; and in case the Commissioners shall be of opinion that such an Exchange would be beneficial *, and that the Terms of the proposed Exchange are just and reasonable, they shall cause to be framed and confirmed, under the Seal of the Commissioners, an Order of Exchange, with a Map or Plan thereunto annexed, in which Order shall be specified and shown the Lands given and taken in Exchange by each Person so interested respectively, and a Copy of such Order shall be delivered to each of the Parties on whose Application the Exchange shall have been made, and such Order of Exchange shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be in nowise liable to be impeached by reason of any Infirmity of Estate or Defect of Title of the Persons on whose Application the same shall have been made; and the Land taken upon every such Exchange shall be and enure to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the same Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Lands given on such Exchange would have stood limited or been subject to in case such Order had not been made; and all Expenses with reference to such Order and Exchange, or the Inquiries in relation thereto, or to any proposed Exchange, shall be borne by the Persons on whose Application such Order shall have been made or such Inquiries undertaken: Provided always, that no Exchange shall be made of any Land held in right of any Church or Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron of such Benefice: Provided also, that no One Lot or Parcel of Land given or taken in Exchange shall ever exceed Ten Acres; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize the Payment of any Sum of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, or in respect of any such Exchange, and the Monies so given shall be paid and divided by the said Commissioners in such manner as they shall think fit, and for the compensating the Parties interested in the Land given in Exchange, and according to their respective Estates and Interests, and the Decision of the Commissioners in the Premises shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested in such Lands.

77. Provided always, That no such Order of Exchange as aforesaid shall be confirmed by the Commissioners until Notice shall have been given by Advertisement, in Three successive Weeks, of such proposed Exchange, and Three Calendar Months shall have elapsed from the Publication of the last of such Advertisements; and in case, before the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months, any Person entitled to any Estate in or to any Charge upon any Land included in such proposed Exchange shall give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of his Dissent from such proposed Exchange, the Commissioners shall not confirm an Order for such Exchange unless such Dissent shall be withdrawn, or it shall

3 E 2 be

In case Grand Jury refuse to present, the Court to make an Order.

Exchanges may be made of Land.

Notices of such Exchanges to be given.

404

Security to be given.

Provision in case of Alteration of local Boundary.

Power to Drainage Boards, in case1 Mill Power be improved, with Owner's Con- 1 sent, to rate the Millowner towards the Expenses of the Works.

, 26" &:27?; y*G$OR*. c.m

be shown to the Commissioners that the Estate or Charge of the Party so dissenting shall have ceased. ? t

78. Provided also, That before taking any Proceedings in reference fp finy such

Exchange th? Commissioners may required Security dr Deposit of a Sum of Moneyto be given by the Person making the Application far the Expanses to be incurred attejidio^ such Proceedings i 1/ /

79. Where, in exercise of any Powers given by thisj Act, any Watercourse fanning a Boundary Line between Two or more Counties, Batons, Unions*: Parishes* Or otoher Areas defined by Law is straightened, widenpd^ or otherwise altered; $0 as to nffcfct its Character as a Boundary Line, the Drainage Board* under Syhppe Authority sujdh: Alteration is made, shall forthwith report the same to the Lord Lieutenant in Council, ^ho* if satisfied that a new Boundary Line may be adopted with Convenience* shall; by Notice: to be published in the Dublin Gazette and in such other Manner aa he may direeft, declare that the Watercourse as altered shall either wholly or partially be substituted< for the former Boundary Line, and the Limits of the Areas of which the Watercourse when unaltered was the Boundary shall be deemed to be varjed nccpr4iflgly; but if the Lo^d Liefktendht in Council is of opinion that a hew Boundary canupt wholly, oripurti^lly be Adoptedf with Convenience, he riiall require the Drainage Board under whop e, Authority- the AUeration iin the Watercourse was made to set out a Boundary, (upon the Lippe , of the; Watercourse atf it existed before its Alteration, ' or lit a new Course in lieu thereof *, in such MiutmCr As he may direct and approve; and p, popy of thg Dublin Gazette containing, the Advertisement in respect of any Alteration of Boundary madp ip pursuance of this -Bectfaa riiall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Justice of the Fact of such Alteration! having bqen

made#t

80. In case the Proprietor of'nny Mill or Factory shall coh^ent ^that any Dim, Worn, or Watercourse, or other Work or Obetrectibniteoiinocft^d with such Mill dr Factory, shsjtl, for the Purpose of Drainage to be effected under this Apt1, be altered and rebuilt, or that such Mill or Factory shall, by any Works of the Drmnrigd Board, obtain anyinercased Water Bower, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to fix and determine the Amoui^ of .Kate ov poutribption whiph shall be(paid: :by rile Proprietor bf such Mili'or Fpctoryjor the Improvement which shall be so effected, towards the Repayment of the Costs and Expenses of the Works to be executed within the District within which such Mill or Factory is situate, and the Rate which ^hfllj bj^ppid jin. fufcwen fan Jsunhl increased Wafer Power; and the

Recovery, of any, qthGfi - Bates

tlUS I'r.tJ-U f *

//, »!. i 0

Charges

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Actw

rity of

RtFLES AS to ELijCT^OK, OF., 01? The {Chairman of the Board of the previous Year, or sot

Drainage Boards. previous I ear, or some Perwn appointed by him, shall be the Returning Ofljcer. r - ir \. i r !: r , i: 1 . .; i r

If at any Tiriio, ' Any D(^ilt of, such ^Qha innan as; , aforesaid, m from any; Reason, them or such Returning Officer is unwillitgf^r nnnblo'to acit, the

Members of the Board of the preceding Year may appoint a Returipjmgj Officer; in his ij[tea<L. r jiif - r ' - ' , .K' .; , i' " "/ ' 1 j, r

- Th& Elefanoi/of amew Mfcn&eite'&hjVII ritttcfi bn Bin First Thin?sdn.v

405

20? & 27*VrCf(>RI*; c. 88.

1 ? By Advertisement in some One or more of the Newspapers circulating in the District:

By causing a Copy of such Notice to be affixed to the outer Door of the principal Office, of the Board:

£uch Advertisement to be published, and Copy to be fixed, Fourteen Days before the, Day appointed for such Election.

The Returning Officer shall preside and regulate the Proceedings at such Meeting.

At any such Meeting as aforesaid any qualified Person or Persons may, if he or they consent thereto, be nominated by any Elector, and seconded by any other Elector, as a Member o* Members of the Board in the Place of any retiring Member or Members.

t tlfitnoro Candidates are proposed than the Number to be elected, the Returning Officer *: shall forthwith, in such Manner shall appear to him most convenient, ascertain the: Number of Votes for the Candidates Who shall have been so proposed, and the Election and Return of such Candidates shall be determined by the Majority of such Votes; but if no more Candidates are proposed than the Number to be elected, then a Declaration by the Returning Officer tihat the Candidates are elected Members of the Board shall be Evidence of the Facfc. '

For the Purpose of ascertaining the Votes of the Electors the Returning Officer may, if ihotbinhft tfit, or if it shhll bo necessary or expedient, hold an adjourned Meeting of the KleWors, at Mtch Time and Place as he may fix at such First Meeting, and the Tune and tPJaoeiof such adjourned Meeting shall be publicly announced by him at the First Meeting, to be held as before provided. i: Votes rtuiy be given either personally or by proxy. A Proxy shall be appointed under the! Hand of ihc Appointor; but no Person shall be appointed a Proxy unless he is a: qualified Elector.

The Returning Officer shall cause to be entered in the Polling Books to be kept for that Purple thpiNatuc and Address of every Voter, and the Manner in which he votes.

After the .Election the Returning Officer shall, as soon as possible, publish the Names of the Candidates elected as herein mentioned:—

(E) By Advertisement in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in <, the District:

; (2.) By affixing a List of such Candidates to the outer Door of the principal Office of the

1(jBonrd. t, i j,

it:, i Rgees ab to Proceedings of Drainage Boards.

1 1., hp Drainage Rpfurd shall meet together for the Despatch of Business, and shall from Time to ^Tiine inake such Regplationri with respect Aoi the summoning, Notice, Place, Management, and Adjournment of such Meetings, and generally Avith respect to the Transaction and Management of Business, as they think fit, subject to the following Condition: — That —

(a) No Business shall be transacted at any Meeting unlero at l^aat Three Members are

present atJthe Cttoitoencement and+Olose df'fofcn business:

(b) All Questions shall be decided by a Minority of Vpte? of tire Members'present:

(c) The Names of the Mettibers pfesent, as well as of those voting upon each Question,

t(..| shall be i^oordedi ' 1 >

2. The Board shall, at their First Meeting* and afterwards from Time to Time at their

First Meeting! after ealeh annual: Election, appoint One of t|ieir Number to be Chairman for the Year 'following such Choice.' t r

3. If any baada! VaCitnCy occurs in the Office of Chairman, the Board shall, as soon as

they conveniently c^in aft^r the (Recurrence of such Vacancy, choose some Member of their Number! to1 fin »UCh Vacancy; and every such Chairman} sp elected as last aforesaid shall COiltiftheiii Office so longronly as the Person iq whose Place he may be bo elected would have been entitled tp continue if gjuch Vacancy had pof happened.* >

1 4. , p jii\i\ny Meeting t|ie Chairman i# mot present at the Time1 appointed for holding the same, the Membpi^ pfpcpt^aijl chpofC sourd One o£> their Number to be Chairman of such Mating.

5. In

So much of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 76. as authorizes Conveyances other than in Warrant, repealed.

Sect. 3 of 8 & 9 Vict c. 117. extended to Ireland.

Sect. 4 of the same Act repealed.

Penalty imposed upon wilful Desertion of Pauper on the Journey.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 88, 89.

5. In case of an Equality of Votes at any Meeting, the Chairman for the Time being of such Meeting shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

6. The Board may delegate any of their Powers to Committees, consisting of such Member or Members of their Body as they think fit. Any Committee so formed shall, in the Exercise of the Powers delegated, conform to any Regulations that may be imposed on them by the Board.

7. A Committee may elect a Chairman of their Meetings. If no such Chairman is elected, or if he is not present at the Time appointed for holding the same, the Members present shall choose One of their Number to be Chairman of such Meeting.

8. A Committee may meet and adjourn as they think proper. Questions at any Meeting shall be determined by a Majority of Votes of the Members present, and in case of an equal Division of Votes the Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

9. The Board shall cause Minutes to be made in Books provided for that Purpose, —

(1.) Of all the Appointments of Officers made by the Board;

(2.) Of the Names of the Members present at each Meeting of the Board and Committees of the Board

(3.) Of all Orders made by the Board and Committees of the Board; and,

(4.) Of all Resolutions and Proceedings of Meetings of the Board and of Committees of the Board.

And any such Minutes as aforesaid, if signed by any Person purporting to be the Chairman of any Meeting of the Board or Committee of the Board, shall be receivable in Evidence without any further Proof.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for the further Amendment of the Law relating to the Removal of poor Persons, Natives of Ireland, from England.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Law for the Removal of poor Persons, Natives of ' Ireland, from England, should be amended:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That so much of the Fourth Clause of the Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-six, as authorizes the Conveyance of any poor Person to any other Place than that mentioned in the Warrant of Removal, shall, at the Expiration of One Month from the Date hereof, be repealed.

2. Section Three of the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and seventeen, shall be deemed to have applied and to apply to Ireland as well as to England.

3. Section Four of the same Act is hereby repealed.

4. Any Person being employed in the Execution of a Warrant, duly issued under the Authority of the said Acts or either of them, who shall wilfully desert any Person mentioned therein before he or she shall have been conveyed to the Place of Destination, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon Conviction thereof shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and, in default of Payment, to Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding Three Months.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

5. Any Person guilty of violating the Provision contained in the Sixth Section of the Act of Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Victoria., Chapter Seventy-six, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered on a summary Conviction before Two Justices or a Police or Stipendiary Magistrate, and the Offence shall be deemed to have been committed at the Port where the poor Person shall be landed.

6. Instead of the Forms set forth in the Schedule (C.) annexed to the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and seventeen, the Forms contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or to the like Effect, shall be sufficient in regard to poor Persons removed to Ireland, with such Changes in the Names and Descriptions of Persons and Places as the Circumstances of the Case may render necessary; and except where this Act makes any Alteration it shall be deemed to be incorporated with Acts herein referred to.

7. If the Board of Guardians of any Union in Ireland think themselves aggrieved by the Removal of any poor Person, and if they forward to the Poor Law Commissioners for Ireland a Statement of the Grounds for concluding that such poor Person is legally settled in any Parish or Township in England, or was not in Law liable to be removed to Ireland, and if such Board of Guardians, or any Person on their Behalf, shall agree to pay all Costs which may be incurred in any necessary preliminary Inquiry, and in the Appeal against the Warrant for the Removal of such poor Person, such Commissioners, if satisfied that it will be expedient to do so, may appoint some Person to make a preliminary Inquiry into the Circumstances attending such Removal, and after such Inquiry may, if they think fit, appeal on behalf of the Guardians so aggrieved to the Court of Quarter Sessions held for the County or Borough within which the Parish or Township from which such Removal was made is situate, at any Time within Six Months after such Removal was completed; and such Commissioners shall, at least Twenty-one Days before the holding of such Sessions, send by Post to the Guardians or Overseers on whose Application such Warrant was obtained Notice in Writing purporting to be signed by their Secretary or Chief Clerk of their Intention to appeal against such Warrant, containing a Statement in Writing of the Grounds of such Appeal, and such Court of Quarter Sessions shall hear and determine such Appeal; and if the Warrant of Removal be reversed or declared illegal by such Court, the Guardians or Overseers on whose Application the same was obtained shall pay the Costs and Expenses incurred by or on account of such Board of Guardians, both for the preliminary Inquiry and the Appeal, and for the Maintenance of such poor Person, and for conveying such Person back to the Parish or Township in England from which the Removal was made; and if such Guardians or Overseers neglect or refuse to pay such Costs and Expenses within Seven Days after Demand thereof, the Guardians on whose Behalf such Appeal was made, or any Person authorized by them, may recover the same as a Debt in a Court of Law in England: Provided always, that the said Guardians or Overseers may, at any Time after such Notice of Appeal, send by Post Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them to the said Commissioners that they abandon such Warrant, and thereupon such Warrant shall be of no Effect; and such Guardians or Overseers shall pay to the Guardians on whose Behalf such Notice of Appeal was given, or to some Person authorized by them, the Expenses incurred by them or on their Account by reason of such Warrant, apd of the preliminary Inquiry, and of any Proceedings consequent thereon, and the actual Expenses and Charges of maintaining such poor Person, and of conveying such poor Person back to such Parish or Township, and if they do not pay the same within Seven Days after Demand the same may be recovered as a Debt in a Court of Law in England: Provided also, that if on the Hearing of the Appeal Judgment shall be given against the Appellants, the Respondents shall be entitled to recover the Costs which they have incurred in and about the Appeal from such Appellants.

Sghb *

407

Penalty for violating Section 6 of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 76.

New Forms of Warrant supplied.

Institution preliminary Inquiry and Appeal.

406

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

Union, in the Count

County1

of

SCHEDULES.

I.

Form of Warrant where the Removal is to be made to the Place of Birth or Residence.

To the Guardians of the Poor of the 1 Union [or Parish], in the

Count of To the Guardians of the Poor of the 2 of in Ireland.

"At a Petty Session of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of holden in and for the Division of

in the said County8 at on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty before

us, the undersigned, Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said (to wit.) [_ County.8

Whereas Complaint is now made by the Guardians of the Poor of the Union [or Parish] in the Count of that4

hath become and is now chargeable to the Parish 5 [*of

in the said Union; ] *

And whereas the said4 having been brought before us, and

Application having been made to us, in Petty Sessions assembled, by 0 the7 [Relieving] Officer of the said Guardians, on their Behalf, we have made due Examination, on Oath, and find that the said is of the reputed Age of

Years, and was born in Ireland, [and last resided for the Space of Three Years*] in the Parish of in the County of now contained

in the said Union of2 and hath not a Settlement in England, and is

not otherwise exempt from Removal from the said 1 Union [or Parish]

[And that he hath a Wife, named of the reputed Age of

Years, and8 Child named of the reputed Age

of which Child 0 not exempt from Removal from the said Union

[or Parish] ].

And we have seen the said f [and his said Wife and Child ], and are

satisfied that the said4 f [and his Wife and Child ], 9 in such

a State of Health as not to be liable to suffer bodily or menial Injury by the Removal:

These are, therefore, to require you, the Guardians of the Poor of the Union

[or Parish], to cause the said [with his Family], to be safely conveyed to

the said Union of2 and to be delivered at the Workhouse of such Union.

Given under our Hands and Seals, at the Sessions aforesaid

(L. S.)

__(L. S-), _(t. e.)

Memorandum.

Where the Warrant is issued by a Police Magistrate, this Form must he modified accordingly.

1 Insert Name of the Union or Parish in England. 1 Insert Name of the Union in Ireland.

8 Riding or Division, or City, or Borough.

4 Name of Pauper,

& Or Township.

a Insert Name of Applicant.

7 If the Applicant he not a Believing Officer, cruse Relieving.

8 If more than One insert the Number.

9 Insert is or are.

Erase this Passage when it is inapplicable.

f Where the Head of the Family is a Woman, or a Man without Family, this Passage must be modified accordingly.

Note. — A Copy of this Warrant is to be given to the Person, if only One, or to the Head of the Family, if there he several Persons about to be removed by virtue of it; and a Copy is to be sent by Post forthwith to the Clerk of the Board of Guardians of the Union in Ireland to which the poor Person is ordered to be removed.

26*& IV VKSTOklir, '*.M '

401)

sonic Place other than that of

Union [or Parish], in ' Union, in the Count

County *

of

(to T#it)

{II; j f f I;

Form of Warrant when the Removal is to be, made to

the Birth or Residence.

^Tb the (juardians of the *Poor of the* the Count of, To the, Guardians of the Poor of the2 {

of 1 ' ' in Ireland. t

At a Petty Session of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County3 ' of; hoidcn in and for the Division of

in the Said Charity* at on the

Day of f 'in the Year of our Uoi'4 One thousand eight hundred

and sixty ' 'before ris, the undersigned, 11 dr Majesty's Justices of the Peace fof the said County3. '

Whereas Complaint is now made by the Guardians of the Poor of the Union [w Parish] in the Coiint of that4 hath become

and is now chargeable to the Parish6 [*of in the said Union; ]

And whereas the said4 having been brought before us, and Application

having been made to us, in Petty Sessions assembled, by 0 the [Relieving*]

Officer of the said Guardians, on their Behalf, wc have made due Examination, on Oath, and find that the said4 is oftlie reputed Age of Years, and was

born in Ireland, *birt we are not able, upon the Evidence before us^ to ascertain the Place in that Country of h Birth, or that he hath resided for the Space of Three Years in any Place therein, ' and we find that lie hath pot a. Settlement

in England, and is not otherwise exempt from Removal from the said5 ' Union

[<>/ Parish! t [And that he hath a Wife named of the reputed Age of

Years, and *

0 rilrvf Avhmnf ftvwi+i K AvnAirn 1 fi-'/'nyYX -f !»a aoi/1 TTr»rm } nr* T^<

I

Child named

which Child 0 not exempt frotii Removal from the said Union [or Parish], ].

And we lfave seen the said4 t [and his said Wife afid Child ], and are

satisfied that the said4 f [aQd hia Wife and Child J* in such a State of

Health as not to be liable to suffer bodily or mental Injury by the Removal.

Thesb are, therefore, to require you, the Guardians of the Poor of the5 Union \of Parish], to cause the Said4 ' ' [with his Family] to be safely conveyed

to the Port of in the said'Union of5 and to be delivered at the

Workhouse of the said Union, 10which Port is in bur Judgment, under the Circums ances of the Case, most convenient.

Given under our Hands andl ---- n -

Seals as aforesaid.

the

Sessions^-,

(L.S.)

Memoranxium.

Where the Warrant is issued by a Police Magistrate this Form must be modified accordingly.

1nsert Name of the Union in England.

2 Insert the Name of the Union in Ireland.

3 Riding, or Division, or City, or Borotigh.

4 Name of Pauper.

5 Or Township.

8 Insert Name of Applicant.

7 If the Applicant he not a Bttiering Officer, erase Relieving.

n If more than One insert the Number.

9 Insert is or are.

, rt Where the Pauper hath not resided Twelve Months in Ireland, erase the following Words, and add, to which Port, we, with the Consent of the Guardians of the said Union of3 think it fit that th<? said 4

should be sent.

Or erase the Passage between Asterisks, and add, and has not been absent therefrom more than Twelve Months, f Where the Head of the Famitt/ is a Woman, or a Man without a Family, this Passage must be modified accordingly.

Note. — A Copy of this Warrant is to be given to the Person, if only One, or to the Head of the Family, if there bo several Persons about to be removed by virtue of it; and a Copy is to be sent by Post forthwith to the Clerk of the Board of Guardians of the Union in Ireland to which the poor Person is ordered to be removed.

26 & 27 VICT.

3 IT

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 90

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Act to extend to Ireland only.

Registrar General to famish to Boards of Guardians Notices setting forth Acts required to be done under this Act.

Register Books to be provided.

Registrars, under Registration, &c. Act, to be Registrars for Purposes of this Act.

Lord Lieutenant, or Registrar General with his Approbation, may alter Bound-

CAP. XC.

An Act to provide for the Registration of Marriages in Ireland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a System of Registration of such Marriages as are not within the Provisions of an Act of the Session holden in the Seventh and c Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, should be established and ' maintained in Ireland:* Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Registration of Marriages (Ireland) Act, 1863 "

2. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

3. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them; that is to say,

"Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland:

"General Search" shall mean a Search during any Number of successive Days, not exceeding Six, without stating the Object of Search:

" Particular Search" shall mean a Search over any Period not exceeding Five Years for any given Register of Marriage.

4. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

5. The Registrar General of Marriages appointed under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act shall, in sufficient Time before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, furnish to the Guardians of every Union printed Notices, which the said Guardians shall on or before the said Thirty-first Day of December cause to be fixed or placed on the Outside of the several Church and Chapel Doors, or other public and conspicuous Buildings or Places within their respective Unions, and which said Notices shall specify the several Acts required to be done for the Purpose of registering any Marriage under the Provisions of this Act.

6. The Registrar General shall cause to be provided such Number of Register Books and Forms as shall be necessary to the Execution of this Act; and the said Register Books shall be of durable Materials, and in them shall be printed on each Side of every Leaf the Heads of Information herein required to be known and registered in respect of Marriages, and every Page of each of such Books shall be numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of the Book, beginning with Number One, and every Place of Entry shall be also numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of the Book, beginning with Number One, and every Entry shall be divided from the following Entry by a printed Line; and the Registrar General shall furnish for the Use of the Registrars a sufficient Number of Register Books of Marriages and such other Forms as may from Time to Time be required for the Purposes of this Act

7. The several Superintendent Registrars and Registrars Districts which shall from Time to Time be made under the Provisions of the Registration of Births and Deaths (Ireland) Act shall be the Superintendent Registrars and Registrars Districts for the Purposes of this Act

8. The Lord Lieutenant, or the Registrar General with his Approbation, shall have Power, from Time to Time as may be deemed expedient, to alter the Boundaries of the Districts formed under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, and to form new Districts, and in the event of any new District being so formed to appoint fit Persons to be Registrars for such

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

Districts; and every such Registrar shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Registrar General.

9. Every Registrar of Marriages, appointed under the said recited Act or this Act, shall have the Power, subject to the Approval of the Registrar General, to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, a fit Person to act as his Deputy in case of the Illness or Absence of such Registrar, and every such Deputy Registrar while so acting shall have all the Powers and Duties and be subject to all the Provisions and Penalties declared by the said recited Act and this Act concerning Registrars of Marriages, and in case of the Death of the Registrar shall act as Registrar until another be appointed, and every Registrar shall be civilly responsible for the Acts and Omissions of his Deputy.

10. The several Superintendent Registrars and Registrars of the several Districts, and their respective Deputies, appointed from Time to Time and acting under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act, shall from Time to Time be the Superintendent Registrars and Registrars of their respective Districts for the Purposes of this Act, if they think fit to accept such Office; and in the event of their Refusal to act, the Guardians of the Union shall appoint a Person, with such Qualifications as the Registrar General may declare to be necessary, to be the Superintendent Registrar or Registrar under this Act; and every such Superintendent Registrar and Registrar shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Registrar General.

11. In all Cases of Marriages which may be legally solemnized in Ireland, and which do not come within the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, or any Act amending the same, the Parties about to contract any such Marriage shall produce to the Clergyman celebrating the Marriage a Certificate according to the Form A. in the Schedule hereunto annexed, Which Certificate shall be procured by the Parties contracting the Marriage, previous to its Solemnization, from the Registrar of the District appointed under this Act within which such Marriage is intended to be solemnized, who shall be bound, as far as possible, without Fee or Reward, to fill up the said Schedule, and it shall be signed by the Parties contracting the Marriage and by the Witnesses present thereat, not being less than Two, and also by the said Clergyman; and the Parties contracting the Marriage shall within Three Days thereafter either deliver or send by Post such Certificate to the Registrar of Marriages appointed under this Act for the District wherein the Marriage was solemnized; and the Husband shall in case of Failure so to deliver or send such Certificate be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after provided.

12. In case of the Inability to write of any Person whose Signature is required or necessary under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person to make such Signature by makinga Cross or other Mark, which shall be made in the Presence of the Clergyman or Two Witnesses, who shall attest the same, and such Mark shall be in all respects as binding and effectual as the Signature of such Person, if capable of writing, would have been.

18. Every Registrar, on Receipt of any such Certificate, shall forthwith enter the Particulars thereof in the Register Book: Provided always, that if any Error shall be discovered to have been committed in the Entry of Marriage in any Register, the Person discovering the same shall forthwith give Information thereof to the Justice or Justices at the Petty Sessions of the District within which such Marriage shall have been solemnized, or, if within the Dublin Metropolitan Police District, to a Divisional Justice or Justices within the said District; and it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, thereupon, or upon otherwise coming to the Knowledge of such erroneous Entry, to summon before them the Person who made and any Person concerned in making such erroneous Entry or having any Knowledge regarding the same, and also any Person interested in the Effect of such erroneous Entry, and to examine all such Persons on Oath; and if the said Justice or Justices shall be satisfied that any Error has been committed in any such Entry, such Justice or Justices shall, by Authority in Writing under his or their Hands, direct the Registrar to correct the erroneous Entry; and it shall be lawful for the Registrar, and he is hereby required, thereupon to correct the

411

aries of Districts.

Registrar of Marriages may, subject to Approval of Registrar General, appoint a Deputy.

Registrars under said Act to act for Purposes of this Act.

Provision for Marriages not within Provisions of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 81.

Persons unable to write may sign by making a Cross.

Particulars of Certificates to be entered in Register Books. Correction of erroneous Entries.

412 _ !":2'60, & ^Vl^ORIiE, c. 90.

; ^roi)eo^ Wintry ^ccop^ing to the Truth of the Case, by Entry in the Margin, wittiout any *t. '» Alteration, of tho, original Entry; and such, marginal Entry shall contain a Reference io the

jkposition rupon iphich, the said Justice or Justices directed the Correction to be made, and

, -shall bp dated on the Day on which it is made, and signed by the Parties applying for the .Correction and by the Registrar; and in every Case the Registrar shall make the like - Alteratiozvin the certified Copy of the Register Book to be made by him as herein-after . provided; *, provided that in case such certified Copy shall have been already mad6 he shall r- make and deliver in like Planner a separate certified Copy of the original erroneous Entry and of the marginal Correction therein made.

*: *'* - f' - i* Returns.

Ortrflell ., 14. In the Months of April, July, October, and January, on such Days as shall from

Copies of Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, every Registrar shall hiake and

ria^es to^ar- deliver to the Superintendent Registrar of his District on durable Materials, a true Copy, sent quarterly certified by him under his Hand, according to the Form B. in the Schedule to this Act-and the Re-, annexed, of all the Entries of Marriages made daring the Quarter of a Year last preceding S-hen filled the First Day of each of the several Months herein-before mentioned respectively, in the the Superinten- Register Books kept by him, the first of such certified Copies to be given in the Month of dent Registrar. April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and the Superintendent Registrar shall examine the same, and if found to be correct shall certify the same under his Hand fo[be a true Copy: If there shall have been no Marriages registered since the i [, Delivery of the Jaet Certificate the Registrar shall certify the Fact, and such Certificate

shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar as aforesaid, and be countersigned by, , hiip The Registrar shall keep safely the Register Book furnished to him as herein-before mentioned until it shall be filled, and shall then deliver it to the Superintendent Registrar, to be kept by him with the Records of his Office.

Superintendent 15. Every Superintendent Registrar shall Four Times in every Year, on such Days as send^certiSed be named for the Purpose by the Registrar General, send to the Registrar General all

Copied of the certified Copies of the Registers of Marriages which he shall have received from the Registers of; Registrars of Marriages as aforesaid for the Quarter of a Year last preceding the First Day Marriages to of Qp ^he severat Months herein-before mentioned respectively, in the Form B. in the General!1' Schedule to this Act annexed; and the Registrar General, if it shall appear, by Inter-i jruption of the regular Progression of Numbers or otherwise, that the Copy of any Part i }, of any Book has not been duly delivered to him, shall procure, as far as possible, consistently pith the Provisions of this Act, that the same may be rernediea and supplied.

Thq, certified Copies so sent to the General Register Office shall be thereafter kept in the,; said QfiSee in such Order and Manner as the Registrar General, under the Direction tj, of fKc Xprd Lieutenant, shall think fit, so that the same may be most readily seen and v; examined,

Abstract of Re- 16. The Registrar General shall once in every Year transmit to the Lord Lieutenant a; General Abstract of t^e JjTumb's ..of Marriages registered during the foregoing Year, in Porm and at such Date as the Lord Lieutenant shall From Time to Time prescribe; llamont., apd every isuch Annual General Abstract shall be laid before Parliament within One Month after Receipt thereof, or, if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within On6 Month after the Commencement of the next Session.

Indexes!to be - 17^ The Registrar General shall cause Indexes of all the Registers herein mentioned to i^gistef Office be made and kept in the General Register Office; and every Person shall be entitled to Sewqhesal- search the said Indexes between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Pour in the

lowed and cer- Afternoon of every Day, except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and to have a

.tided)Copies certified Copy of any Entry in the said Registers; and for every General Search of the giye» t snid xn(}exes the Sam of Twenty Shilling ^, and for every Particular Search the: Sum of One Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, ririll be paid to the Registrar General or such other Officer ns shall be appointed to receive such Peek 6n his AccOutit, in addition to the Stamp: Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act; po^ed in the Twenty-third Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

18. Every

2T* m WpRI^, 90.

Every ^uparintendent Registrar shall causq Indexes of the Register Books in his Office to be made and kept with} the other Records of his Office. Ever}' Person shall be entitled* on such Days and at such reasonable Hours as shall be directed by the Registrar General, to search, the said Indexes, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry ot Entries in the said Register Books, under the Hand and Seal of the Superintendent Registrar, on Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned; , that is to say, for every General Search the Sum of Five Shillings, and for every Particular Search the Sum of One Shilling, and for every certified Copy thq Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, in addition to the Stamp Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

19. Every Person shall be entitled, on such Days and at such reasonable Hours as shall be directed by the Registrar General, to search such Entries in the Register Books in the Custody of the Registrars as shall not have been included in the last preceding Return made by such Registrar to his Superintendent Registrar, and to have a certified Copy of any such; Entry or Entries, under the Hand and Seal of the Registrar, on Payment of the Fees hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, for every such Search the Sum of Sixpence, ami for every certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, in addition to the Stamp Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year cjf Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

Fees.

20. Every Superintendent Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times in every Year, on such Days an^l for such Periods as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, of the Number of Entries in such certified Copies so sent by him to the Registrar General, as provided by this Act, and shall send the said Account to the Registrar General. If on Examination and Comparison with the certified Copies of the Registers or Certificates received by the Registrar General, such Account shall be found correct, the Superintendent Registrar shall be entitled to receive Twopence from the Registry General for every Entry in such certified Copies of Registers of Marriages, which shall be charged by the Registrar General to the general Expenses of his Office.

21. Every Registrar shall make out an Account Four Times m each Year, on such Days j and for such Periods as shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Registrar General, of the Number of Marriages which lie shall have registered in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, and the Superintendent Registrar shall verify and sign the same. The Guardians of t^ie Union in which he shall be Registrar, on Production of the said Account, so verified and signed, shall pay to the said Registrar, out of the Monies in their Hands or Power as such ^rpardians, at the Hate of Sixpence for every Entry of Marriage included in such Account, and the same shall be charged to the Union at large, and such Guardians sh^ll bd and they are hereby empowered to levy off the Union at large such Sums so paid by them, and such Sums shall be included in the Rates which such Guardians are by Law empowered to levy and rAUei i .* '

22. I)very Person who shall wilfully iriake or cause to be made, for the Purpose 'df being imported in any .Register of Marriages, any false Statement touching any of the Particulars

heroin required to be knpwn and registered, shall be subject to the same Pains and Penalties as it he were guilty of Perjury.

23. The 36th pud 37th Sections of an Act passed in the 24th and 25th Years of Her Majesty, intituled a51 An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England xmd Ireland relating, to indictable Offences hi/ Forgery, shall be incorporated with and form Part of

this Act.

24. " Every Registrar who shall refuse or without reasonable Cause omit to fill up the " Certificate "Of Marriage or register nny Marriage of which he shall have received a Certificate, and every Person having the Custody of any Register Book or any Part thereof who shall carelessly lose or injure the sdme, or carelessly allow the same to he injured whilst in bib keeping, shall forfeit a Surii not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such 6ffonce.

., J 1 25. Every

413

Indexes to be made at every Superintendent Registrar's Office, and Persons allowed to search them.

Persons entitled to search Register Books.

Superintendent Registrars to he paid for the certified Copies sent to General Register Office.

Registrars to make out an Account ot' Number of Marriages Four Times yearly.

Persons making false Statements for Entry (n Register to be subject to Penalties for Perjury.

Sects. 3G. and 37. of

24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. incorporated with Act.

Penalty for Neglect of Registrar to register Marriage, &c.

414

Penalty for Omission to deliver Registers to Superintendent Registrar or Registrar General. Penalties how recoverable.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 98.

Not to affect Law of Marriage in Ireland.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

25. Every Person who under the Provisions of this Act is required to deliver the Registers of Marriages or Copies of such Registers to any Superintendent Registrar or to the Registrar General, and who, after being duly required to deliver such Register or Copies as aforesaid, shall refuse or during One Calendar Month neglect so to do, shall be liable for every such Offence to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

26. Any Penalty recoverable under the Provisions of this Act shall be recoverable in a summary Way, with respect to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, subject and according to the Provisions of any Act regulating the Powers and Duties of Justices of the Peace for such District, or of the Police of such District, and, with respect to other Parts of Ireland, before a Justice or Justices of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, subject and according to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same.

27. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Law of Marriage in Ireland.

SCHEDULE. Form A.

18 . — Marriages solemnized at the Roman Catholic Chapel of (), in the

Registrar's District of (), in the Union of (), in the County of()

No. When married. Name and Surname. Age. Condition. Rank or Profession. Residence at the Time of Marriage. Father's Name and Surname. Rank or Profession of Father.

1 27 March 18 . Patrick Donovan Of full Age. Bachelor Carpenter 3, South Street Peter Donovan - Upholsterer.

Mary O'Brien - Minor Spinster — 17, High Street Laurence O'Brien Butcher.

Married in the Roman Catholic Chapel of ()according to the Rites and

Ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church,

By me, [William Jackson].

This Marriage was solemnized f Patrick Donovan, 1 . in the f Dennis Donovan.

between us, \ Mary O'Brien, / Presence of us, \ Laurence O'Brien.

Form B.

I (), Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in the District of

()in the Union of ()in the County of () ,

do hereby certify, That this is a true Copy of the Registrar's Book of Marriages within the said District from the Entry of the Marriage of (), No. (), to the Entry

of the Marriage of (), No.

Witness my Hand, this Day of 18

()Registrar.

[The Particulars in this Schedule to be entered according to the Fact.]

415

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 91, 92. '

CAP. XCI.

Aji Act to extend for a further Period the Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of the Act of the last Session of c ' - Parliament, intituled An Act to enable Boards of Guardians of certain Unions to ' obtain temporary Aid to meet the extraordinary Demands for Relief 'therein, and of the

Act of the present Session whereby such Provisions were extended for a further Period, ' should be again extended for a limited Period Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

as follows:

same.

1. That the Provisions of the said Acts shall be further extended and apply to the Expenditure for the Quarters of the Year which shall end respectively at Michaelmas Day and Christmas Day in this Year, except that instead of "Five Shillings" in the Fourth Section of the said Act of the last Session, the Words " Six Shillings and Sixpence " shall be substituted with reference to such Expenditure.

2. The Power of the Poor Law Board to issue any Order under this Act shall determine on the First Day of April next

3. The Guardians of any Union or Parish within the Operation of this Act may, with the Consent of the Poor Law Board, apply to the Public Works Loan Commissioners for an Advance of any Sum which such Guardians shall be entitled to borrow under the Authority of this Act; and the said Commissioners may, out of the Money for the Time being at their Disposal, make such Advance upon the Security of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in such Union or Parish, and without requiring any further or other Security than a Charge on such Rates; provided that the aggregate Advances to be made by such Commissioners under this Section shall not exceed Two hundred thousand Pounds.

4. The Acts referred to and this Act may be cited and described for all Purposes as The Union Relief Aid Acts, 1862, 1863.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Railways.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Railways Clauses

Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively, were passed in order to comprise

6 in One General Act such Provisions relating to Railways in England or Ireland, or in Scotland, respectively, as were at the Times of the passing of those Acts usually introduced

into Acts of Parliament authorizing the Construction of Railways:

And whereas sundry Provisions of the like Nature, but not comprised in the said General

Acts respectively, are now frequently introduced into Acts of Parliament relating to ' Railways, and it is expedient to comprise such last-mentioned Provisions also in One

General Act, such Act to be applicable to England or Ireland, or to Scotland, as the Case may require, and that as well for the Purpose of avoiding the Necessity of repeating such

Provisions in Special Acts relating to Railways, as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the

Provisions themselves

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and wijth the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L This

25 & 26 Vict. c. 110.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 4.

Provisions of recited Acts farther extended.

Issuing Orders of Poor Law Board limited.

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners to make Advances not exceeding 200,000l. to Guardians under this Act

Short Titles.

[Short Title.]

Division of Act into Pints.

Application of Part I., and Interpretation of Terms.

Power to alter

Engineering

Works.

Trains not to be shunted over level Crossings.

Company to erect Lodge at Point of Crossing.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 92.

1. This Act may be cited as The Railways Clauses Act, 1863.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be divided into Five Parts, as follows: Part I. relating to Construction of a Railway;

Part II. relating to Extension of Time;

Part III. relating to Working Agreements;

Part IV. relating to Steam Vessels;

Part V, relating to Amalgamation.

Part I.

Construction of a Railway.

3. This Part of this Act shall apply to the Railway authorized to be constructed by any Sp:cial Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Part of this Act.

In this Part of this Act —

All Terms used have the same Meanings as the same Terms have when used in The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Railways ClausesConsolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively:

The Term " Tidal River" means any Part of a River within the Flow and Ebb of the Tide at ordinary Spring Tides:

The Term " Tidal Water" means any Part of the Sea or any Part of a River within the Flow and Ebb of the Tide at ordinary Spring Tides:

The Term " Tidal Lands" means such Parts of the Bed, Shore, or Banks of a Tidal Water as are covered and uncovered by the Flow and Ebb of the Tide at ordinary Spring Tides;

The Provisions respecting the Recovery of Penalties contained in the said Railways Clauses Consolidation Acts respectively, as the Case may require, shall be incorporated with this Part of this Act.

Alteration of Engineering Works.

4. Notwithstanding anything in the said Railways Clauses Consolidation Acts, respectively, contained, — the Company, in the Construction of the Railway, may deviate from the Line or Level of any Arch, Tunnel, or Viaduct, described on the deposited Plans or Sections, so as the Deviation be made within the Limits of Deviation shown on those Plans, and subject to the Limitations contained in Sections Eleven, Twelve, and Fifteen of those Acts respectively, and so as the Nature of the Work described be not altered, — and may also substitute any Engineering Work not shown on the deposited Plans or Sections, for an Arch, Tunnel, or Viaduct, as shertvn thereon; provided that every such Substitution be authorized by a Certificate of the Board of Trade; and the Board of Trade may grant such Certificate in case it appears to them, on due Inquiry, that the Company has acted in the Matter with good Faith, and that the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands in which the Substitution is intended to be made consent thereto, and also that the Safety and Convenience of tho Public will not be diminished thereby.

Provided, that nothing in the present Section shall affect any Power given to the Company or to the Board of Trade by Section Eleven, Twelve, Fourteen, or Fifteen of the last-mentioned Acts respectively.

Level Crossings.

5. Where the Company is authorized by the Special Act to carry the Railway across a Turnpike Road or Public Carriageroad on a Level, it shall not be lawful for the Company in shunting Trains to pass any Train over the level Crossing, or at any Time to allow any Train, Engine, Carriage, or Truck to stand across the same.

6. For the greater Convenience and Security of the Public, the Company shall erect and permanently maintain a Lodge at the Point where the Railway crosses oil the Level the Turnpike Road or Public Carriageroad; and the Company shall be subject to and shall abide by all such Regulations with regard to the crossing thereof on the Level, or with regard

417

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 92.

regard to the Speed at which Trains may pass the level Crossing, as may from Time to Time be made by the Board of Trade.

If the Company fails to erect, or to maintain, such Lodge, or to appoint or keep a proper Person to watch or superintend the level Crossing, or to, observe or abide by any such Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and also to a Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Day during which the Offence continues after the Penalty of Twenty Pounds is incurred.

7. The Board of Trade may, if it appears to them necessary for the Public Safety, at any Board of

Time after the passing of the Special Act, require the Company, within such Time as the Tra<*e may Board of Trade directs, and at the Expense of the Company, to carry the Turnpike Road oflevel

or Public Carriageroad either under or over the Railway by means of; a Bridge or Arch, Crossing, instead of crossing the same on the Level, or to execute such other Works as, under the Circumstances of the Case, may appear to the Board of Trade best adapted for removing or diminishing the Danger arising from the level Crossing.

Where the Road is so carried either under or over the Railway, Jt shall not be necessary for the Company to erect or maintain a Lodge at the Point where the Road is crossed, or to appoint a Person to watch or superintend the Crossing thereat, nor shall they be liable to any Penalty for Failure so to do.

8. If the Board of Trade certifies that the Public Safety requires that additional Lands power to Combe taken by the Company for the Purpose of the Work directed by the Board of Trade to pany to take be executed, the Company may, subject to the Provisions of The Lands Clauses ^?lguch Consolidation Act, 1845, or The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Work.

Case may require, enter upon, take, and use all or any Part of the Lands specified in the Certificate of the Board of Trade as being necessary for the Purpose of the Work; and the Board of Trade before issuing the Certificate shall cause at least Three Months Notice to be given to any Person who may be entitled to claim under the last-mentioned Acts, or otherwise. Compensation in respect of the taking of such Lands or in respect of such

Junctions.

9. Where the Company is authorized by the Special Act to make a Junction between Commmiica-the Railway and any other Railway, then and in every such Case all Interferences with the

Works of the other Railway, necessary or convenient for effecting the Junction, shall be to be made 7 made under the Superintendence and to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer for the under the Time being of the Company or Person to whom the other Railway belongs; and in case of ^Emrfneer any Difference arising as to the Mode of effecting the Junction, the same shall be determined of those by a Referee to be appointed by the Board of Trade, on the Application of either Party, at Railways, the Cost of the Company making the Junction.

10. With respect to any Lands belonging to the Company or Person to whom the other Company to Railway belongs, which the Company are by the Special Act authorized to use, enter upon,

or interfere with, for the Purposes of the Junction, the Company shall not, except by Land of other Agreement, or unless otherwise provided in the Special Act, purchase and take the same. Railway but the Company may purchase and take, and such other Railway Company or Person may Company-and shall sell and grant accordingly, an Easement or Right of using the same for the Purposes of the Junction.

UL Nothing relative to the Junction in this Act contained shall be deemed to authorize Not to take the Company for the Purposes of the Junction to take or enter upon any Lands belonging inter"

to the Company or Person to whom the other Railway belongs, or to alter or interfere with woriufof other any Railway, or any of the Works thereof, further or otherwise than is necessary for making Company the Junction and Inter-communication between the Railways, as shown on the deposited farther than Plans and Sections of the Railway to which the Special Act relates, without the previous necessary* Consent in Writing in every Instance of such other Railway Company or such Person.

12. The Company or Person with whose Railway the Junction is made may from Time As to Expense to Time erect such Signals and Conveniences incident to the Junction, either on their or his of Signals, own Lands or on the Lands of the Company making the Junction, and may from Time to watchmen, &c. 26 & 27 Vict. 3 Gt Time

418 26" & 27" VICTORIES, c. 92.

Time appoint and remove such Watchmen, Switchmen, or other Persons as may be necessary for the Prevention of Danger to, or Interference with, the Traffic at and near the Junction. The working and Management of such Signals and Conveniences, wherever situate, Bhatl be under the exclusive Regulation of the Company or Person with whose Railway the J unction is made; and all the Expenses of erecting and maintaining those Signals and Conveniences, and of employing those Watchmen, Switchmen, and other Persons, and all incidental current Expenses, shall, at the End of every Half Year, be repaid by the Company making the J unction, and in default thereof may be recovered from them in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

Protection of Navigation.

Lights on 13. Where the Company is authorized by the Special Act to construct, alter, or extend

Works. any Work on, in, over, through, or across Tidal Lands or a Tidal Water, the Company shall,

on or near the Work, during the whole Time of the constructing, altering, or extending thereof, exhibit and keep burning at their own Expense, every Night from Sunset to Sunrise, such Lights (if any) as the Board of Trade from Time to Time requires or approves; and (notwithstanding the Enactments for the Time being in force respecting Lighthouses) shall also on or near the Work, when completed, always maintain, exhibit, and keep burning, at their own Expense, every Night from Sunset to Sunrise, such Lights (if any) for the Guidance of Ships as the Board of Trade from Time to Time requires or approves.

If the Company fails to comply in any respect with the Provisions of the present Section, they shall for each Night in which they so fail be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Construction of 14. Where the Company is authorized or required by the Special Act to construct a Bridges. Bridge over a navigable Tidal Water, and the Special Act does not make express Provision respecting the Span or Spans thereof, then the Company shall construct the same with a Span or Spans of such Headway and Waterway, and with such opening Span or Spans (if any), and according to such Plan, as the Board of Trade directs or approves.

User of 15. Where the Company constructs a Bridge with an opening Span, it shall not be lawful

Bridges. for company to detain any Vessel, Barge, or Boat at the Bridge for a longer Time than may be necessary for admitting a Carriage or Engine traversing the Railway and approaching the Bridge to cross the Bridge, and for opening the Bridge to admit the Vessel, Barge, or Boat to pass; and the Company shall be subject to and shall abide by such Regulations with regard to the User of the Bridge as may from Time to Time be made by the Board of Trade.

If the Company detains a Vessel, Baige, or Boat longer than the Time aforesaid, or fails in any respect. to abide by any such Regulation as aforesaid, they shall for every such - Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, without Prejudice to any Remedy against them for any Loss or Damage sustained by any Person.

Access to the 16. Where the Railway cuts off Access between the Land and a Tidal Water or Tidal aCTotm the Iiands, then and in every such Case the Company shall, during the Construction of the Railway. Railway, and from Time to Time thereafter, make, and shall permanently maintain, and allow to be used by all Persons, at all Times, free of Toll or other Charge, all such Footways and Carriageways over, under, or across the Railway, or on a Level therewith, as the Board of Trade from Time to Time directs or approves: Provided always, as follows:

(1.) The Company shall not be obliged to make a Footway or Carriageway over Lands for the Use of an Owner or Occupier who has agreed to receive and has been paid Compensation for the Severance thereof from the Tidal Water or Tidal Lands:

(2.) The Company shall not be obliged to make or to .allow to be made a Footway or Carriageway in such Manner as would interfere with the working or using of the Railway:

(3,) The Expense of the making and Maintenance of a Footway or Carriageway required to be made after the Construction of the Railway shall be defrayed by the Persons or Body interested in the Tidal Water or Tidal Lands for whose Benefit oj; Convenience the same is required.

Where

419

or Body interested in the Tidal Water or Tidal Lands for whose Benefit or Convenience the same is required.

17* Where the Company is authorized by the Special Act to construct a Railway Prohibition of skirting a public navigable Tidal River or Channel, the Company shall not make any WorL Deviation of the Railway from the continuous centre Line thereof marked on the Plan ^th0ut Con-deposited by them at the Board of Trade, even within the Limits of Deviation shown on sent of Board that Plan, in such Manner as to diminish the navigable Spaoe, without the previous Consent of Trade-of the Board of Trade, or otherwise than in such Manner as is expressly authorized by the Board of Trade.

If any Deviation is made in contravention of the present Section, the Board of Trade may abate and remove the Work in the Construction whereof the Deviation is made, or any Part thereof, and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Expense of the Company; and the Amount of such Expense shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly with Costs, or the same may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is recoverable from the Company.

18. If a Work constructed by the Company on, in, over, through, or across Tidal Lands Abatement of or a Tidal Water is abandoned, or suffered to fall into Decay, the Board of Trade may ^Sor^1" abate and remove the Work, or any Part of it, and restore the Site thereof to its former decayed. Condition, at the Expense of the Company; and the Amount of such Expense shall be a

Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs, or the same may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is recoverable from the Company.

19. If at any Time the Board of Trade deems it expedient, for the Purposes of the Survey of Special Act or of this Part of this Act, to order a Survey and Examination of a Work con- Works by structed by the Company on, in, over, through, or across Tidal Lands or Tidal Water, or of ^do ° the intended Site of any such Work, the Company shall defray the Expense of the Survey

and Examination; and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs, or the same may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is recoverable from the Company.

Part II.

Extension of Time.

20. Where a Railway is authorized to be constructed by a Special Act passed either Parties ag- -before or after the passing of this Act, and the Time limited by the Special Act for the grayed by Ex-Exercise of Powers of compulsory Purchase of Lands, or of Powers for Construction of the Time may have Railway and Works, is extended by a Special Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Compensation Part of this Act, — then and in every such Case the Justices, Arbitrators, Umpires, or for additional # Juries, as the Case may be, who award or assess the Compensation to be made by the DamaSe* Company to the Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in. Lands taken or

used for the Purposes of the Railway and Works, or injuriously affected by the Construction thereof, shall, in estimating the Amount of such Compensation, have regard to, and assess Compensation for, the additional Damage (if any) sustained by those Owners, Occupiers, or other Persons, by reason of the Extension of Time,

21. The Extension of Time shall not affect any Contract entered into or Notice given by Existing Con-

the Company before the passing of the Special Act granting the Extension, for purchasing, tracts and taking, or using any Lands which the Company was entitled to purchase, take, or use; to

but every such Contract and Notice shall be construed and take effect, and the same be affected. Proceedings may be had thereunder, and all Parties thereto shall be entitled to the same

Rights and Remedies in respect thereof, at Law and in Equity, as if the Extension had not been granted.

Part

I&O

Restrictions on Agreements between Companies.

Sati ction ot Shareholders to Agreements.

Part III,

Working Agreements,

22. Where Tiro or more Companies are authorized by a Special Act hereafter passed,

and incorporating this Part of this Act* to agree among themselves with respect to all or any of the following Purposes; namely, : 1

The Maintenance and Management of the Railways of the Companies respectively, or, any One or more or them, or any Part therepf respectively, and of the Works connected therewith respectively, or any of them;

The Use/and Working of the Railways or Railway, or of any Part thereof, and the Conveyance o^ Traffic thereon; :; ,

The fixing, collecting, and Apportionment of the Tolls, Rates, Charges, Receipts, ^nd Revenues levied, token, or arising in respect of Traffic; — then and in every such Case the Authority so to agree, or the Agreement when entered into, shall not in any Manner affect any of the Tolls, Rates, or Charges which the Companies Parties thereto are fVom Tim^ to Time respectively authorized to demand itnd receive firom any Person or from any other Company; biit all Such Persons and Companies shall, notwithstanding the Agreement, be entitled to the Use and Benefit of the Railways of the several' Companies, Parties to the Agreement, on the Same Terms and Condition ^, and >on Payment of the same Tolls, Rates, and Chaqgds, as they would be if Such Authority had not, fieejt, given or the Agr^epaent had not fieen catered into., , .

23. The Agreement shall not, save so far as its TArms and Conditions are authorized by The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or by The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Case may require, or by any other General Statute or Law from Time to Time in force with respect to the Companies Parties to the Agreement, have any Operation unless and until it is sanctioned by such Proportion of the Votes of the Shareholders and Stockholders entitled t6 vote m that Behalf at Meetings of the several Companies Parties thereto, present (personally or by puc^y) at aGeaaerai Meeting of; each Company specially convened foi* the, Purpose (in banner; hereim-after meowed), is prescribed/in the Special Act, and if no Proportion i* prescribed* then by Three Fifths of BUOL VoteS. 1 -

Every euch Meeting shall be convened by Circular addressed to each such Shareholder and Stockholder, and served in the Marnier prescribed by The, Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act* 1845, as the Ceaelnay require, with respect to Notices requiring to^ be served by, the Company upon the Shareholders, dud also by Advertisement inserted once at least in each of Two consecutive Weekfc in some Newspaper published or Circulating in the County prescribed in the Special Act, and if naCobnfy: is prescribed , : then in the County in which the Head; Office of the Company is situate; the lost of such Adtertisemente to be published net less, than Seven Days before the Meeting*

24. Before the Companies en^er into the Agreement Notice of their Intention to do" so shall be given by fhem of One of them, in a Form to be approved by the Board of Trade, inserted once at leOst in each of Three successive Weeks'.in some Newspaper published or circulating in the County prescribed in the Special Act, and if no County is prescribed, then in tile Comity on One/ of the Coimties in which, each Railway to the; Maintenance, Management; Uae; or working whereof the pnoposed Agreement relates, ok some Portion of that Railway, is situate; and the Notice shall set forth within what Time and in what Manner, any Company or Person aggrieved by the proposed Agreement, and desiring to object thereto, may bring Ijhe Objection before the Board of Trade.

26a The Agreement shall not-have any Operation until it is approved by the Boardj of Trade; and the Board of Trade shall not approve the Agreement without/ being satisfied of its having!received stich Sanction of Meetings of the respective Companies as aforesaid.

Joint Com- 26. The Companies Parties to the Agreement may, in accordance therewith and for the nutteejor Pur- Purposes thereof appoint a Joint Committed, composed of such Number of (he Directors of Agre^ienta each Coinpkny as the Cottipanies think prop'er, and from Time taTime may vary and renew

the

Public Notice of Intention to enter into such Agreement.

Approval of Board of Trade.

J5 > & B5C5 (V I'CT^aHJv, c, («.

the Joint Committee as Occasion requipo?, and, may regulate the Proceedings of the Joint Committee, and may delegate to the Joint Committee all such of the Powers of the Companies as the Companies think necessary for carrying into effect the Purposes of the Agreenwiit; and the> Joink Committee shall have and may exercise the Powers so from Time to Time delegated to them in like Manner afi the Sameb Powers might he had, and exercised by the Companies respectively or their respective Directors.

27. At the/Pxphaiion of the first pr any subsequent Period of Ten Years aftet the making of the Agreement, the Boat'd of Trade may, if they are of opinion that the Interests of the Public are, prejudicially affected, thereby^ paypP the same to he revised ,; and the Board of Trade may require the Companies Parties thereto to publish such Notices of any intended Envision of the Agreement as the Board of Trade may direct; and the Board of Trade may modify the Agreement ip such Manner as may seem expedient for the Protection of the Interest^ of the Public, and bay declare the Modification to be Part of the Agreement, and the snipe shall^ be read and tajee effect accordingly. '

28. Whece a Company authorized ty, a Spedial Act hereafter passed* and incorporating

this Part of this Act, to-agtfee wkhl :a Person being; the Pooprietor of a Railway :with respect to all or any of the Xhirp^feebi&peeifed1 in this Part of r this Act, /then and; in every euph Case the Provisions of this Part of this Act shall apply, muiatis to the Company

in relation to such Authority and to the Agreement entered into by virtue thereof .;

29. For the Purposes of this Part of this Act, any Alteration of An Agreement by the Alteration of

Parties thereto shall be deemed an Agreement > *[- - .:t; n Ag^mut

Agreements between Companies may be modified by Board of Trade.

Working Agreements between a Company and an Individual.

STiEAH VbSSBWL, - i

30. Whet1© h 'RtSMa.y Company focorpoifeted either before or after the paseing of this Provision for

Act is atftherifcfcd' by a Special1 Act hereafter pasBdd, aind' ihcbrporatTOg this Part of this Act securing to build, or buy, or hire, and to tise, maintain, and Work, or tb enter iiito Arrangements ^nentf for using, maintaining, or working Steam Vessels for the Purpose of carrying on a Oom-tauhicatron between any Towrts or Ports, and to take Tolls in respect of such Steam Vossels, ^-then and in every such Case* Tolls shall! be at all Times charged to all Persons equally, and after the same Rate in respect tof Passengers conveyed in a like Vessel: |iias8bgj)etwhen the same Places Underline Circumstances; and no Reduction or Advance in the Tolls Shall be made m favour df or against any Person using the Steam Vessels tin consequence of his haring travelled or being fifbbiit to tmcyel oh 1be whole or any Plart-of ffie Company's Railway, or not>having travelled or not-being'about to ttavel on any Part thereof; or infavour of or against any Person using the Railway in cooseqnenbe of his having used or being about to use, or his not having used or nbt being abOut to use, the Steam Vessels; and where an aggregate Sum is, charged by the Company for Conveyance, of a Passenger by a Steam Vessel and on the Rahway, ttie Ticket shall have the Amount r. 1 V of Toll charged for Conveyance by the Steam Vessel distinguished from the Amount: charged for Conveyance on the Railway., , r; .

1 91. The Provisions of The'Railway and Carial Traffic Act, 1854; so far hsffhesameare applicable, shall extend to the Steam Vessels, and to the Traffic carried on thereby: '

92. The Comply may froiq ^jme, , tQ ^ime mahe Byelaws, in relation to Passengers,

Animals, and Goods convey^ lq or upon the S^am .Vcsseh, and as to the Embarkation qjid Disembarkation thereof respectively, and may enforce the Observance of the same by Penalties, in the same Manner as they may with respect to Passengers, Animals, and* Goods conveyed dipon their Railway; subh Byelaws to be sanctiohbd and hthenticated in thesaine Manner as is required by any Special of other Act with respect to1 Bybluws relating ter the ComplyRailway, and being published by being painted on Beards, or printed <on Paper and pasted on Boards* md hung up or affixed.and .continued; on .some .conspicuous Part of CY0I7 $tcam Ve^l an^Bap4ffigj-pluc^ (ftCoinpauy > andfinch Byelaws, and aU Penalties

Application of Railway and Canal Traffic Act

Company empowered to make Byelaws tot!

Steal* i

m

Recovery of Money by Distress.

Several Names in One Warrant

Provision for Cesser of Powers as to Steam Vessels, on Report from Board of Trade.

Application of Part V.

Definition of Cases of Amalgamation.

Undertakings of dissolved Companies

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 92.

in respect of the Breach thereof, shall be enforced and reooyered in the same Manner as is provided with respect to Byelaws relating to the Company's Bail way, and to Penalties in respect of the Breach thereof.

33. All Tolls and Charges for the Steam Vessels due and payable to the Company on any Account whatsoever, and all Costs, Damages, and Expenses by the Special Act directed to be paid in respect of the Steam Vessels, may be levied by Distress; and in England or Ireland any Justice, and in Scotland the Sheriff, may, on Application by or on behalf of the Company, issue his Warrant accordingly.

The Justice or Sheriff who issues the Warrant of Distress may order that the Costs of the Proceedings for the Recovery of the Toll or Sum shall be paid by the Person liable to pay the Toll or Sum, and the Costs shall be ascertained by the Justice or Sheriff, and shall be included in the Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of the Toll or Sum.

34. Any Number of Names and Sums may be included in any Warrant of Distress or Notice obtained or given by the Company for any of the Purposes of this Part of this Act, or of the Provisions of the Special Act with respect to the Steam Vessels, and may be stated either in the Body of the Warrant or Notice, or in a Schedule thereto.

35. In every Seventh Year after the passing of the Special Act, reckoned from the First Day of January next after its passing, the Board of Trade, if they are of opinion that the Interests of the Public are prejudicially affected by the Exercise of the Powers of the Company relative to Steam Vessels, may give to the Company Notice in Writing thereof, and of the Reasons on which that Opinion is founded, and if the Company does not before the Beginning of the then next Session of Parliament make Provision to the Satisfaction of the Board of Trade for Protection of the Interests of the Public, or if the Injury done to the Interests of the Public is in the Opinion of the Board of Trade incapable of being remedied by the Company, then the Board of Trade, at the Beginning of the Session of Parliament then next following, shall report to both Houses of Parliament such their Opinion, and the Reasons on which that Opinion is founded, and at the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the Presentation to the Houses of Parliament of that Report, the Powers of the Company relative to Steam Vessels, or such of them as are specified in the Report, shall, unless Parliament in the meantime otherwise provides, oease to be exercised.

Part V.

Amalgamation.

36. This Part of. this Act shall apply where Two or more Railway Companies, respectively incorporated either before or after the passing of this Act, are amalgamated by a Special Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Part of this Act.

37. For the Purposes of this Part of this Act, Companies shall be deemed amalgamated by a Special Act, in either of the following Cases:

(1.) Where by the Special Act Two or more Companies are dissolved, and the Members thereof respectively are united into and incorporated as a new Company:

(2.) Where by the Special Act a Company or Companies is or are dissolved, and the Undertaking or Undertakings of the dissolved Company or Companies is or are transferred to another existing Company, with or without a Change in the Name of that Company:

And in this Part of this Act, such Special Act is referred to as the amalgamating Act; the Company incorporated or continued by or under the amalgamating Act is referred to as the amalgamated Company; and the Time prescribed in the amalgamating Act for the Amalgamation taking effect, and if no Time is prescribed, then the Time of the pdssing of the amalgamating Act, is referred to as the Time of Amalgamation.

38. In every Case of Amalgamation, the Undertaking, Railways, Harbours, Navigations, Ferries, Wharfs, Canals, Works, Real and Personal Property, Powers, Authorities,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 92.

Privileges, Exemptions, Bights of Action and Suit, and all other the Bights and Interests of the dissolved Company, shall, subject to the Contracts, Obligations, Debts, and Liabilities of that Company, become at the Time of Amalgamation, and by virtue of the amalgamating Act, vested in the amalgamated Company, and may and shall be held, used, exercised, and enjoyed by the amalgamated Company in the same Manner and to the same Extent as the same respectively at the Time of Amalgamation are, or if the amalgamating Act were not passed might be, held, used, exercised, and enjoyed by the dissolved Company.

39. The Special Acts relating to or affecting the dissolved Company or their Undertaking in force at the passing of the amalgamating Act shall, except so far as they are thereby expressed to be varied or repealed, remain in full Force; and all Bights and Powers thereby conferred on and vested in the dissolved Company in relation to their Undertaking may be enjoyed and exercised by the amalgamated Company in relation to the dissolved Undertaking; and all Matters to be done, continued, or completed, or which but for the Amalgamation would, might, or could be done, continued, or completed, by the dissolved Company, or their Directors, Officers, or Servants, under or by virtue of those Acts, shall or may be done, continued, or completed by the amalgamated Company, and their Directors, Officers, and Servants, as the Case may be; and every Special Act, so far as it relates to or affects the dissolved Company or their Undertaking, shall be read and construed as if the Name of the amalgamated Company had been used therein in relation to that Undertaking instead of the Name of the dissolved Company.

40. Except as may be otherwise provided in the Special Act, all Debts and Money due from or to the dissolved Company, or any Persons on their Behalf, shall be payable and paid by or to the amalgamated Company; and all Tolls, Bates, Duties, and Money due or payable by virtue of any Act relating to the dissolved Company from or to that Company shall be due and payable from or to the amalgamated Company, and shall be recoverable from or by the amalgamated Company by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the same Conditions, as the same would or might have been recoverable from or by the dissolved Company if the amalgamating Act had not been passed.

4L All Deeds, Conveyances, Grants, Assignments, Leases, Purchases, Sales, Mortgages, Bonds, Covenants, Agreements, Contracts, and Securities which before the Amalgamation have been executed, made, or entered into by, with, to, or in relation to f the dissolved Company, or the Directors thereof, and which are in force at the Time of Amalgamation, and all Obligations and Liabilities which before the Amalgamation have been incurred by or to, or which but for the Amalgamation might or would have arisen in relation to, the dissolved Company or the Directors thereof, shall be as valid and of as full Force and Effect in favour of, against, or in relation to the amalgamated Company as if the same had been executed, made, or entered into by, with, or to, or in relation to, or had been incurred by or to or had arisen in relation to, the amalgamated Company by Name.

42. All Causes and Bights of Action or Suit accrued before the Time of Amalgamation, and then in any Manner enforceable by, for, or against the dissolved Company, shall be and remain as good, valid, and effectual for or against toe amalgamated Company as they would or might have been for or against the dissolved Company affected thereby, if the amalgamating Act had not been passed.

43. Nothing in the amalgamating Act or in this Part of this Act shall cause the Abatement, Discontinuance, or Determination of or in anywise prejudicially affect any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity commenced by or against the dissolved Company, either solely or jointly with any other Company or with any Person, before the Time of Amalgamation, and then pending; but the same may be continued, prosecuted, or enforced by or against the amalgamated Company, either solely or, as the Case may require, jointly with such other Company or with such Person; and all Persons committing Offences against any of the Provisions of any Special Act relating to the dissolved Company before the Amalgamation may be prosecuted, and all Penalties incurred by reason of such Offences may be sued for and recovered, in like Manner in all respects as if the amalgamating Act

had

423

vested in Company.

Acts relating to dissolved Companies to apply to amalgamated Company.

Saving Debts and Claims of dissolved Companies.

Saving Conveyances, Contracts, 8cc.

Causes and Rights of Action reserved.

Actions not to abate.

m

Saving Sub-misfckm* and Awards relating to dissolved Companies.

Unexecuted Works of dissolved Companies may be completed.

Contracts for Land entered into by dissolved Companies to be executed.

Application of Money paid into Bank or to Trustees.

Officers of dissolved Companies to be accountable for Books, &c.

Officers of dissolved Companies to be Officers of

Company.

<4. m

had riot been passed, — 4he amalgamated Company being in! respect of all such Matters considered as identical with the drasolred Company .: 1

44. No Submission to Arbitration of any Matter in dispute between the dissolved Company and any other Company or any Person, under which any Referenda impending and incomplete at the Time of Amalgamation, and no Award theretofore made and then remaining in force, shall be revoked or prejudicially affected by anything in the amal-

1 gamating Act or in this Pajrt of this Act contained; but every euch Subm&sion and Awflrd shall be as valid and effectual for or against the amalgamated Company as it would have J*eew for or against the dissolved Company, (

45. All "Works which the dissolved Company is at the Time of Amalgamation authorized

or bound to execute and complete, and which are not then Executed or completed, may or shall (as the Case may require) be executed or completed by the amalgamated Company, and for that Purpose the amalgamated Company shall have and be subject to all IhaJPoWCrs, Rights, and Conditions which were conferred or imposed upon the^ dissolved Company, and which but for the passing of the amalgamating Act might have been uxerefoed by or* enforced against the dissolved Company.

46. Where the dissolved Company has under any Special Act entered into any Contract for the Purchase of or taken or used any Lands, which at the Time of Amalgamation bavA not been effectually conveyed to the dissolved Compapy, or the Purchase Money; in reapeei of which has not been duly paid by the dissolved Company, — then and in every such Case the Contract, if in force at the Tim? of Awalgamation, shall thereafter ho oompleted by, and such Lands shall bn conveyed to, the amalgamated Company, prias the aiinalgam&ted Company directs* and the purchase Money shall be paid and applied puimiwt to the Speciall Acts relating to the dissolved Company; and those Acts shall, in relation to the Completion, of the Contract and the Purchase and Conveyance of the Lands, and the Payment and

: Application of the Purchase Motley In Tespect thereby be read* and construed as amalgamated Company were tho Company named in the Acts and CofntTact.

47- Where any Money has, before /the Time of Aanldgamatieta, been paid by the dissolved

Company, or is thereafter paid by the amalgamated Company under any Special Act relating to the dissolved Company, into the Bank of Engimd, orinto One of the incorporated or chartered Ranks in Scotland, or into the Rank of Ireland, or to any Trustee or Trustees, on account of the Purchase of any Lands, or any Interest therein, or for any Com-, pensation pr Satisfaction, or on any other Account, such, Money, or the Stocks, Funds, or Securities in or upon which the saine then is or thereafter may be invested by Order of any Court, or otherwise; and the Interest, Dividends, and annual Produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of pursuant to ^ucH Special Act; and that and every other Act shall, in relation to such Money, Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or the Interest, Dividends, or annual Produce thereof, be reaid and Construed Us ff the amalgamated Company were the Company therein named with reference to the, same Money, Stocks, Funds, Securities, Intereist, Diridendis, or annual Produce, , f ' r 1 y1

48- All Officers and Persons who, at the Time of Amalgamation!, have in thefr PoseSesion or, under their'Control any Books, Documents, Papers, or Effects belonging to the dissolved Company, , oar to which the dissolved Company would but foir such Disscnution have been entitled, shall be Kablo to account for and delrve(Mip the same to the amalgamated Company, or to Such Persons as the amalgamated Company may appoint to reocive the same, in the sanle Manner, and subject to the aomU Consequences on Refusal or Neglect* as if^uCh Officers and Persons had been appointed by and become possessed of such Books* Documents, i Papers, or Effects for the amalgamated Company.

49. All Clerks, Officers, and Servants who at the Time of Amalgamation are in the Employment of the dissolved Company shall thereupon become Clerks, Officers, or Servants, as the Case may be, of the amalgamated Company, with the same Rights, and subject to the same Obligations and Incidents in respect of such Employment as they would have had or been subject to as the Clerks, Officers, or Servants of the dissolved Company, and shall '

1! ' so

26? «c c. 9Sk 425

so cootjnw unl's mid until th$y respectively are duly removed from.such Employment by the amalgamated Company, or until the Terms of. their Employment are duly altered by the amalgamated Company.

50, All Boohs and Documents which would have been Evidence in respect of any Book *, &c. to Matter for or against the dissolved Company shall be admitted as Evidence in respect of Evidence, the same or the like Matter for or against the amalgamated Company *

1 51. All Resolution^ of any General Meeting or Board of Directors of the dissolved Resolutions of Company; or of any duly constituted and authorized Committee thereof, so far as the same C°m

are applicable and remain in force, shall, notwithstanding the Dissolution, continue to be remain in operative, and shall apply to the amalgamated Company, and to the Directors, Offipers, and force. Servants of the amalgamated Company, until duly revoked or altered by the amalgamated Company or undei; their Authority., ..

52. AH Calls made by the dissolved Company, and not paid at the Time of Amalga- Payment of ifaatioB, shall be payable to and may be tetifoVced by the amalgamated Company, as if such CaUs *

Calls had been made by the amalgamated Company.

53. All Registers of Shares, Stock, Mortgages, and Bonds of the dissolved Company, Registers, and all Registers of Transfers thereof respectively, and all Shareholders and Stockholders

Address Books, and all Certificates of Shares ot Stock of and in the dissolved Company, relating to dig-Which are valid and subsisting at the Time of Amalgamation, shall continue to be valid and solved Corn-subsisting, and shall have the same Operation and Effect as before the Dissolution, unless.

and until new or altered Registers, Books, and Certificates respectively are substituted in replaced, their Steady and all Transfers, Sales, or Dispositions of Stock or Shares made before the Disso4tftkm: and riot theri completed shall have the sariie Operation and Effect as if made after the Dissolution.

54. All the Byelaws, Rules, and Regulations of the dissolved Company relating to the Byelaws to Management, Use, or Central of their Undertaking shall, notwithstandu^ the Dissolution, Jemainin continue to be in force and applicable to and in respect of the Undertaking, and shall and foTce* may be enforced by and available to the amalgamated Company in their own Name, as well for the Recovery of Penalties as fo* all other Purposes, as if the same respectively had been* originally made by the amalgamated Company, until the Expiration of Twelve Months after the Time of Amalgamation* or until other Byelaws, Rules, and Regulations are duly made by the amalgamated Company in their Stead, whichever first happens.

55. Notwithstanding the Dissolution of the dissolved Company, and the* Amalgamation* General Sav-cvery thing before the Time of Amalgamation done, suffered, and confirmed respectively,) ing of Rights under or by virtue of any Special Act relating to the dissolved Company, shall be as valid and CIaim5' as if the amalgamating Act had not been passed; and the Dissolution and Amalgamation ,; and the amalgamating Act, and this Part of this Act, respectively, shall accordingly be subject and without Prejudice to everything so done, suffered, and* confirmed respectively, / and to all Rights, Inabilities, Claims, and Demands, presenter future, which if the Disso-. lution and Amalgamation had not taken place, and the amalgamating Act had not been passed, would be inoident to or consequent on anything so done, suffered, and confirmed respectively; and with respect to nil Things bo done, suffered, and confirmed respectively,

: vnd to all such Rights, Liabilities, Claims, and Demands, the amalgamated Company shall to all Interite represent the dissolved Company; and the Generality of this present Provision shall not be deemed to be restricted by any other of the Provisions of this Part of this Act, or by any Provision of the amalgamating Act that does not expressly refer to this preseiH Provision, and expressly restrict the Operation thereof.

26 & 27 Vict.

3 Ii

m

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 17.

[Short Title.]

Application of Act and Interpretation of Ternwi,

Power for Justices to inquire as to Danger of Reservoir.

Order of Justices for immediate Repair.

Order of Justices on Undertakers to repair Reservoir.

Order of Justices on Failure of

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to Waterworks.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, was passed in order to comprise in One Act sundry Provisions which were at the Time of the passing of that Act usually introduced into Acts of Parliament authorizing the Construction of certain Waterworks:

And whereas sundry Provisions of the like Nature, but not comprised in the said Act, are now frequently introduced into Acts of Parliament relating to Waterworks, and it is expedient to comprise such last-mentioned Provisions also in One Act, and that as well for the Purpose of avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in Special Acts relating to Waterworks, as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, a3 follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1863; and The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847, and this Act may be cited together as the Waterworks Clauses Acts, 1847 and 1863.

2. This Act shall apply to any Waterworks to which any Special Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Act relates; and every such Special Act is herein-after referred to as " the Special Act."

Terms used in this Act have the same Meanings as the same Terms have when used in The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847.

The Provisions respecting the Recovery of Penalties contained in the last-mentioned Act shall be incorporated with this Act.

Security of Reservoirs.

And with respect to the Security of the Reservoirs constructed by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

3. Whenever any Person interested complains to Two Justices that any Reservoir constructed by the Undertakers is in a dangerous State, such Justices shall forthwith make Inquiry into the Truth of the Complaint; or Two Justices, on their own View, and without Complaint by any Person, may proceed under the present Provisions as if a Complaint had been so made to them.

4. If, on any such Inquiry, the Justices are satisfied that the Complaint is well founded, and that the Reservoir is in a dangerous State, and that the Danger is so imminent as not to admit of Delay in removing the Cause of Complaint, they shall order such Person as they think fit to enter on the Property of the Undertakers, and to lower the Water in the Reservoir, and to execute and do all such Works and Things as the Justices think requisite and proper for removing the Cause of Complaint.

5. If, on any such Inquiry, the Justices are satisfied that there is good Cause of Complaint, but are not satisfied that the Reservoir is in such an imminently dangerous State as not to admit of Delay in removing the Cause of Complaint, they shall issue their Summons to the Undertakers to answer the Complaint; and upon hearing the Parties, the Justices may, or upon Default of Appearance of the Undertakers, then in their Absence, the Justices shall, order the Undertakers, within such Period as the Justices think reasonable and specify in the Order, to lower the Water in the Reservoir, and to execute and do all such Works and Things as the Justices think requisite and proper for removing the Cause of Complaint.

If the Undertakers fail to execute or do within that Period any such Work or Thing, the Justices who made the Order, or any other Two Justices, on being satisfied of such

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 93. 421

Failure, may either order such Persons as the Justices think fit to enter on the Property of Undertakers to the Undertakers, and to lower the Water in the Reservoir, and to execute and do all such rePftir-Works and Things as the Justices think requisite and proper for removing the Cause of Complaint; or may, if they-think fit, by Order impose on the Undertakers a Penalty, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every Day during which such Failure continues after the making of the Order imposing the Penalty.

6. Any Order of Justices made in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be in Writing under Form of Order, their Hands, and may be in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances require.

7. Any Person acting under and in pursuance of any such Order shall not be deemed a Persons acting Trespasser; and if any Person wilfully obstructs any Person lawfully acting in obedience |Jot Tj^- to any such Order, or wilfully does, or instigates, or suffers to be done, anything in papers, contravention thereof, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding

Fifty Pounds.

8. The Justices may order all, or such Part as they think fit, of the Costs of and incident Order for Pay-to the applying for and obtaining of any such Order to be paid by the Undertakers, and Expenses also all, or such Part as the Justices think fit, of the Expenses of the Works and Things executed and done in pursuance of any such Order by any Person other than the Undertakers, to be paid by the Undertakers to such Person as the Justices appoint.

If the Justices before whom the Complaint is made think that there is no sufficient Ground for the Complaint, they may, if they think fit, order the Complainant to pay to the Undertakers the whole or any Part of their Costs of or incident to the Complaint.

9. If the Undertakers consider themselves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of Appeal by Justices under the present Provisions, they may in like Manner and subject to the like Undertaker8-Conditions as by The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are provided in the Case

of Appeals in respect of Penalties, appeal to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal arises; and that Court may, on the Hearing of the Appeal, either affirm or quash the Order or Determination, or make such other Order in the Premises as may seem fit, and may make such Order as to the Costs, both of the original Proceedings and of the Appeal, as may seem fit; but the Order or Determination appealed against shall, pending the Appeal, continue in force.

10. Notwithstanding anything in the Special Act contained, the Undertakers shall not Undertakers be liable to pay any Damages, Penalties, Costs, Charges, or Expenses for or in respect of, notI^b^ or be answerable or accountable for, any Diminution or Cessation of the Supply of Water,

Or any other Breach or Nonperformance of their or any of their Duties, Liabilities, or of Order. Obligations under the Special Act, that may be occasioned by or result from the Execution of any such Order.

11. The present Provisions with respect to the Security of Reservoirs shall apply to Provisions as England and Ireland; and they shall also apply to Scotland, subject to the following to Variations, namely, — the Sheriff shall be deemed to be empowered thereby, as well as

Two Justices; and the Appeal given shall lie from Two Justices in manner provided by Sections One hundred and fifty-one and One hundred and fifty-two of The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and shall lie from a Sheriff Substitute to the Sheriff Depute, where the Matter comes in the first instance before a Sheriff Substitute; and in that Case the Sheriff Depute shall hear and determine the Appeal, and may either confirm, recall, vary, or supersede the Order of the Sheriff Substitute as he thinks proper; and the Costs of the Appeal shall be in the Discretion of the Sheriff; and the Order or Judgment of the Sheriff in the Appeal shall be final.

Supply of Water.

And with respect to the Supply of Water to be furnished by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

12. A Supply of Water for domestic Purposes shall not include a Supply of Water for Suppty for Cattle, or for Horses, or for washing Carriages where such Horses or Carriages are kept domestic

3 H 2 for Purposes.

m

Want of Supply for other than domestic Purposes, when excuse^.

Power to let Meters for Hire.

r h

Power^for ascertaining Quantity consumed by Meter, and for removing Meters, &c.

Power to cut off Water in certain Cases.

Penalty for Waste, &c. of Water by Nonrepair of Pipes, &c.

Penalty for Application of Water contrary to Agreement.

2e*> & 27"!'HIC!TORIiE, A 9&

for Sale* or Hire or by a Common Carrie *, or a Supply for ally Trade, Manufacture, or Business, or for watering Gardens, or for' Fountains, or for any ornamental Purpose.

13. Where the Undertakers are authorized by the Special Act to supply Water for other than domestic Purposes, they shall not be1 liable, in the Absence of express Stipulation ,; under any Agreement for the Supply of Water for other than domestic Purposes, to any Penalty or Damages for not supplying such Water, if the Want of such Supply arises from

{Frost, unusual Drought, or other unavoidable Cause or Accident. i

14. Where the Undertakers are authorized by the Special Act to supply Water by Measure, they may let for Hire to any Consumer of Water so supplied any Meter or Instrument for measuring the Quantity of ^Tater supplied and consumed, and any Pipes and Apparatus for the Conveyance, Reception, or Storage of the Water, for such Remuneration in Money as may be agreed upon between them and the Consumer, which, shall be recoverable in the same Manner as Rates due to the Undertakers for Water; and the Meters, Instruments, Pipes, and Apparatus shall not be subject to Distress or to the Landlord^ Hypothec for Rent of the Premises where the same are used, or be attached or taken in Execution under apy Process of any Court of Law or Equity, or under or in pursuance of any Adjudication or Order in Bankruptcy, or other legal Proceeding, against or affecting the Consumer of the Water or the Occupier of the Premises, or other the Person nx whose Possession the Meters, Instruments, Pipes, mid Apparatus may be.

I5i The Officers of the Undertakers may enter any House, Building, or Lands to ,; through, or into which Water is supplied by them by Measure, in order to inspect the Meters, Instruments, Pipes, and Apparatus for the measuring. Conveyance, Reception, or Stbrage of Water, or for the Purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Water supplied or consumed, and may from Time to Time enter any House, Building, or Lands, for the Purpose of removing any Meter, Instrument, Pipe, or Apparatus the Property of the Undertakers; and if any Person hinders any such Officer from entering or making such Inspection, or effecting such Removal, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; but, except with the Consent of a Justice or the Sheriff, this Power of Entry shall be exercised only between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and 1 Four in the Afternoon.

Protection of Water, ' i

And with respect to the Waste or Misuse of the Water supplied by or belonging to the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

16. If any Person supplied with Wa^er jbythe Undertakers wrongfully does or causes or

permits to be done anything in contravention of any of the Provisions of the Special Act, or wrongfully fails to do anything which, under any of those Provisions, ought to be done for the Prevention of the Waste, Misuse, undue Consumption, or Contamination of the Water of the Undertakers, they may (without Prejudice to any Remedy against him in reaped thereof) cut off any of the Pipes by or through which Water is supplied by them to biu^ or for hjs Use, and may oease to supply him with Water, so long as the Cause of Ii\jury remains or is not remedied.

17. If any Person supplied with Water by the Undertakers wilfully or negligently causes or suffers any Pipe, Valve, Cock, Cistern, Bath, Soil-pan, Watercloset, or other Apparatus or Receptacle to be out of repair, or to be so used or contrived as that; the Water supplied to him by the Undertakers is or is likely to be wasted, misused, unduly oqusumed, pr contaminated, or so as to occasion or allow the Return of foul Air, or other noisome or impure Matter, into any Pipe belonging to or connected with the Pipes of the Undertakers, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

18. If any Person —

First, not having from the Undertakers a Supply of Water for other than domestic Purposes, uses, for other than domestic Purposes, any Water supplied to him by the Undertakers; or

Secondly,

28* .& 2r°i\i retro rl 429

Secmdly^ haiFin^ frObi the UiidA^Bpfc^rar a Supply 61 Water for any either than douaestio Purpo^s. Usesj foriony PurposesotJior tihan thoee for whidi he is Entitled to use thO1 same*; any Water supplied to jiim by the Undertakers, — .

he shall for £veiy such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Portv Shillings, Without Prejudice to the Right of the Undertakers to Recover from him the Value of the Water (misused.' (t }Y{ 15 Y.

19# It shall not be lawful for the Owiiefr or Occupier of auy Promisee supplied tvitli1 Penalty for Water by, the Undertakers, or any Conpper of the Water of the Undertakers ^, or ppy ^ltaradorcof other Person, to affix or cause or permit to be affixed any Pipe or Apparatus to a Pipe pipes.': belonging to the Undertakers, orfea Communication or Service Pipe belonging to or used, by such Owner, Occupier, Consumer, or other Person, or to make any Alteration iu any sqch Communication or Service Pipe, or in any Apparatus connected therewith, without thej Consent in every such Case of the Undertakers; and if any Person acts in any respect in, contravention of the Provisions of the present Section, he shall for every such Offence bq liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, without Prejudice to the Right of the,

Undertakers to recover Damages from him in respect of any Injury done to their Property, and without Prejudice to their Right to recover from him, tnc Value of any Water wasted, misused, or unduly consumed., J

20. If any PerBon, no^ being supplied with Water by the Undertakers, wrongfully takes Penalty for

or uses any Water from any Reservoir^ Watercourse, Conduit, or Pipe belonging, toYf^o^Apree-: Undertake^ or from any Pipe leading to or from any such Reservoir, Watercourse, Uopduit, ment. or Pipe, or from any Cistern or other like iMac^ containing Water belonging to the Under- r -

takers, or supplied, oy them for j^e Use of any Consume* of the yfatqvot the Undertakers^ / .

he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

'v"1. ':, r'M . "' 1 ' 1 ' 1 Y ' j 7 l/

1 Recovery of Rates. ' j

And with, respect to the Recovery of Water Rates and other, Moneys be it enacted as! follows* . ... *; i

21. If any Person refuses or neglects to pay to the Undertakers any Rate or Sum due to* Recovery of them under the Special Act, they may recover the same, with Costs, in any Court of com-; ^tion!^ petent Jurisdiction; and their Remedy under the present Section shall be in addition to

their other Remedies for the Recovery thereof.

SCHEDULE .: Y f Y(' :i \:l

1 Form of Order\ of Justices.

! To yi.fi. of &c. 1 v ' ': 1, 1 '

We the-undersigned, Two of Her Majesty5* Justices of the Peace acting fot the of i -ti i i / i ' do hereby order and direct yon [and such' Person

and Persons'as you ihay re^uif'fe to aid and as9lBt you herein,] forthwith to lower the Water in the [here describe the Reservoir and the Extent to which the Water is to be loivered], and to1 do all such Works and Things as are requisite to repair and make secure the said Reservoir [and you shall do as little Injury as possible to the Property of the '

and for acting as you are hereby directed this shall beyoiir sufficient Warrant].

1 Given under our Hands this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and v

..... AM.

1, w . ' i i - " i

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 94

For removing Doubts as to Highway Boards established under 25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. being liable to contribute to Repair of Turnpike Roads, in pursuance of 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. &c.

As to Term " Local Act."

Continuation of Acts, except

10 G. 4. c. xviii.

11 G. 4. &

1 W. 4.

c. lxxxviii.

1 W. 4. cc. i., xxviii., & xlii.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xli.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Repair of Turnpike Roads in England, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the Repair of Turnpike c Roads, and to continue for limited Times the Acts herein-after specified:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and .Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: .

1. ' Whereas Doubts are entertained whether Highway Boards established under the c Act of the Session of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, are liable to contribute to the Repair of Turnpike Roads in pursuance of the Act of the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Yeaifc of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-nine, and the Acts continuing the same i Be it enacted, That where any Turnpike Road is situate in a Parish that is included in a Highway District, an Order may be made on the Highway Board of the District to contribute to the Repair of that Road under the same Circumstances under which an Order for the same Puroose may be made on the Parish Surveyor in pursuance of the said Act of the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-nine, as continued as aforesaid; and for the Puimoses of the said last-mentioned Act, the Highway Board shall be deemed to be substituted for the Parish Surveyor, and any Rate leviable in pursuance of a Precept of the Board for the Rate or Assessment levied or to be levied by the said Surveyor as in the said Act mentioned, and any Moneys paid by the Board for the Purposes or in pursuance of the last-mentioned Act, shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred by the Board in respect of the Repair of Highways in the Parish in which the Turnpike Road is situate for which Contribution is required, and " Parish," as used in this Section, shall mean any Place in a Highway District that returns a Waywarden or Way-wardens to the Board of that District; and it is hereby declared, that " Local Act," as used in the Seventh Section of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, does not include Turnpike Acts.

2. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime continues the same; but every other Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter' Eighteen," for amending, altering, and improving the Roads " leading to the Town of Okehampton in the County of Devon, and making and maintaining " a certain new Road to communicate therewith;" an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-eight," for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Top " of Whitesheet Hill to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of " Wilts*" an Act of the First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter One," for more " effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Highgate in the County of " Middlesex, through Whetstone to Chipping Barnet in the County of Hertford, and the cc Road from Chipping Barnet to the Thirteen Milestone near Gannick Corner in the Parish w of South Mims in the said County of Middlesex an Act of the same Year, Chapter Twenty-eight," for more effectually amending and widening the Road from a Place near " the Village of Milford in the County of Surrey, through Halsemere, to the Forty-third " Milestone at Carpenter s Heath, and from thence to a Bridge near the Blue Bell Inn," over Houndleys Water, at the Boundary of the said County of Surreyan Act of the same Year, Chapter Forty-two," for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road " over Horley Common in the County of Surrey to a Place called Black Corner, and from " thence to the Brighthelmston Turnpike Road at Cuckfield in the County of Sussexand an Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-one,

" for

26° & 2 VVICTORIA, c. 94. m

« for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from the " Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, and Wootton Bassett in the County

" of wuur

[Short Title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1863.

SCHEDULE.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of 5*2 G. 3. c. vii. His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alfreton to Mansfield in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and 52 G. 3.

Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chesterfield to Hernstone c* xxxi-Lane Head, with its Branches; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for 53 G. 3. repairing the Road from Peterborough to Thorney, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of c* Cambridge.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for 53 G. 3. c. cc. repairing the Road from the Market Place in Bicester in the County of Oxford to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for 55 G. 3. c. xi. repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Southam in the County of Warwick.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands on the Worcester and Oxford 57 G. 3. c. v. Turnpike Road to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick, and Worcester.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond in the County of York 57 G. 3. to Lancaster in the County of Lancaster, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and c# XXTii' from Gilling to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, and Two Acts of His 58 G. 3. present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Wincanton, c* xlv* and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Dorset

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign 59 G. 3. of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as c* xli& relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Mold in the said County of Flint.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Pool 1 G. 4. c. xtv. in the County of Montgomery, through Oswestry in the County of Salop, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and several other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties and in the County of Merioneth; and for making several new Branches of Roads to communicate with the said Roads in the Counties of Salop, Montgomery, and Denbigh.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Somersham, to the Crown 1 G. 4.

Inn in Saint Ives, and also the Road branching out of the said Road, near Stock's Bridge, c*lxxix-through Needingworth, to Hermitage Bridge in the Parish of Earith in the County of Huntingdon.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the 1 & 2 G. 4. Roads from Gander Lane in the County of Derby to Sheffield in the County of York, and llv# from Mosbrough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby; and also for widening and altering certain Parts of the said Roads, and making and maintaining certain Branches of Road communicating therewith.

An Act for repairing Part of the great Road from Gloucester to Bristol, and certain 1 & 2 G. 4. Roads through and near the Towns of Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton-under-Edge and Stroud, c*lxxxii-and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts,

An

3 G. 4. c. xL

3 G. 4. c. xvi.

3 G. 4. c. xli.

3 G. 4. c. Jxii.

3 G. 4. c.lxV.

3 G. 4. c. lxxxvii.

t- /> v. _, /* i

3 G. 4. c. xciv.

4 G. 4. c. 1.

. t.

4 G. 4. c. lxii.

4 G. 4., .D

c. lxxxii.

5 G. 4. c. xi.

r>, - '

5 G. 4. c. xiv.

. t i j, \

5 0, 4. .O ' c. xxviii.

5 G/tf. c, rxXjt.

5 G. 4. c. xxxii.

5 G. 4. c. lxxxvi.

2(5; , & 27", Y, igX9Rl^ C. 94.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the several Acta passed for repairing the Road front the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, hnd from thence to Newport in the County of Salofb and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so for as relate to the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for diverting a certain Part of the Road comprised within tim said District. , : J

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Three Acts for repairing the Rdads lending from: the Ryeway in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned in thd said> County of, Radnor in the Counties of Hereford and Salop. 5:

An Act for continuing the Term-aidaiteringy amending, and enlarging th<£PoWerfc Of several Acts, for repairing the Roads therein inentianed in the Counties of Denbigh tod Flint, so far ae, relate to thjv Ropd front Ruthin in the County of Denbigh to Meddlin'! th& County of Flint. 1 -; ..

An Act fpp amending and beeping in repair the Ro*d from the Turnpike (Sate at the Bottom of , White. Street Dill in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Portland Sherborne ki the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-Way House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise LoweSd Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads communicating therewith.

, An Act to repeal seveVat Acts passed for repairing several Roads leading to the Town* of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading to the said Town, and to consolidate and comprise the; same in One Afet of Psariiainenti > / V.

L' An Act for radre-efffetffeuaJly afoCiiding, ilAptoviiig, and keeping in repair the Road^ leading from certain Bridges oyer the River .Wye, called Whitney Bridge and I^redwardlhe Bridge, in the County of Hereford, towards; the Town of Hay in the County of Brecon..; 7 An Act for itepairing and hnpfoVliig several Roads leading to and from the Town Caerieoii in th6'County of Mbnmouih.)

An Act for repairing the Road from Sage Cross in the Town of Melton Mowbray in the Cduwty df Leicester to the Town of Grantham^ in the County of Lincoln.

Ajn^Adt for room effectually repaliring the Roads from Dyed Way to Somertori, and froth Gawbridge- to Tintinhull Fords, and! from a Stream bf Water called Ford to Cartgate m Ma^tpek, and o#*er Roada therein mentioned, infthe County offSomerset.

An Act for improving rapd keeping in repair the Road from Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester! foth« South-east End:^ A^oUm Forge near Weybrlmm in the Saine County. > r . J

, Anr Act for amending an^ n^intaining the Roads leading from the Town of Ncswent in the County of (jloupestei *, and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester, and Hereford- -An Act for more pffect\ially vepairing and imjpcoying so much of the Road from Keswick in the County of Cumberland, by Dunmail Raise and Ambleside, to Kirkby in Kendal in the Copnty of, Westmorland, as if situate in the said County of Westmorland, and also the feoad from Flumbgartlfs Cross., near Kirkby in Kendal aforesaid, to the I^ake called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland.,

\ An Act for retiring the Road leading from the Worcester Turnpike Road in the Village of Broadway in the County of Worcester to the Stratford-upon'.Avon Turnpike Roac} in the Village of Mickleton in the County of Gloucester.

j Anf Act foritepairing^ impfoving, and maintaining several Roads leading to and from Come Abbas invthe County of Dorset

An Act for more effectually amending the Roads frdm Whitchurch in the County of ^alop t6 thto Ptewt nf tUe^ Rood leadingufroih Nhntwich in the County of Chester to New-castle-under-Lyne in the County of Stafford, which passes through the Township of Mndeley in the said County of Stafford; and also front Hinstock in the said County of Salop to Nantwich aforesaid.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Sacred Gate in the Township of Thorngumbidd to Pattrington HaVen*/and from the Guide Post in Winestead to the Township of South Frodingbam in the Dast Riding of the CountV bf York.

1 \ M: '* , »U ? . 1 ' J ' t ' [- 1 1 J; ' '1 ' 1 ' f- ' ' J *' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '

r-f 1 '

26" & 27"TICTC>RI^; 94.

An Act for moreeffectimUy repai^ the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley 6G, 4, c. vii. Moor in the County of York to Staindrop in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Small ways, across the River Tees* to Winston in the said County of Durham.

An Act for repairing the Road from Stockton to Barnard Castle in the County of 6 G. 4. c. xiii. Durham.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport in the 6 G. 4. c. xxrii. County Palatine of Chester to near New Houses in the County of York* and other Road^ in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making and maintaining several new Branches to communicate therewith.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brighouse in th6 Parish, 6 G. 4. c. xlir. of Halifax to Denholme Gate in the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York. 4

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge e&4. to Portsmouth and from Fetersfield to the Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near 09 1xxxtu-Ropley in the County of Southampton, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Denbigh in the 6 G. 4. County of Denbigh to Pentre Voelas in the said County* and from thence to Fynnon Eidda c-cxlviii-in the County of Carnarvon.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Doncaster, through Hatfield, 6 G. 4. to Bain Qroft Bam near Thome* with. One Branch therefrom* in the We*t Riding of the cimv. County of York.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Road leading from Pengate in the Parish of 7 G. 4. c. xv. Westbury to a Place formerly called Price's Warren Gate at Tinhead in the Parish of, Edington, in the County of Wats, and other Roads near or adjoining the said Roads* in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset / .....

An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Mile-stone in the Parish of Rusootnber 7 G. 4. c. lxxiii. in the County of Berks towards Reading to a Place called the Seven Mile-stone in the Parish of Recnham in the same County* and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the North-west Parts 7 & 8 G. 4. of the Cotmty of Lincoln, through Nettlehnm Fields, Wragby Lane, and Raumber Fields, C-Tli* to the North-easi Part of the said County* and other Roads therein described in the Baia County and in the City of Lincoln. 1

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from F^odsham to the 7 & 8 G.4. South End of Wilderspool Causeway, within Appleton, in the County Palatine of Chester; c-, , , and for making and maintaining a certain Extension or new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Corner 7 & so. 4. and other Roads in the County of Lincoln connected therewith. (c. 1xyii.

An /Vet for repairing the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of JJursley 9 G. 4. c.xlvii. in the County of Southampton to Andover, and from thencp to Newbury* and from Newbpry. to Chilton Pond, in the County of Berks. j,

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from the City of Chester 9 G.^. c. hurf. to the Town of Frodsham in the County of Chester, and from the said Tewm of Ffodshan* to Ashton* Lane End in the same County., f:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brampton to Longtowfr in the County 10 G. 4. of Cumberland. 1 _ c. lxxxii.

An Act for ^tuaUy repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and 10 G.4. through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and c< xcl11* maiptainipgja new Road, from Chard to Dreutpton in the County of Dorset*: /

An Act tpi enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for more effectually improving the 11 G. 4. c. fi. Roads to and from the Tow; n of Great Torringtpa in the County of Devon* ' "

An Act for repairing certain Turnpike Roads leading to and from Thirsk in the County 11 G. 4. c. iv. of York.

26 & 27 Vict. 3 1 An

434

11 G. 4. C. Til 11 G. 4. c. xxi.

llG. 4. c. xiiv.

11 G. 4. c. xxxviii.

11 G. 4. e. lxxxii.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxvi.

11 G. 4. c. xcix.

1 W. 4. c. xlv.

1 W. 4. c. lxii.

1 & 2 W.4,

c.*lxxii.

2 W. 4. c. iii.

2 W. 4. c. iv.

2 W. 4. c. v.

2 W. 4. c. xiv. 2 W. 4. c. xv.

2 W. 4. c. xviii.

2 W. 4. c. xix.

2 W. 4. o, xxi.

2 W. 4. c. xxix.

2 W. 4, c.xxxiL

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 94.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the Colliery near Pinxton Green in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, ^nd improving the Road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith.

An Act for repairing the Road from Wool Bridge to the Borough of Dorchester in the County of Dorset.

An Act for maintaining the Road from Haverhill in the County of Suffolk to Redcross in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through Offham, to Witch Cross; from the Cliffe near Lewes, through Uckfield, to Witch Cross; and from the said Cliffe, through Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for amending an Act of the last Session, entitled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset; and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating with the said Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough in the County of Kent to Beggars Bush in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresfield in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads called "The Pucklechurch or Lower District of Roads," in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith; and also for making and repairing additional Branches of Road.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Turnpike Roads leading from Ashford to Buxton, and from Tideswell to Blackwell, and from Edensor to Ashford, all in the County of Derby.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Hardingston to Old Stratford in the County of Northampton.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for diverting, altering, repairing, maintaining, and improving the several Turnpike Roads within the District of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

An Act for repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, and from Brough to Welton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act for repairing the Road leading out of the Bedford and Newport Pagnell Turnpike Road, near Bromham Grange, in the County of Bedford, to Olney and other Places in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge in the West Riding of the County of York, communicating with the Road at or near to the Sixth Mile Stone from Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Downham Market to Barton, and to a Place called the Devils Ditch, all in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Cockermouth to the Town of Workington, and a Branch of Road over Broughton High Bridge, unto and as far as the public Highway leading from the Village of Papcastle, towards and unto the Village of Great Broughton, in the County of Cumberland.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Alfreton Turnpike Road near Mansfield, through Tibshelf and Morton, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, and other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

An

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 94, 95. 435

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ightham in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone, in the said County.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold, near Shaftesbury in the County of Dorset, through Cranbourne Chase and the New Forest to the Bell Inn at Brook in the Parish of Bramshaw in the County of Southampton, together with Two Branches therefrom.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from Bawtry to Selby in the West Riding of the County of York

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst in the County of Kent.

An Act for improving certain Roads within the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford, called "The Dudley and New Inn District of Roads."

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Doncaster to the Town and Port of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for mere effectually repairing and amending the Marlborough District of the Road from Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everley, in the County of Wilts, and also the Branch Road from the same to the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Devices; and for making a Road from the said Branch Road at Collingbourn Ducis to join the present Turnpike Road from Andover to Salisbury in the said County.

An Act for maintaining certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Beverley, 2 & 3 W. 4. of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of North Cave, called "The Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave c'cuc# Turnpike Roads."

An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Marlborough and Salisbury Road, and for 6 W. 4. making a Road from the same to Amesbury, in the County of Wilts. °*lxxxvii *

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the 1 Vict. c. xll Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the Thirty-three Milestone in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks, towards Reading, to a Place called the Seven Mile-stone in the Parish of Beenham in the said County, and a certain other Road communicating therewith.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from a certain Point in the Kennington Road in 13 & u Vict. the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of c'lxxxv* Sussex, and thence to Witchcross in the same County, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act to repeal the Acts passed for repairing the Road from Hedon, through Preston 18 & Vfct and Bilton, to Hull, and other Roads, in the County of York, and to make other Provisions c-CXXXV1* in lieu thereof (so far as the same relates to the Second District).

2 W. 4. c. bdiV 2 W. 4. c. lxiv.

2W.4. c.lxxiii.

2W.4. c.lxxiv.

2 W. 4. c. lxxxv.

2 W. 4. c. lxzxvi.

2 W. 4. c. xcvii.

CAP. XCV. An Act for continuing various expiring Acts.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in the First Column of the Schedule hereto are wholly, or as to certain Provisions thereof, limited to expire at the Times specified in respect of such Acts in the Fourth Column of the said Schedule: And whereas it is expedient to continue such Acts, in so far as they are temporary in their c Duration, for the Times mentioned in respect of each such Act in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule Be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1863."

3 12

2. The

436 26" & 27" VICTORIA, c. 95, 96,

Continuance of 2. The Acts mentioned in Column One of the said Schedule, together with the Acts, if Acti* any, amending the same, shall, in so far as such Acts or any Provisions thereof are temporary

in their Duration, be continued until the Times respectively specified in respect of such Acts in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

; V 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.

Original Act?, Amending Acts. How far temporary. Time of Expiration of temporary Provision*. Continued until

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89 -Poo? Bates Stock in Trade Exemption. - Whole Act 1st October 1862, and End of then next Session. (22 & 23 Vict. c. 44.) 1st October 1865, and Ehd of then next Session.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. Poor Laws (Ireland). 14 & 15 Vict. c. 68. As to Powers of Commissioners. 23d July 1863, and End of then next Session. (25 & 26 Vict. c. 83.) 23d July 18^4, and End of then next Session.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to Provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c, 50. 1st August 1862, and End of then next Session. (22 & 23- Vict. c. 45.) 1st August 1863, and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ire-: laud). 26 & 21 Vict. c. 7. Whole Act 1st August 1863, and End of then next Session. (24 & 25 Vict. c. 58.) 1st August 1864, and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. Sheep and Cattle diseased. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 72. Whole Act 1st August 1863, and End of then next Session. (21 & 22 Vict. c. 62.) 1st August 1864, and End of then next Session.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. 178c 18 Vict. c. 116. 228c 23 Vict. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. Whole Act 1st January 1863, and End of then next Session. (24 & 25 Vict. c. 131.) 1st January 1864, and End of then uext> Session.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 29. Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). As to certain Powers conferred on Commissioners of Public Works. 1st January 1864 1st January 1865, and End of then next Session. — — — f

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act (1851J>, and the Petty Sessions Clerks(Ireland) Act (1858).

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained whether Complaints and Proceedings in reference to the Matters herein-after specified are subject to the Provisions of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and the Petty Sessions Clerks (Ireland) Act, 1858,

f and

26° & 27° VICT.OHI ^, c. 96, 97.

/ and of any Act for the Amendment of them or either of them, and it is expedient to

ensure Uniformity of Practice at Petty Sessions in relation to such Complaints and

Proceedings Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follow^:

L From and after the passing of this Act the Provisions, of the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, and of the Petty Session^ CJerfcs Act, 1858, (anything therein to the

conteary -notwithstanding,) shall apply to all Complaints or Proceedings under the Act of the Third and Fourth of William the Fourth, Chapter Sixjty-eight, and the Act of the Sixth and Seventh of William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight, and every Matter or Thing connected therewith, relating to Publicans beeping their Houses of Business open within prohibited Hours, or to Persons within such Hours tippling or gaming therein, or refusing to quit the same, or resisting tl^e Entry of Parties py (Law authorized to enter therein, or to Pu^licanp allowing illegal Assemblies of Societies on their Premises, or hanging out Elags or Emblems therefrom^ or! to Persons found drunk in any public Place or Thoroughfare.

-.w

Provisions of recited Acts to apply to Complaints or Proceedings under 8 & 4 W.4. c. 68. and 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 38. in Cases specified.

[Short Title.]

Sj* Ir^y be; cite* *s " The petty Segaioiw (^relanft) Amendment Act, 1863."

: it m]

/ t »J > *

A :-5

-H > '

A

I

P. XCVII.

An Act i tot enable Cities^ Towns, and/Borcmghs of ^Twenty-five/ thousand Inhflfoitantfc upwards to appoint Stipendiary Magistrates > >

j / Ai \ \ I [28th 1863.]

WHEREAS the Execution of the Office of Justice of the Peace within populous urV^xities iEUkdtJPlaeee iii'and ^FaWhas become7 difficult and burdensome, the (; grefd and increasing Extent of the populations therein, and the difficult and important ' legal Questions that arise under various Public and Local Acts, ! creating unreasonable c Demands upon the Time of Justices: And whereas there is Reason to believe that such

Cities And; Places would secure the Services of Stipendiary Magistrates for the, more

BpCe^ and effectual Execution of thje said Office, the better Protection, of the Persons

Cl and Properties of the Inhabitants, ajnd the Advantage of the/Public, if [Provision were made by Authority of Parliament j for the Appointment of such Magistrates:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, "by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: >;

L This Acf may be cited as " The Stipendiary Magistrates Act, 186j3..* '

2. In the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the interpretation Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless they be repugnant to of inconsistent with the of Terms* Contextur Subject Matter-in connexion with whichtheyare-usod; that is to say, -

The Words " City " or " Place" shall mean any City or Place, not a Municipal Corporation, wherein the -Public Health Act, Local Government Act, or Local Improvement Act is or shall be in operation, and shall comprise the whole Area to which the Public Health Act, Local Government Act, or Local Improvement Act shall extend, provided there i9 a Population within such Area of Twenty-five thousand Persons; and provided such Place is not included jin any ptistri# #>r w|yohrfy Sti-i i pentiiafy Magistrate is acting by virtue of any J^ct of, Parliament s > /

The Expression (tLocal Board" shall mean the Board appointed under any of such ' Acts: " '; (': 1 "; '; :t 111 J»

Thp Word " County shall mean County, Riding, Parts, Liberty, or Dfvfeion:

' ' 1 J *' v i i *-: I , 1 *: [; r /; /[The

[Short Title.]

Power to Local Board to make a Byelaw as to Salary to be fixed, on which Crown may appoint a Justice.

Local Board to provide and furnish a Police Office.

Justice need not be qualified by Estate;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 97.

The Word " Jurisdiction" shall include the entire Area of a City or Place to which any of such Acts shall extend:

This Act shall not extend to the City of London, or to any City or Place which is now incorporated or shall be incorporated under the Provisions of the Fifth and Sixth William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

3. If any Local Board of any City or Place shall, by a Majority of not less than Two Thirds of the Number of such Board, think it expedient that a Stipendiary Magistrate should be appointed to execute the Office of a Justice of the Peace within any City or Place, such Local Board is hereby empowered, by a like Majority, to make a Byelaw or Minute fixing the Amount of the Salary which he is to receive in that Behalf, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and such Byelaw or Minute shall be transmitted to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and it shall be lawful thereupon for Her Majesty, if She. shall think fit, to appoint a fit Person, being a Barrister-at-Law of not less than Five Years standing, to be, during Her Majesty's Pleasure, Police Magistrate and a Justice of the Peace for such City or Place, and to order that such Sum shall be paid quarterly out of the Local Improvement Rate of such City or Place as will be sufficient to pay such yearly Salary to the said Justice so assigned as aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Salary mentioned in such Byelaw or Minute so approved as aforesaid, clear of all Fees or Deductions, as to Her Majesty shall seem fit; and the Treasurer of such Local Board shall pay to the Justice so assigned as aforesaid, out of the Local Improvement Rates, the Salary so directed to be paid, by Four equal quarterly Payments, and in the same Proportion up to the Time of the Death of such Justice or his ceasing to act under such Assignment as aforesaid: Provided that in every Case of Vacancy of the Office of Police Magistrate in any City or Place aforesaid no new Appointment of Police Magistrate in such City or Place shall be made until the Local Board, in manner herein-before referred to, shall again make Application to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in that Behalf, and as in the Case of the First Appointment of a Police Magistrate in such City or Place.

4. The Local Board are hereby authorized and required to provide and furnish a fit and suitable Office, to be called the Police Office of the City or Place, for the Purpose of transacting the Business of the Justices of such City or Place, and to pay from Time to Time, out of the Local Improvement Rates, such Sums as may be necessary for providing, upholding, and famishing, and for the necessary Expenses of such Police Office, provided that no Room in any House licensed as a Victualling House or Alehouse shall be used for the Purposes of any such Police Office.

5. Any Person assigned to keep the Peace within any City or Place under the Provisions of this Act shall during the Continuance of such Assignment execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace in and for the City and Place for which he shall have been so assigned, although he may not have such Qualification by Estate as is required by Law in the Case of other Persons being Justices of the Peace for a County, provided that such Person be not disqualified by Law to act as a Justice of the Peace for any other Cause or upon any other Account than in respect of Estate, and shall sit and act as a Justice of the Peace within such Jurisdiction as aforesaid on all Matters where One or more Justices are by Law now required either alone or together with any other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the City or Place wherein his Jurisdiction is situate; and that every Summons for the Appearance of any Person, or Warrant to compel such Appearance, or Warrant for the Apprehension of any Person charged with any Offence, or search Warrant issued by any Justice of the Peace acting in and for any City or Place in any Matter within his Jurisdiction, may be respectively served and executed within any County in which the said City or Place shall be situate, or within any Distance not exceeding Seven Miles from such City or Place, and within such Limits as aforesaid, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same had been originally issued or subsequently endorsed by a Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place where the same shall be served or executed, any Law, Statute, Charter, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such

Summons

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 97.

Summons and Warrant shall and may be lawfully served or executed within such Limits as aforesaid by the Constable or Special Constable to whom the same shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, that no such Person, by virtue of such Assignment, shall act as a Justice of the Peace at any Court of Gaol Delivery, or General or Quarter Seasons, or in making or levying any County Bate or Bate in the Mature of a County Bate.

6. It shall be lawful for such Magistrate and he is hereby required to appoint One fit and proper Person, being an Attorney-at-Law, in actual Practice as a Clerk, to be removable at his Pleasure, and as often as there shall be a Vacancy in the said Office of Clerk to the Magistrate by Death, Resignation, Removal, or otherwise; and such Clerk shall attend (except when prevented by Illness or some other sufficient Cause, to be allowed by such Magistrate, who shall appoint a temporary Deputy,) at all official Meetings and do all such Work and transact all such Business as is usually done and transacted by Justices Clerks; and he and his Successors shall be paid Such yearly Salary as the Local Board shall appoint, subject to an Appeal to the Secretary of State, who is hereby empowered finally to determine the Amount of the said Salary, for his Time, Trouble, Attendance, and Expenses in the Execution of his said Office, by the Local Board, in Four quarterly Payments, as hereinbefore directed with reference to the Payment of the Salary of the said Magistrate; but he shall not be concerned, either by himself or Partner, in any Matter before the said Magistrate, or arising out of or consequent thereupon in any other Court, on Pain of Dismissal. Such Clerk shall receive and take all such Fees as are authorized to be taken by the Clerks to the Justices acting for the County within which the said City or Plaoe is locally situate: Provided that a Copy of the Table of Fees shall be affixed in the Public Office of every Magistrate appointed under this Act, who may remit any Fees, in part or in whole, for reasonable Cause, and award such Costs as to him shall seem meet to be paid to or by either of the Parties to any Charge or Complaint, whether or not a Warrant or Summons shall have issued.

7. Such Clerk shall pay over all Fees to the Treasurer of the Local Board once every Quarter of a Year, and shall keep Accounts of them in Writing, and shall at the same Time render to the Local Board an Account thereof. All such Fees, together with all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures herein-after referred to, shall be carried by the Treasurer to the Credit of the Local Improvement Rate; provided that it shall be lawful for the Local Board, if it should become necessary so to do, from Time to Time to make a Bate or Assessment not exceeding One Penny in the Pound in any One Year upon all Property rateable to the Improvement Bate within such City or Place for the Purpose of raising as much Money as, together with the said Fees, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be sufficient to pay the Salaries of the Magistrate and his Clerk, the Bent and all other Expenses of the Offices, and of Law or other Books, Printing, and Stationery, and of all other Charges and Expenses connected with or incidental to the Duties of the Magistrate or his Clerk, such Rate or Assessment to be made, levied, and enforced either with and as Part of such Improvement Bate or to be separately assessed, levied, and enforced, and with the same Powers and in the same Manner as the Improvement Bate. All Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by such Magistrate, save and except those made payable to the Informer who shall sue for the same, or any Party aggrieved, and those recoverable under any Act relating to the Customs, Excise, or Post Office, or to Trade or Navigation, or any Branch of Her Majesty's Be venue, shall be recovered for and adjudged to be paid to the said Treasurer of the said Local Board, and shall be by him carried to the Credit of the Improvement Rate, and be applied as Part thereof: Provided that, if under any Local Watch Act such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall have been already appropriated, the same shall be applied as directed by such Local Act, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

439

but such Justice not to sit in Courts of Gaol Delivery.

Power to Magistrate to appoint a Clerk, being an Attorney-at-Law,

Clerk disqualified from acting as Attorney in certain Case6. As to Fees to be taken.

Power to remit Fees and award Costs.

Clerk to pay over Fees to Treasurer.

Fees received to form One general Fund. Power to Local Board to make Rates for Payment of Magistrate, &c.

Application of Fines and Penalties.

As to Penalties appropriated under Local Acts.

2r^37tir<i)(rna)'Riffi, J%.m

14 & 15 Vict. c. 38.

Provisional Orders confirmed.

C A; P. XCVI.IL, ..

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act-«f tkfe Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements fdr fthe Relief of Turnpike Trusts. — f28th July 1863.]

hirty-ejgj ^, make certain Principal

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of H^r ^jesty* Chapter

. to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, apd to.

Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," herein-after Referred to-as the Act, Power is given to One of Her Majesty's Principal, Secretaries of State to make ' Provisional Orders for reducing the Rate of Interest and for extinguishing the Arrears of c Interest on Mortgage Debts charged or seoured en the Revteues of Ttiritpike Roads, in

Cases where such Revenues are insufficient for the Payment n full of the Interest charged ' thereon: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the* Twenty-fourtharid Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fdrty-six/the Principal Act is ' extended to Turnpike Roads the Acts relating to which are continued by any Annual ' Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, although their Revenues are not insufficient for such Payments as aforesaid: And whereas, in pursuance of the Principal Act, ancj the said Act extending the .same, the several Provisional Orders referred to in the Schedule hereto

have been made by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department,

and there are stated in the said Schedule the Dates of such Orders* and' such Particulars ' relating thereto as are therein specified: And rwhereas it \9 expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be confirmed and madeabsolutb:' Bk it therefore fenacted by the Queen'4 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adviid and Cdns^nt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assenlbl^d, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: . I, ' . o v ' *

1. The several Provisional Orders, the Dates of winch are set forth in the First Column of the said Schedule, are hereby confirmed, and the PrOviriods thereof shall be of the like Force and Effect as if they had been expressly enacted l^y Parliament. {

Yy I

o I:

SCHEDULE.

Dale of Provisional uraef ' TITLE OF LOCAL ACT referred to in Provisional Order. Amount i of Principal i[Debt. — r> > .*r» Interest to be reduced to the following Pates per Anntnm --Hr .tjO t-S Dates from which reduced Kate of Interest o to commence.

1862. 11 July 3 Win. 4. c. 92.," An Act for more effec- £ s. d. 5, 330 0 0 4/. per Cent. 11 July 1862.

" tually repairing flic Rondb leading JftA010ffC f »l t)A A ff n L f.*| (Certain

mT. y <T A'l IM " from Swindon to the Centre of Chris- l .p ' a Arrears

(Irodaillg bjtian Malford Bridge, from Caine to ib iii xifjul extinguished.)

30 July " Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane near ":Lydiard Marsh to Cricklade, in the " County of Wilts." 9 Geo. 4. c. 49.," An Act for more effec- 8, 850 0 0 Jo 11>! I"H5ci 3/. 10s. per Cent. 25 Mar. 1862.

" tually repairing, widening, and improving the Roads from Gosport," through Fareham and Wickham, to " Bishop's WnltJiam, and from Wickham " aforesaid td Chawton Pond in the " Parish of Chawton, all in the Coujity " of Southampton.", >1 I of m in'd o umobl i uV 7/ 1 | .P>0 8$ I C* z o\

26° & 271VICTORI2K, c. 98.

Date of

jWrishmal Order,

p — 1862. 20 Aug.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT referred to in Provisional Order.

Amount of

Principal

Debt

Interest to be reduced to t&e following Bates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Bate of Interest to commence.

8 Sept.

24 Oct.

24 Oet.

S, h i:

IV.- -II,

»oj <r

27 0<*.

4 Geo. 4. c. 27.," An Act for amending " the Road from Offington Corner in the " Parishes of Broadwater and West H Tarring, or One of them, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington " HilliRoek, and Ashington Common,

" to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep " Castle, to the Steyning Turnpike " Road at West Grinsted Park in the " said County, and for making a new " Branch of Road to communicate therewith."

1 fc2Wm. 4. c. 40., "An Act for im-"proving and maintaining the Road " from the South Side of a Bridge " over the River Colne, called Engine " Bridge, in the Township of Hudders- field, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead in the County " Palatine of Chester, and from thence " to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterck>ugh Bridge, on the M " Confines of the County of Derby."

1 & 2 Wm. 4. c. 43., "An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of " Wisbech in the Isle of "Ely^ In the " County of Cambridge to the Town of " Thorney in the same Isle and County."

7 Gcor4. c.S2.," An" Actrfbr more effec-, M tually repairing and improvkig seve-.i " ral Roads leading to and from the Towns of Newton! Bushell, South Bo-vey, and Moretonhampstead, in the

____ County- of Devon, ''-amended by the

6; Wm. 4. c. 84.

1 Wm. 4. c. 33.," An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stop- ham Bridge in the Parish of Pul- j borough to the Direction Post in the "[Parish of Steyning, on the Turnpike "! Road leading from Steyning to Hor- | sham, in the County of Sussex."

28 Oct. 1 Win. 4. c. 70.," An Act for more effec- jtually repairing and improving the " [Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the " j County of Kent to fthe Cross Ways at " or near Maresfieldi Street, and fropi " Florence Fann to forest Row in the " County of Sussex "

26 & 27 VICT. 3 K

£ s. d.

1, 662 10 0

4, 371 13 10

3L 10#. per Cent.

5, 900 0 0

4, 750 0 0 > (Part of Debt)

3, 587 10 .0

800

1, 500

3/, per Cent.

3! fcec.

1861.

1 June 1862.

3/. 10#. per Cent.

4L per Cent.

31, 10s. per. Cent.

30 Nov. 1862.

29Sept.l8p£

V.

f 1 Jari. 1862. (Arrears extinguished.)

31 per Cent.

31 Jit:

ay 1863.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 98

Date of, Provisional Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT referred to in Provisional Order.

Avaunt

of

Principal

Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the following Bates per Annum.

Dates from which retaced Bate at Interest to comm woe.

1862. 12 Nov.

12 Nov.

13 Nov.

21 Nov.

27 Nov.

28 Nov.

5 Dec.

5' Dec.

10 Geo. 4. c. 115., "An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane in the Town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the County of Stafford to the Road leading from Woore to Chester, near Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned."

2 Wm. 4. c. 30.," An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Odiham in the County of Southampton to Farnham in the County of Surrey."

1 Wm. 4. c. 13., "An Act for more " effectually repairing the Road from the "Rotherham and Mansfield Turnpike " Road, at or near Clown in the County "of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham " Turnpike Road at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham."

I Wm. 4. c. 32.," An Act for more effec-"tually repairing and improving the "Road from the City of Norwich to " Nqrth Walsham in the County of " Norfolk."

59 Geo. 3. c. 12., "An Act for continuing " and amending Three Acts of His late " and present Majesty, for repairing the " Road from Kighley to Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York."

1 Wm. 4. c. 61., "An Act for maintaining " and improving the Road from Titchfield " to Cosham in the County of Southampton."

59 Geo. 3. c. 121., "An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and Usk Districts of Road, and for granting other Power* in lieu thereof and " for making a new Branch of Road from the said Usk District," so far as the same relates to the said "Usk District"

1 Wm. 4. c. 66., "An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and;" near the Town of Bruton, and other " Roads, in the Counties of Somerset," and Wilts, and for making and maintaining Two other Roads communL 1 " eating therewith "

£ 8. d.

3, 137 0 0

4I. per Cent.

1, 590 0 0

7, 810 18 9

3/. per Cent.

One Penny per Cent.

2, 500 0 0

81. 10s. per Cent.

4, 108 15 8 41. per Cent.

11, 800 0 0

X 400

r 2, 110

5, 850 0 >2, 550 0 1, 550 0

21. 10s. per Cent,

31 Dec. 1861. (Certain Arrears extinguished.)

1 Jan. 1862.

(Arrears

extinguished.)

31 Dec. 1861.

(Arrears

extinguished.)

29 Mar. 1863.

5 April 1862.

25 Sept. 1862.

(Arrears

extinguished.)

3/. 10s. per Cent.

8/. 10s. per Cent. SI. 3s. per Cent. 21. 16s. per Cent.

25 Mar. 1862.

31 Dec. 1862.

Dots rf

Proririoaal Offer *

TITItE OF L6CAL ACT I to in Pnmiional Offer.

Amount of Principal Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the following Ratal per Annum.

Bites from which reduced Rate of Interest

to commence.

1862. 8 Dec.

16 Dec.

1863. 19 Jon,

26 Jan.

17 Feb.

1 & 2 Wm. 4. c. 23.," An Act for coftso- Mating the Traits of certain Roads " called the Bream^sh and Wooler Turnpike Roads, in the County of North- umberland, and for more effectually " improving and maintaining the same "

5 Geo. 4. c. 14.," An Act for more elfec- tually repairing and improving so " much of the Road from Keswick in the County of Cumberland, by Dun* " mail Raise and Ambleside, to Kirkby " in Kendal in the County of Westmor- land, as is situate in the said County of Westmorland j and also the Road " from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirkby " in Kendal aforesaid, to the Lake " called Windermere, in the County of " Westmorland."

1 Wm. 4. c. 40.," An Act for making and " maintaining a Turnpike Road from " the City of Coventry to Stoney Stanton in the County of Leicester, to " unite with the present Turnpike Road " there leading through Narborough to " the Borough of Leicester "

11 Geo. 4. c. 104., "An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from " Hand Cross, through Cowfold, to " Comer House, and from thence to the " Turnpike Road from Horsham to u Steyning, and from Corner House a aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town u of Henfield, and certain Branches i " therefrom, all in the County of u Sussex."

Wm. 4. c* 12., "An Act for repairing " the Road from Measham in the County of Derby to Fieldon Bridge in the " County of Warwick, and other Roads " communicating therewith, in the " Counties of Derby, Leicester, and " Warwick," united with the Wm. 4. c. 14.," A11 Act for repairing u the Watling Street Road, the Man- cester and Wolvey Heath Road, and " other Roads communicating therewith | " in the Counties!of Leicester and War-! u wick" I - (

3

£ d.

>JS8 2 2 } M-p.rCe.1

1, 794 10 0

1, 750 0 0 (Noil-preferential Debt)

2, a

0 0

V 1, 809 0 0

4/. per Cent.

}One Fenny per Cent.

II. per Cent.

31 Aug. 1860.

31 Dec. 1862.

31 J)ee* 1862. (Arrears extin-t guished.)

31 Dec. 1861.

4/. per Cent.

1 Jau. 1863.

Date of Provisional Order. TITLE OF LOCAL ACT referred to in Provisional Order* Amount of Principal Debt Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Apnum.

1863. 17 Mar. 5 Geo. 4. c. 145.," An Act for repairing " the Roads leading out of the Turnpike " Road between Poole and Wimborne " Minster into the Turnpike Road " between Blandford-Forum and Dor- Chester; and for repairing and improving the Roads from Durweston " Bridge to Caundle Bishop, from Bag- her Common to Holton Street, and " from North Cheriton to Lattiford, all in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset," amended by the 1 & 2 Wm. 4. c. 30. -, £ 8. d. 6, 150 0 0 4/. per Cent.

1 April 1 Geo. 4. c. 45., u An Act for more effec-u tnally repairing and improving the " Road from the Town of Pool in the County of Montgomery, through Os- westry in the County of Salop, to " Wrexham in the County of Denbigh," and several other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties and in the " County of Merioneth; and for making " several new Branches of Roads to " communicate with the said Roads in the Counties of Salop, Montgomery," and Denbigh," so far as the same relates to the Oswestry Roads 2, 985 4 6 1, 445 0 0 | 4/. per Cent.

2 June 1 & 2 Wm. 4. c. 13.," An Act for making " a Turnpike Rioad (with a Branch " therefrom) from the Angel Inn, near 4' Darlington, in the County of Durham," to Barton Lane End in the County of York" 6, 233 4 0 6, 276 10 0 (subsdribed Debt) J 3/. per Cent. 1 One Penny, per J Cent.

30 June 7 Geo. 4. c. 79., w An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Ash- borne in the County of Derby to Leek " in the County of Stafford, and from. 44 Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common " to Congleton in the Cotfnfly of Ches ter," amended by the 10 Geo. 4. c. 29. and the 7 Wm. 4. c* 45* 1, 603 -9 11 J 4F. per Cent.

Dates from which reduced Hate of Interest to commence.

* v

31 Dec. 1862.

30 June 1862.

, i

31 Dec. 1862. '31Dec. 1862 J (Arrears

Cxtin- . guish^d.)

29 Sept. 1863 .:

26>, &.-27.r 'VUOTOJlIiEJ <c

44&-1-

>:iv i '.M Vi

I CAP; XCIX. v, - ?:

An Act' to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year^One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[28th July 1863.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most diitiful and loyal Subjects^/ the Commons of the United Kingdom j of Great Britain! and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session or Parliament^ihave resolved to\grant nnto Yxw Majesty the Sums herein-clfter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in, this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:;

1. There shall and may be issujed and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty three, the Sum if Nine million eight hundred nipety thousand six hundred and forty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Fivepence out of the Consolidated i Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Iceland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being^ are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issif and apply the same accordingly .;

2* It shall bej lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time

to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or dfreci any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made! out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Eicheque* at Westttriiteter for any Sum or Sums ofj Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nih6-jriilliop eight hundred ninety thousandj six hundred and! forty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings, and Fivepence, and manner re_ such Exchequer; Bills shall be made out in the s&me or like Manner, Form, and Order, anq SwXIdby6 according to the same or like Bulks and Directions, as urc djr^cted. and: prescribed; ip afl fs Pv ^c. l., Act paisedln thie Forty-eighth Yealr of the Reign of Majesty Kin George the Third; *55 Chapter One, and in another Act passed in Session, of Parliament holdenin the Fourtb 5 & 6 Vict.

and Fifth Yeays of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter c. 66. Fiftceh, and inj another Act passed in the Session of Parlitmeint holden in the Fifth anq Sixth1 Years or the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and ejeery the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers,) Privileges/ Advantages, Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the sai$ Act shall be applied and attended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of-tint Act, aS mlly and' effectually, to alj Intents, apdI^uijposQ8, ap if p^rticul^lyrrepeAted and rfe-Cttttofed infhfe' Act. ' 1

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance <]f this Act shall and may bear ah

Interest not exceeding the Rate ^f Threepence Hallpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Mopies respectively contained thereih. 7

fc-4t ebaHr-art& may be lawful1 for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding m whole the Sum of Nine million eight hundred ninety thousand six hundred and forty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Five-pence; anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It

There shall he applied for the Sendee of the Year 1863 the Sum of

9, 890, 644/. 16s. 5 d. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 9, 890, 644/. 16s. StL of Exchequer Bills to be made out in

The1 CUtises, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

BanlTof England may advance 9, 890, 644/. 16s. 5 d. on the Credit of this Act notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think Decessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

9. There shall and may be issued and applied for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the Sum of Four hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Sevenpence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

10. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passea in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the " Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-threeand also the Sum of Twenty Millions granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the Sum ct of Twenty Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One

20 oooo oooo/ % " thousand eight hundred and sixty-threeand also the respective Sums of Nine million 9, 890, 644/. 165. hundred ninety thousand six hundred and forty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and

Fivepence, and Four hundred sixty-seven thousand four hundred and sixty-seven Pounds 467, 467/. 3«. id. Three Shillings and Sevenpence by this Act granted, amounting in the aggregate to the 40 358112/" um -^orty m^hon three hundred fifty-eight thousand one hundred and twelve Pounds, 4°' ' — shall be further appropriated and are hereby appropriated and shall be issued and applied

for or towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

There shall 11. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and 10 7*36 032/ for aPP^e^ aay Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten million seven hundred thirty-six Navy Ser- thousand and thirty-two Pounds for or towards the Navy Services herein-after more par-vices; viz .: ticularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two

2, 921, 951/. for million nine hundred twenty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-one Pounds, to defray the 76 mo Seamen Charge of Wages to Seventy-six thousand Seamen and Marines, which will come in oourse and Marines j of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight 1, 416, 986/.for hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four Victuals and hundred sixteen thousand nine hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Change of the Navyf* Victuals and Clothing to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment

during

Treasury may apply, for the Service of the Year 1863, 467, 467/. 3«.

7 d. Surplus of Ways and Means.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

26 Vict. c. 6. 10,000,000l. 26 Vict c. 15.

447

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-five 165, 322* for thousand three hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and ^Admiralty the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment office; during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred ninety-nine 299, 695/.for thousand six hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, and Royal Naval NaviUCoast Reserve, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Volunteers, and Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Naval Reserve; Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one Pounds, to defray Na^cientific the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Depart- Departments; ments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or 183, 316/.for Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her home-6*1 Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand three hundred and 36, 370/. for seventy Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the abroad!* Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million one hundred twelve thousand 1, 112, 878/. for right hundred and seventy-right Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers,

Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which home

will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 69, 957/. for

Sixty-nine thousand nine hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages Yrtific^ &c

to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad; '

abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money i, 334, 05iZ. for

not exceeding One million three hundred thirty-four thousand and fifty-one Pounds, to Naval Stores;

defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 857, 349/. for

exceeding Eight hundred fifty-seven thousand three hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to M*'c

defray the Expense of Steam Machinery for Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and for nery' c' *

Payments to be made for Ships and Vessels building or to be built by Contract, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 433, 298* for

Four hundred thirty-three thousand two hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to defray the

Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will bbshnlents

come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 66,000* for

Sixty-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which Medicine*> &0>

will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 99, 370* for

exceeding Ninety-nine thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge of

divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year services;

ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and 719, 341* for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred nineteen thousand three hundred Naval Half

and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retire- Pay> &c,;

ment to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment

during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred eighty-three 48s, io6* for

thousand one hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Military Pen-

Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- slpl*5

first

448

194, 932/. for Civil Pensions;

270, 150/. for Freight of Ships, victualling and Conveyance of Troops, &c.

There shall be issued 15, 060, 237/. for Army Services, viz.

5, 709, 733/. for Pay, &c. of Land Forces, exclusive of India;

1, 223, 936/. for Commissariat Establishment, &c .;

630, 385/. for Clothing Establishments;

635, 637/. for Barrack Establishment;

46, 097/. for Divine Service;

43, 012/. for Martial Law;

255, 993/. for MedicalEsta-blishment;

751, 084/. for Disembodied Militia;

94, 162/. for Yeomanry;

321, 884/. for Volunteers;

55, 847/. for Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Corps;

956, 365/. for Manufacturing Departments;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety-four thousand nine hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred seventy thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

12. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen million sixty thousand two hundred and thirty^seven Pounds, for or towards the Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five million seven hundred nine thousand seven hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the General Staff, and Regimental Pay, Allowances, and Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred twenty-three thousand nine hundred and thirty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Establishment, Services and Movement of Troops, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Clothing Establishments, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thirty- five thousand six hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Barrack Establishment, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand and ninety-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Divine Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-three thousand and twelve Pounds, to defray the Charge for Martial Law, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred fifty-five thousand nine hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Medical Establishment, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred fifty-one thousand and eighty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-four thousand one hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Yeomanry, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred twenty-one thousand eight hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Volunteers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-five thousand eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Forces, which will come in course of Payment; during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any bum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred fifty-six thousand three hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Manufacturing Departments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 449

ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred thirty-eight 838, 369/. for thousand three hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge for Warlike Stores, Warlike Stores; which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 8io, 94i/. for Money not exceeding Eight hundred ten thousand nine hundred and forty-one Pounds, to at

defray the Charge of the Superintending Establishment of, and Expenditure for. Works, abroad; Buildings, and Repairs, at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-two 172, 201/. for thousand two hundred and one Pounds, to defray the Charge for Military Education, which Military Edu-will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March 011110115 One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 85, 441/. for exceeding Eighty-five thousand four hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge x^o^phkal of the Surveys of the United Kingdom and Topographical Department, which will come in Department; course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 88, 135L for Eighty-eight thousand one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of Miscel- ^1"?1^neous laneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 1

Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any 213, 177L for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thirteen thousand one hundred and ^injtration seventy-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Administration of the Army, which will ° e ^; come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 25, 933L for exceeding Twenty-five thousand nine hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray the for

Charge of Rewards for Military Service, which will come in course of Payment during the service;

Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand seven 77, 782/. for Ge-hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of General Officers, neral Officers» which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 464, 895/, for Money not exceeding Four hundred sixty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-five ^dand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which will come officers; in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 172, 157/. for exceeding One hundred seventy-two thousand one hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to widoiro'and defray the Charge of Widows Pensions and Compassionate Allowances, which will come in Compassionate course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand List; eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 32, 843/. for Thirty-two thousand eight hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the ^wounded0 Pensions and Allowances to wounded Officers, which will come in course of Payment during Officers; the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand seven 33, 776/. for In-hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, ^cheise^and and the In-Pension thereof, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending Kilmainham on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred *and sixty-four inclusive; Hospitals-, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million one hundred forty-two thousand 1, 142, 7021 for seven hundred and two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea ^UQ^i^10ner8 Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- Hospital; first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or 144, 964/. for Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-four thousand nine hundred and sixty- Superannuation four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Superannuation Allowances, &c., which will come ^owancCS in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 32, 786/. for Thirty-two thousand seven hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Non-effective Services of the Disembodied Militia, which will come in course of Payment Disembodied ° 26 & 27 VICT. 3 L during Militia.

There shall be issued 85, 925/. for Grant on account of Expedition to Kertch and Yenikale in 1855.

There shall be issued 1,000,000l. for Exchequer Bonds.

There shall be issued 754, 154/. for Customs Department;

1, 351, 771/. for Inland Revenue Department;

2, 098, 920/: for Post Office,

&c.j

515, 796/. for Superannuation &c., Customs, InlandRerenue, and Post Office.

950,000l. for Post Office Packet Service.

Omi Service8. Class 1.

There shall be issued 45, 243/. for Repair of Royal Palaces;

117, 751/. for Maintenance, &c. of Public Buildings, tem *

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive.

13* Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-five thousand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to enable Her Majesty to make a Grant to the Naval and Land Forces employed in the Expedition to Kertch and Yenikale in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, on account of the Value of the Stores captured.

14. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may bd issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds payable on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

15. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred fifty-four thousand one hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred and fifty-one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million ninety-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charges for Post Office Services, and the Collection of the Revenue, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred fifteen thousand seven hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to defray the Charge for Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other non-effective Charges in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Post Office Packet Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, which Sum includes Provision for Payments to Mr. Joseph George Churchward for the Conveyance of Mails between Dover and Calais and Dover and Ostend from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, but no Part of which Sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any Payment in respect of the Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three* to the said Mr. Joseph George Churchward, or to any Person claiming through or under him by virtue of a certain Contract, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the First Part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the Second Part, or in or towards the Satisfaction of any Claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that Contract, so far as relates to any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

Civil Services^ C7o*# 1.

16. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand two hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and seventeen thousand seven hundred and fifty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the

Thirty-

26" & 27'VICTORIA c. 99.

Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Maintenance and Repair of Public Buildings, for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same, for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Public Departments, and Charges attendant thereon; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Supply and Repair of Furniture in the various Public Departments; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal Parks, Pleasure Grounds, &c., and other Charges connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-six thousand four hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which wdl come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Works and Expenses at the New Houses of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Founds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Maintenance and Repairs of Embassy Houses, &c. abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and forty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will cdme in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Maintenance and Repairs of the Consular Offices, Hospital, Surgeon's House, and Prison at Constantinople; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for erecting a new Office for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand six hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Erection of the Industrial Museum in Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for enlarging, repairing, and altering the King's College and Marischal College, Aberdeen University; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in coarse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Expenses connected with the Probate Court Registries; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred and twenty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Expenses connected with Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in coarse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty'four, for enlarging the Public Record Repository, and providing the necessary Fittings; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for providing Premises in Doctors Commons for the Principal Registry of the Court of Probate; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, on account of the Site of the new Foreign Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Formation of the Approaches to the new Bridge at Westminster; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand three himdred and fifty-seven Pounds, to

451

porary Accommodation, &c .;

18, 879£ for Furniture for Public Departments;

97, 952/. for Maintenance, &c. of Royal Parks, Pleasure Grounds, '&c.

46, 444/. for New Houses of Parliament;

4, 929/. for Embassy Houses, &c., abroad j

748/. for new Consular Offices, &c. at Constantinople;

40,000/1 for new Foreign Office;

8, 674/. for Industrial Museum at Edinburgh; 1, 459/. for King's and Marischal Colleges, Aberdeen University; 22,000l. for Probate Court Registries;

3, 727/. for General Register House, Edinburgh;

20,000l. for Public Record Repository;

1, 806/. for Principal Registry of the Court of Probate;

1, 500/. for Site of new Foreign Office;

12,000l. for the Approaches to new Bridge at Westminster;

19, 357/i for new Bridge at Westminster;

9S3/, for National t Gallery, &c., Dublin;

185,000l. for Harbours'of Refuge.

68, 339/. for New Packet Harbour and Harbour of of Refuge at Holyhead, &c.

114, 618/. for erecting, &c. Public Buildings, &c. Ireland; v

10,000l. for new Record Build ings, Pour Courts, Dublin; 800/. for Monument to Sir ^ohn Franklin;

6,000l. fbrthe NelsonColumn, Trafalgar Square;

31, 914/. for erecting, &c. Lighthouses abroad 9 6,000l. forim-proting Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland;

27^0W.for Contributions ia-aid of Pbor Relief Assessments;

67,000l. for Purchase of Land and Buildings from Commissioners of Exhibition of 1851 .;

.26? &, 27? VICTORIA. o; 99.

defray the Charge which will come in coufse of Payment daring the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day, of March One thousand eight- hundred and sixty-four, for Expenses connected with the; new Bridge at Westminster* and any Site or Sums of Money/not exceeding Nine hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which, will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty *firsfb Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for completing the building of a National Gallery for Paintings, Sculpture* and tho Fine Arts, and for the Reception of Arehbiahop Marsh's Public Library, in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not t exceeding One hundred and sixty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Match One; thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for constructing certain Harboura rof^Refuge; i and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand three hundred and thirty-nine bounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Works and Expenses at the new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, for Portpatrick Harbour, and for Works at Spurn Point; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fourteen thousand six hundred and eighteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending/on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight; hundred and sixty-four* for erecting* repairing, and maintaining th* several Public Buildings in the Department of. the? Commissionera-of Public Works in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to defraythe Charge which will come in cpume of Payment during, the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight, hundred and > sixty-four* for the Construction of new Record Buddings at the Pour Courts, Dublin; and , any Sum or Sums Df Money not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for completing the Monument to Sir John Franklin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in coarse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for completing the Stylobate, &c. of the Nelson Column in Trafalgar Square; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand, tune hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, Six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge* which; will oonrd in epume of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirtyforst Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixtyfomr* for One Half of the Expense of erecting, and improving Court Houses pr Offices for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland ,; and any Sum or Sums of Money not pxqeeding Twentyrseveii thousand Pounds, tp defray, the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending, on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Contributions in aid of local Assesaments for the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Descriptions of Government Property; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Purchase of Land and certain Buildings froift Her Majesty's Commissioners for the, Exhibition of One thousand eight hundred and fifty-OHP-, , , -; , , - :, - .* j, - .,

CmLSBBTICBa. Close %

There shall be issued 74, 986/. for Salaries, &c. of Houses of Parliament; ,

51, *730?. W the Treasury 9

* ii...i i '* 'Gfrui Sbbyices. — ^C'/ows O.

i . ', , t -i . ., r, { ., , -; 1

f 17. Outpf all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shell and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money npt exceeding Seventy-four thousand nine hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will qome in course of Payment during the Year ending on. the Thirty-first Day of Marph One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices, of the Tyw Houses of, Parliament *, and Allowances to retired Queers; and any :§um. pir, Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-one thousand seven hundred and thiftjr Pounds, to. defray the Charge ^by^h will (CPmfl hfc course i ' ' " ..... of

453

26? &!2P« VICTORIA; c. 86.

of Payment during the Yeas* ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and* sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury 5 and toy Sum or Sunte'of Money not exceeding TwentV-six thousand 26, 263/. for the two hundred and feikty-Lthree Pouhds; to defray the Charge which will cofao in course of HomeDepart-1 Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight mcn hundred and sixty-four^ for the-Salaries and Expanses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the HoiWe Department; and any Sum or'Sums of Money not exceeding 72, 325/. for Seventy-^twO thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will oome in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March p m<m 1 One thousand eight hundred and eixty-ftnM for the Salaries and Expenses/in the Department of Her Majesty^ Secretary 1 Of^State'for Foreign Affinrs; and any Sum or Sums 31, 047/. for the of Money not exceeding Thirty-one''thousand and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the of

Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies; and any 20, 637/. for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand six hundred and thirty-seven priv-v Council* Pounds, to defray the Charge Which will come in course of Payment daring the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council $ and any StimJ ot Sum# of Money* not exceeding Sixty-two thousand one hundred 62, 181/. for and eighty-one Pounds, t6 defray the Charge which Will come in course of Payment during the Year ending oti' the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand1 eight hundred and sixty- for 'lradc^c.j fout, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, inchiding the Office^of the Registrar of Merchant'Seanlett, the Joint Stock Companies Registration Office, and the Designs ' Office j and toy Sum or Sums of Money 2, 994/. for not exceeding Two thousand nine hundred and ninety-four Pounds to defray the Charge which will come in" course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salary of the Lord Privy Seid, and the Salaries and Expenses of his Establishment; and any Sum or Sums of 8, 741/. for Money not exceeding eight thousand seven hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Mariih One thousand eight hundred and 'sixty-four, for conducting the Business of the Qm! Service Commission; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen 19, 640/. for thousand six hundred and forty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Department; hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, including the Branch Pay Office in DuMin; and any Sum or Sums of 4, 923/. for Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray c^G^of the Charge which will7 come id course of Payment during the Year ending bn the Thirty^ E^choquer; ° first Day of Mhrch One> thousand eight* hundred and sixty-four, for1 the Salaries tod Exptoses in the DepafrtWrent of the Comptroller General Of the Exchequer; and any Sum or 30, 857/. for Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to ^skmcra ^0?- defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Works, &c .; Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand eight hundred and 26, 839/. for thirty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and any 20, 235/. for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand two hundred and thirty-five PnWic Record 1 Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during' the! Year an^stS^Paper ending on the Thirty-first Day of"March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Office; the Sdltoies tod Expenses of the Department of Pliblic Records, including the State Paper Office; and toy11 fettiri Or1 Sumsbf MbrieV not exceeding *£wo hundred twenty-seven 227, 424/. for thduStoc! 'foiiri hundred and twenty-four Pduiids, to defray thb Charge which will come in 1 course of Priyment<during fc^e'Yeat toding Ch^the Tkirty-first Day of Mjtfch One thousand °°r *ws eight* htodral 'ahd -sixty-fou ^, for Expenses connected with* the Administration of the

Laws

52, 901/. for the Mint;

26, 610/. for Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Factories, &e .; 6, 316/. for Civil Charges, &c., Scotland;

6, 445/. for Officers, &c.of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;

16, 580/. for Chief Secretary, &c. Ireland;

3, 752/. for Inspection, &c. of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland;

24, 314/. for Board of Public Works, Ireland;

34, 060/. for Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts;

19, 351/, for Copyhold, &c. Commission;

13, 090/. for Imprest Expenses, &c. of Copyhold, &c. Commission; 48, 511 L for General Register Office, London, Dublin, and Edinburgh;

14, 982/. for Salaries, &c., National Debt Office;

3, 910/. for Public Works Loan Commissioners, &c.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Laws relating to the Poor; and any Sum or Sums of Money uot exceeding Fifty-two thousand nine hundred and one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, of the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses of the Coinage; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand six hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand three hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Department of the Queens and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Charges, formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries for the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, including the temporary Allowances for the Architect and Secretary of the Board of Control of Lunatic Asylums; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand three hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Public Works in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four thousand and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand three hundred and fifty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand and ninety Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Imprest Expenses of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-eight thousand five hundred and eleven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars General of Births, &c. in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand nine hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand one hundred and eleven

Pounds,

36° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 99.

Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for certain Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand two hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London under the Local Government Act, and the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for collecting Agricultural and Emigration Statistics in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand one hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments in London, and of the Landed Estates Record Office in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and ninety-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements; and any Sum of Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred forty-four thousand one hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in oourse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-fouf, for Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, and for Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty thousand and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments.

455

7, 1 III for Lunacy Cotnmia* sion, England and Scotland; 1, 223/. for Superintendent of County Roads, South Wales;

2, 374/. for Registrars of Friendly Societies* &e .;

18, 243/. for Charity Commission;

G, 495/. for Salaries, &c. of Office under the Local Government Act, &c .;

3, 342/. for Agricultural and Emigration Statistics (I.); 2, 193/. for Salaries in Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, London, &c .;

2, 098/. for Quarantine Expenses;

32,000l. for Foreign and other Secret Services;

344, 139/. for Stationery, &c. for Public Departments;

120, 025/. for Postage of Letters on the Public Service.

Cmt Services.

Civil Services. — Class 3. cfa* 3.

IS. Out of aU of aiiy the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shall be applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand six hundred and jja^4, 61° ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year Charges and ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Law Charges, and for the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Office of Treasmy, &c .; the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to i90, 808/.Vor Coin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety thousand Prosecutions at eight hundred and eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will comd in course of Assizes and

Payment

Quarter Sessions, ^; j

228, 050/. for Police in Counties and Boroughs, &c.}

3, 178/. for Crown Office, Queen's Bench;

11, 510/. for Registrar, &c.of the Admiralty, and Admiralty Court, Dublin; 4, 458/. for Insolvent Debtors Court;

83, 530/. for Court of Probate, &c .;

166, 010/. for County Court*;

8, 331/. for Office of Land Registry;

25, 725/. for Police Courts of the Metropolis;

143, 519/. for Metropolitan Police;

17, 850/. for Revising Barristers, England and Wales;

1, 500/. for Annuities under Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act;

18, 959/. for Compensations; &c. under "The Bankruptcy Act, 1861;"

3, 577/. for Lord Advocate and Solicitor Gen., Scotland;

18, 090/. for Salaries, Court

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Payment during the Year ending on tb Tlurty-firat Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, fdrtPrAlecntions lit A'sazes fend Quarter 'Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Adjudications under the Criminal Justice Act, Sheriffs Expenses, Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assizes and other Officers, and for Compensation to Clerks of the Peace under the same Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-eight thousand and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge r which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Police in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to, defray the Charge which will ootne in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Crown Office, Queep's Bench; and any Sum or Sums of Motley not exceeding Eleven thousand, five hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and rixty-fpur, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrar and Marshal :of the High Court of Admiralty, and for the Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, tp defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year endrng pn the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Claries and Expenses of the First Commissioner of the late Insolvent Debtors Court, and of the Clerks and Officers of the said late Court now acting in the Court of Bankruptcy, and in the Offices connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-tJireo thousand five hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in bourse of Payment; during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight; hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-six thousand and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses connected with the County Courts; and any Soto or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand three hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Registry; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-fife thousand seven hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Police Courts/)f the, MetrofpoliB; and any "Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen Pounds, to defray the C harge which will come in epupe of Payment'during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand T eight hunted and sixty-four, for the Metropolitan Police; and any Sam or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Hundred and sixty-four, for the Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Annuities by way of Compensation falling due under the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Compensations and Retiring Annuities of certain Holders of abolished Offices under "The Bankruptcy Act, 1861 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand fiVe hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in conrse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaried of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General, Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen

thousand

!(>.-, .1.!)i< )T017

O'.i

2«" & 27" VICTORIAE, c. i)!».

thousand and ninety founds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment; during tnh Year ending on ^he Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixtyTour, for (the £3aljaries and Expenses of the Court of Session in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums pi Money not exceeding Eleven thousand an£ eighty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in .course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for, the Salaries apd, Expenses of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending of ^he Thirty-first d ay p f March One thoysand eight hundred <and sixty-four, for Crinrinal Prosecution?, carried pn under the ^uthpritjy of, the Lord Advocate 5 and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding. One, thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the 1 Charge which will come in course of Payment during this Year ending ah the Thirty-first Day of Marcl* One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the legal Branch of the Exchequer in, Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money hot exceeding Thirty-five thousand two hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during tho Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred apd §ixty>four, for Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fisoal not paid by Salaries, for the Expenses, of Criminal Prosecutions, &c, in Sheriff Courts iu Scotland, and for Compensations to Sheriffs Commissary; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceedingJTyenty-two thousand six hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of such, of the Procurators Fiscal jin Scotland, as are no longer paid by Fees; and any Sqm or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand thvee hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course , of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first pay of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of such of the Sheriff Clerks, Scotland, as are not chargeable on the Consolidated'Fund; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand-six hundred ^and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will: come, in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March , Qye thousand: eight hundred and sixty-four, for. the Salary of the Solicitor of the Crpwn, and Expenses in Matters of Tithes, and the; Expenses of the Agent of the Officers of State in maintaining Rights Qf the Crown in Civil Actions, &c. in Scotland; apd any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand one hundred and ninety-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of payment during the Year ending- on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for tbq Salaries and Expenses of the several Offices in Mer Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Mone^ not exceeding Ope thousand three: hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which vqill come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March Onq thousand eight .hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the pominissary Clerk, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and eighty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Accountant in Bankruptcy in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-one thousand one hundred and thirty-four Pounds, tq defray, the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Yqar endiqg on the Thirty-first Day of Kfarch One, thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Charges in, Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand ^six hundred and thirty-five Pounds, (to defiray the Change which will cqme in course of payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thoysend^ eight hundred and sixtyjour, for the Salaries and Expenses of certain Officer^ of the Court of. Chancery in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand three hundred and two, Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come In course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day or March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Ireland, and for the Salaries of the 26 & 27 Vict. 3 M Taxing

457

of Sjcssion, Scotland; ,

11, 081/. for ' Co^jt of Justiciary, Scotland;

4, 500/. for Criminal Prosecutions by I*>rd Advocate;

IjSSb/.'for the legal Branch of the Exchequer in Scotland; 35, 231/. for Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Scotland;

32*605/. for Procurators Hscal in Scot- '

land;

15, 380/. for '

SherigClcrkg;

Scotland;

3*695/. for Expenses in ' Matters of TSthes, &c .;

16*1 DE/. for General Register House, Edinburgh;

1 for Commissary, Clerk, Edinburgh;

1*487/. for Accountant in Bankruptcy, Scotland;

61, 134/. for Criminal Pro* sedition*, :&c., Ireland; , i -

5, 635/. for Court of Chan>

eery, Ireland;

10, 302/. for*: Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, &c., Ireland;

; .1, '

8, 300/. for Salaries of Process Servers, Ireland;

5, 932/. for Registrars to Judges, &c., Ireland;

2, 630/. for Compensations to Seneschals of Manor Courts, Ireland;

2, 782/. for Office for Registration of Judgments, Ireland;

150/. for Fees to Advocates, High Court of Delegates;

6, 403/. for Salaries, &c. of Court of Bankruptcy, &c., Ireland;

10, 330/. for Court of Probate, & c., Ireland;

11, 632/. for Landed Estates Court, Ireland;

1, 150/. for Consolidated Office of Writs, Dublin;

420/. for Revising Barristers, Dublin;

48, 100/. for Salaries of Police Justices, Metropolitan Police, &c., Dublin;

727, 517/. for Constabulary Force, Ireland;

2, 7141 for Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin;

17, 641/. for general Superintendence of Prisons, &c .;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Taxing Officers of the said Courts and their Clerk; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of Process Servers in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand nine hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges and the Salaries and Expenses of the Registrar of Nisi Prius, and of the Clerk of the Court of Errors in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Compensations to Seneschals and other Officers of Manor Courts in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Fees to Advocates appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Judges and Officers, and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, and the Compensations awarded under the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand three hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Court oi Probate in Ireland, and the Expenses of the said Court, and of the District Registries; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand six hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Landed Estates Court, Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Consolidated Office of Writs, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Remuneration to Revising Barristers in the City of Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-eight thousand one hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Police Justices and for the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred twenty-seven thousand five hundred and seventeen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Constabulary Force in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea Prison, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand six hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Inspection and general Superintendence over all the Prisons and certified Reformatories and Industrial Schools in the United Kingdom; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 459

exceeding Three hundred fifty-nine thousand four hundred and fifty-four Pounds, to defray 359, 454/. for the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- cSovSt EaL-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Government Prisons blishments at" and Convict Establishments at home; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two home; hundred sixty-two thousand and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come 262, 0431 for in course of Pay meet during the rear ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, Removal of Reformatory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums, and for the Expenses of the Removal of Convicts; Convicts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand One 37, 133/. for hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course Of ^sportation Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight 0 Convict8; hundred and sixty-four, for the Transportation of Convicts, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of 136, 163/. for Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-six thousand one hundred and sixty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the the Connies" Thirty-first Day 01 March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Convict Establishments in the Colonies.

Civil Services. — Class 4. cmi se&vjcbs.

Class 4.

19. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and -

applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and four thousand and ^ued two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year for Public ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight* hundred and sixty-four, for Education, Public Education in Great Britain; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One Great Britain hundred and twenty-two thousand eight hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the J2Sai?of Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Science and Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the general Management Art, &o .; of the Department of Science and Art, of the Schools throughout the Kingdom in connexion with the Department, and of the Geological Surveys of Great Britain and Ireland, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and five Pounds, to defray 8051 for Se-the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- cretarj, &c. of first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salary of the of Edt^on^* Secretary and the Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland; Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to 5, 500/. for defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the University of Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the University of n 0115 London; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand nine hundred 19, 905/. for and five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Sc^iah Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, mver81ties* for Grants to Scottish Universities; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two 2, 296/. for thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in Qnecn's Uni-course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand versity' an; eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Queen's University in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums 4, 8001 for of Money not exceeding Four thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which Q0*11'1 Col-will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March lege8' *"; One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Queen's Colleges in Ireland; and any 500/. for Royal Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which Irish Academy; will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Royal Irish Academy; and any Sum 500/. for Na-or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will ^allery» come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Establishment and Expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five 2, 500lfor hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in coarse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, i^ired"1* for the Salaries of the Theological Professors and the incidental Expenses of the General Allowances, Assembly's College at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast &c*> Belftst;

306, 016/. for Public Education, Ireland;

16, 0282. for Expenses, Pictures, Set. of the National Gallery;

1, 500/. for Gallery of Portraits of Eminent Persons;

7, 141/. for Magnetic Observations abroad, &c .; 500/. for Royal Geographical Society;

1,000/1 for Experiments by Royal Society;

90, 541/. for Salaries, &e^ at British Museum, including Buildings, &c.

Civil Shevices. Class 5.

14, 6621 for Treasury Chest;

6, 500/. for Expedition to River Niger;

86,000l. for Bounties on Slaves, and Tonnage Bounties, &C .;

10, 950/. for mixed Commissions for suppressing the Slave Trade;

4, 200/. forCitil Establishment, Bermudas;

4, 288/. for Ecclesiastical Establishment of British North America; 1, 438/. for Indian Department, Canada;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c, 99.,

Academical Institution; and any Sum or Sums of Money not fcic^eding Three* hundred and six thousand and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Public Education in Ireland, under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the-Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Formation of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons m British History; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand one hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-fotir, for Magnetic and Meteorological Observations, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Priymefet durhig the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for enabling the Royal Geographical Society to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for enabling the Royal Society to carry on certain Experiments for public Objects; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety thousand five hundred and forty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum Establishment, including the Expense of Buildings, Furniture, Fittings, &c.

Civil Services. — Class 5,

20. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand six hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, on account of the Treasury Chest; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Sixty-four, for the Expedition to the Niger under the Charge of Dr. Baikie; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Bounties on Slaves, and Tonnage Bounties, for Expenses incurred for the Support and Conveyance of captured Negroes, and for other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty*first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, to def ray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March OaC' thousand eight hundred

i c2e°.& m FilCTjORI^:, e-, 99. i:., i461

hundred and risxtyrfour, for the, Indian Department in Canada; and any pum or Sums of 22, 121/. for Bri-Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand one hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to defray Columbia; the Chaqje/which will come ip course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- 1 first Day ofi March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for British Columbia;

, and auiJr Svun or Sums, of Money nQt exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to 2, 500/. for defray , the Change which will come in. course, of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-finst Day of/ March . One thousand, eight hunched and sixty Jour, consequent, upon the P^mptipU iOf, Vancouver's Island from the Hudsons Bay Company by the island, Crown; and apy Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand seven 27, 745/. for r hundred *ud forty-fivp Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment Sdarteiof: during the Yem: ending, on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred, andi sixty-four, for the Salaries of the, Governor Lieutenant Governors, apd others Governors; in thp TVest Ipdie^ and certffin other Colonies; and auy Sum for Sums of , Money not 9,000l. for exceeding Nipe thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which .will cpine in QQUTse Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-fir*t Pay of Maych One thousand eight wwt indies;

. hundred and sbrty-four, for the Salaries and Allowances of the Stipendiary Justices in the i "West India Colonies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand 14, 200/. for two hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge which, will come in course of meDtfwes^h" Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first pay of March One thousand eight coast of Africa; hundred and si^ty-four, for, the Civil Establishments on the Western, Coast of i Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred 5, eo2/. for and two Pounds, to defray, the Charge wfiich will come in course, of Payment during the 81 Helw, ai Yea# ending, on the Thirty-firart Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four,

: for the Island of Saint Helen*; and any Sum or, Sums of Money not exceeding Seven 7001 for > hundred Pounds, to defray, the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the 2^ul.ge ltivcT Yean ending on the Thirtyi-first Day; of March One thousand eight hundred and sixtjrfour, to17 5 for the Orange Riyer Territory (Cape of Gpod Hope); and any Sum or Sums of JVf oney 5,000l. for im-not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of pavement of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Government of hundred and sixty-four, for promoting the Improvement of the Kaffirs, and the Settlement B. Rafft-aria;

- and Government of British Kaffraria; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine osoz. for hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in oourae of Payment Heligoland;

during th&YeSr-ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight, hundred and i sixty-four, for Heligoland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand 4, 286/. for > two hundred and Sghty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in, course of

i. Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight

-, ih«idred; *nd; sixty-four, for the Falkland! Islands; and any Sum or Sums of Moony not 6, 85oz. for - - exceeding Sitf.thouetmd eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to defrafy the Charge which wdll Labuan;

come in>coj»lrse of Payment during the Year ending- on the Thirty-first Day of March One {/thousand eight hundred and eixtyrfour, for Labuan; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 3oo?. for; , nxi^eding:Thine hundred Pounds to defray the Charge which will come in course of) Pay- ^88. t t menfc during, the Year ending on the ThirtyTfirst Day of Mtereh One thousand, eight hundred 8 an ers ' and . sixty Jour, for the PiteairaV Wanders in Norfolk Wand; /and: any, Sum w Sums of, .26*622/, for Re-Moaey not exceeding-Twenty-six thousand sixihundred, and twenty-two Pounds, tqdefray ^ce8ofrom the Charge which wall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- Treasury Chest first Day of: March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Repayment of forNewZea-, Advances from the Treasury Chest on account of the Civil Establishment in New Zealand; landj, j and: any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray the 5, oooo/. for Chargor which; will come, in, course <rf Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first c^yorkl Day of. March One thousand eight hundred atfdsixtyJeur; for the Construction of Buildings .at Cape York for an Establishment for succouring the Crews of Vessels rwrecked in Torres .Straits; and any Sum or SumS]of Money not exceeding Ten. thousand seven hundred and 10, 720/! for twenty Pounds, to defray the ChargB which will come in.course of Payment during the 1 Year ending ea the Thirty Jirat Day of Msuroh One thousand eight hundred findaixty-four, officers*? for the< Emigration Boards add Emigration Officers at the different Ports of sthi^ Kingdom,

Jind for certain.Expenses connected with Emigration 5/ and any. Sum or Stuns of Money not exceeding Owe bumbted and1 rixtynsix thousand five hundred andifortyjjhree Pourtd3, to ta

ii' defray abroad;

462

81, 054*. for Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam; 35,000*. for extraordinary Disbursements of Embassies, See. abroad; 50,000*.for Special Missions, Outfits, See .;

4, 825*. for Salaries of Third Secretaries, Embassies and Missions abroad;

4, 300*. for surveying the Boundary Line in N. America.

Civil Sbbvicss. Class 6.

There shall be issued 176, 462*. for Superannuation Allowances, &c., Public Service; 744*. for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

325*. for the Refuge for the Destitute;

2, 960*. for Polish Refugees, &C .;

55, 700*. for Pensions to Masters and Seamen, Merchant Service, and their Widows and Children; 20, 400*. for distressed Seamen abroad;

3, 625*. for Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from Civil List, &c .;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Consular Establishments abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-one thousand and fifty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Special Missions, Diplomatic Outfits, and Conveyance and Entertainment of Colonial Officers and others; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand eight hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of the Third Secretaries at Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for completing the Survey of the Line of Boundary between the British and United States Territory in the Western Part of North America.

Civil Services. — Class 6.

21. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in oourse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for enabling Her Majesty to grant Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, towards defraying the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Support of "The Refuge for the Destitute and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand nine hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Subsistence of Polish Refugees and Allowances to distressed Spaniards; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-five thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Pensions to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows and Children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the Charges which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Relief of distressed British Seamen abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the I ear ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List* the Hereditary Revenues, &a, and for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Two

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 463

Two thousand four hundred and fifty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in 2, 451?. for course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament maries, Ireland; to the Treasurers of Public Infirmaries in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 2, 600?. for exceeding Two thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in Westmoreland course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand x>ubU^°5I>lta1, eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum 700/ forRo. or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will tunda Lying-in come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One hospital, thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Rotunda Lying-m Hospital, Dublin; and 2oo/ for any Sutn or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge Coombe Lying-which will coine in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of in Hospital, March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Coombe Lying-in Hospital, Dublin» Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand six hundred 7, 600?. for Hos-Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending pitais of House on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 2 500j fOT Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of House of Re-Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight covery and hundred and sixty-four, for the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, purlin; °Spi Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, to defray the 60o/. for Meath Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Hospital, '

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Meath Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge 100?. for St which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, j^bUn; Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred 1, 300/.for Dr. Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year Stcevens* Hos-ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for plta1, 1)111)1111 Doctor Steevena' Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two 245/, for Board hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment of Superinten-during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums g of Money not exceeding Eight thousand eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray Allow- the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- ances, &c .; first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c .; and 40, 278/. for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand two hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending irei^d.1*' on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Non-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland.

Civil Services. — Class 7. civil services

Class 7.

22. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and 1 —

applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray s^oooo/ the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- for National first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, towards the Expense Memorial to Of a National Memorial for His late Royal Highness the Prince Consort; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray Consort the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- 3, 750/. for first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand nine hundred and seventeen Pounds, to defray the Charge which wifi cotne in 16, 917/. for course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand sundry tem-eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of temporary Commissions; and

any

464

30, 015*. for Fees, &c. under Patent Law Amend. Act; 14, 744/. for Board of Fisheries, Scotland;

2,000l. for Annuity to Board of Manufactures, Scotland;

53, 928/. for Payments of Difference of Dues payable under Treaties of Reciprocity;

3, 220/. for Inspectors of Corn Returns;

800/. for adjusting Boundaries of Counties, &c., Ireland;

1,000 for Publication of Ancient Laws and Institutes, Ireland; 18, 961/. for taking the Census;

680/. for Engagements with Telegraph Companies;

23, 455/. for Preparations for Marriage of II.R.H. the Prince of Wales;

4,000l. for a Ship at Dublin for storing Merchants Gundowder; 25,000l. for Expenses formerly paid from Civil Contingencies.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Expenditure for Navy and Army Services respectively to

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand and fifteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations payable under the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand seven hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, on account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-three thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for Payments on account of the Difference of Dues payable by British or Foreign Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Salaries of Inspectors of Corn Returns and the Expenses defrayed by Counties for Corn Returns; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, and Parishes in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expense of the Publication of the Ancient Laws and Institutes of Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for taking the Census of the Population of the United Kingdom; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expense of the Telegraphic Cable laid down between Malta and Alexandria, and for fulfilling the Engagements entered into by Her Majesty's Government with certain Telegraph Companies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand four hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in coursd of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for the Expense of the Preparations for the Marriage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for fitting up and mooring at Dublin a Ship intended for Storing Merchants Gunpowder; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for certain Expenses formerly charged upon the Vote for Civil Contingencies.

23. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments, Appropriation, or Application directed to be made or satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

24. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act for Navy and Army Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the

separate

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

separate Services comprised in the Sum of Ten million seven hundred thirty-six thousand and, thirty-two Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services; and in the Sum of Fifteen million sixty thousand two hundred and thirty-seven Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services: Provided always, that if a Necessity shall arise for incurring Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and Military, Services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the Public Service to postpone until Provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual Course, the respective Departments shall forthwith make Application in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for their Authority to defray temporarily such Expenditure out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Department, and in such Applications the Departments shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the Circumstances which may render such additional Expenditure necessary; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize the Expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon Votes within the same Department; and a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the said Commissioners to any Expenditure not provided for in the respective Votes aforesaid, accompanied by Copies of the Representations made to them by the said Departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons not later than One Month after the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure for Navy and for Army Services for the Year shall respectively have been rendered to the Commissioners of Audit, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled, in order that such Proceedings may be submitted for the Sanction of Parliament, and that Provision may be made for the Deficiencies upon the several Votes for the said Services in such Manner as Parliament shall determine: Provided also, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorize any Expenditure which may cause an Excess upon the aggregate Sum of Ten million seven hundred thirty-six thousand and thirty-two Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and upon the aggregate Sum of Fifteen million sixty thousand two hundred and thirty-seven Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services.

25. And as to the Sum of Three hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds, being the Proportion of the Sum of Four hundred sixty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-five Pounds by this Act appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which is applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the' said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that, no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which tihe Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary of State for War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declara^ tion the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he 26 & 27 Vkhv 3 N may

465

be confined to the separate Services for 'which granted. 10, 736, 032/. 16, 060, 237/. Treasury may in certain Cases of Exigency authorize Expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate Grants for the Navy Services and for the Army Services respectively be not exceeded.

Buies to he observed in the Application of the Sum appropriating Half Pay.

466

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828. An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half

26° & 2 VVICTORIA, c. 99.

may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary of State for War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary of State for War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be serving as an Adjutant in the Volunteer Force, or who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry, but that every such Adjutant shall receive the same on making and subscribing such Declaration as shall be specified in the Regulations made for the Volunteer Force, under the Provisions of the Volunteer Act, 1863, and every other Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through the Secretary of State for War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 467

the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, Py to be laid specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

26. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

27. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have Half Pay

6 not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in Allowances to ' possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same RegSnents°

were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and not holding reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of Ecclesiastical ' Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from derivedfrom ' the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such the Crown.

former Years as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half r'ay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice of Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the stud Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

28. And as to the Sum of One hundred seventy-two thousand one hundred and fifty- widows, &c. seven Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to claiming Pen-the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That Declaration, no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf.

29. Any such Declaration as well as all Declarations for other Army and Navy non- Declarations to effective Services shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her be Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, resident Parish Minister, or other Person

now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any of the c. 62. Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

3 N 2

Not necessary to prove previous Propensity of Dog to injureSheep, &c.

Who shall be deemed the Owner of the Dog.

Extent of Act.

7 & 8 G. 4.

c. 75.

9 G. 4. c. 38.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 127.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 95.

6 & 7 W. 4. c. 80.

I & 2 Vict. c. 57.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 79.

II & 12 Vict. c. 62.

16 & 17 Vict c. 111.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 46.

Appointment of additional Commissioners.

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 100, 101.

1

CAP. C.

An Act to render Owners of Dogs iu Scotland liable in certain Cases for Injuries done by their Dogs to Sheep and Cattle.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law as to the Liability of the Owners of ' Dogs for Injuries done to Sheep and Cattle by such Dogs:5 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In any Action brought against the Owner of a Dog for Damages in consequence of Injury done by such Dog to any Sheep or Cattle, it shall not be necessary for the Pursuer to prove a previous Propensity in such Dog to injure Sheep or Cattle.

2. The Occupier of any House or Place or Premises in which any Dog which has injured any Sheep or Cattle has been usually kept or permitted to live or remain at the Time of such Injury shall be liable as the Owner of such Dog, unless the said Occupier can prove that he was not the Owner of such Dog at the Time the Injury complained of was committed, and that such Dog was kept or permitted to live or remain in the said House or Place or Premises without his Sanction or Knowledge.

3. This Act shall extend to Scotland only.

CAP. CL

An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-five: And whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight: And whereas another Act was passed in the Second and Third Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five: And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His said Majesty, Chapter Eighty: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-nine: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two: And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eleven: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-six: And whereas it is expedient to appoint additional Persons to put in execution the several Acts for granting an Aid to Her Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, and several other Acts for continuing or granting to Her Majesty Rates and Taxes: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several and respective Persons herein-after named shall and may, and are hereby empowered and authorized (being duly qualified) to put in execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, as Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties, Shires, and Places in England and Wales

469

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

herein-after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as fully and effectually as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said recited Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth; (that is to say,)

For the County of Bedford.

Brooks, John Hatfield, Esquire, Flitwich; Brooks, Thomas William Dell, Clerk, Flitwick; Erskine, Thomas, Clerk, Steppingley; Maule, George, Clerk, Ampthill; Neale, Frederick, Clerk, Wootton; Howlett, John Henry, Clerk, Meppershall; Marvin, William Henry, Clerk, Higham Gobion; Frere, John Alexander, Clerk, Shitlington; Dickson, David, Clerk, Sundon; Gill, William, Clerk, Barton; Wheeler, David, Clerk, Pulloxhitt; Pryor, Henry Maclean, Clifton; Cross, William Henry, Brammingham; Turner, Edward Henry Page, Baronet, Battlesden; Coles, Edward Norman, Clerk, Battlesden; Cumberlege, Samuel Francis, Clerk, Woburn; Clegg, John, Clerk, Toddington; Orlebar, Orlando, Esquire, Husborne Crawley; Parker, Carlisle, Apsley Guise; Robinson, John, Apsley Guise; Prichard, John, Apsley Guise; Henry Alington Little Barford in the County of Bedford ', Esquire; Abel Mellor Cardington in the County of Bedford, Esquire; Charles Pearson Tempsford in the County of Bedford, Esquire.

For the County of Berks.

John Spearman Wasey Clerk, Compton, Edward Morland Chaplin Clerk, Chilton, William Rowles West Tlsley, John Peesley Gegg East Usley, William Dowell Wasbrough The Priory, Wantage, Henry Denis De Vetrd Charlton House, Wantage, John Hammond Brooks Stirlings, Wantage, Reverend Ralph Barnes Ardington, Edward Ormond Wantage, John Allen Downs House, West Hendred, Thomas Brown Wantage, John Aldridge Esquire, Inholmes near Lamborne, Reverend Henry Barter Lamborne, Reverend Robert Gregson Gorton Up-Lamborne, Berks.

For the Borough of Chipping Wycombe.

Thomas GriflSts, George Powlesland, William Vincent Baines, James Thurlow, Ralph Lansdale, Benjamin Lucas.

For Jtatf of the County of Bucks.

Thomas Griffits, George Powlesland, William Vincent Baines, James Thurlow, Ralph Lansdale, Benjamin Lucas, Reverend Randolphe Henry Pigott of Grendon Underwood, Bucks, Rector of that Parish, Reverend J ohn Holford Risley Akcly, Samuel Mail Allen Esquire, Buckingham, Richard Chandler Esquire, Buckingham, George Nelson Esquire, Buckingham, Frederick Edward Bartlett Esquire, Buckingham, William Henley Hands-combe Esquire, Padbury, Reverend Cadwalledar Coker Skalstone, Charles Higgins Esquire, Stowe.

For the County of Cambridge.

Joseph Ingle Ellis Thriplow, Reverend Charles Fitzgerald Gambier Jenyns Melbourne, William Linton Mcldrcsh, Arthur Nash Knees worth, William Thomas Nash Royston,

George ---- Pigott Alnngton Pigotts, Henry Perkins Thriplow, Thomas Russell Lislington,

Reverend William Selwyn Foxton, Honourable and Reverend Arthur Savile Foulmire, John King junior, of Bottisham, Farmer, Richard Ellis Stow-cum-Quy, Farmer, James Bcadon Witt Swaff ham Prior, Farmer, Henry Baker Swaffham Bulbeck, Merchant, Henry James Banyard Grantchester, Gentleman, John Fuller Cambridge, Gentleman, Peter Grain Great Shelford, Gentleman, Richard Miller Cambridge, TPawe Merchant

For the County of Chester.

William Barnston Crao 77*7/, Farndon in the County of Chester Esquire, Thomas Aldersey Aldersley Hall, Handley in the County of Chester Esquire, Arthur Potts Hoole Hall, Chester Esquire, George Barbour Bolesworth Castle, Tattenhall\ in the County of

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Chester, Esquire, John Long Nether Knutsford, Cheshire, Esquire, Samuel Acton Esquire, Hatherton, Nantwich, John Jasper Garnett Esquire, Stoke, Nantwich, William Baker junior9 Esquire, Audlem, Thomas Green Esquire, Stapeley, William R. Johnson Esquire, The Cliff, Nantwich, John Barker Esquire, Nantwich, James Marshall Brinnington, Esquire, Joshua Marriott Stockport, Gentleman, George Peel Brookfield House, Cheadle, Esquire, John Farmer Cheadle, Gentleman, Edmund Howard Sykes Edgeley Cottage, Cheadle Bulkeley, William Hobson Dysart Mile End Hall, Stockport, Gentleman, William Collier Yandrey Bredbury, Gentleman, Charles Baker Springfield, Edgeley, Stockport, Esquire, John Mars-land Lingard Stockport, Esquire, Wakefield Christy Stockport, Edward Carrington Howard Brinnington.

Hervy Whitford Solicitor, Henry Jenkyn Bowse Gentleman, St. Columb Major, Reverend George W. Manning Little Petherick, Reverend Pryor St. Breock, John Andrew Yeoman, St Mcrrvn, John Tudwen Ship Builder, Padstmt, Arthur Christopher Thynne, Kilkhampton, Richard Chamberlain Smith North Tamerton, John George Mason Cal-lington, Cornwall, Gentleman, William Dunstan Meaders South Hill, Cornwall, Gentleman, William Carew Herring Pinearth, Menheniot, Cornwall, Yeoman, Reverend William Wriothesley Wingfield Gulval, William Bolitho junior, Ponsondane, Thomas Bedford Bolitho Trewidden, Charles Day Nicholls Le Grice Trereife, Reverend Edward Morris Pridmore Breage, Reverend Edward Seymour Manaccan, Thomas Phillips Tyacke Helston, Thomas Ellis Helston, Edward John Shaw Helston, John Basset Collins, John Ward both of Bodmin, Esquires, Henry John Borrow, Clerk, Rector of Lanivat, Reverend John Daubriz Killiow, Kea, Thomas Roxburg Polwhele Esquire, Polwhele, St Clements, Philip Sandy Tom Esquire, Rosedale, St Clements, Joseph Pomery Esquire, St Erme, Richard Pendarves Johns Esquire, Trcvince, Gerrans, Reverend Henry S. Slight Ruan, Reverend Clement Winstanley Carlyon, Saint Just

John Simpson of Penrith, Henry Simpson of Penrith, Michael Remington of Tynefiehl, Isaac Lowthian of Penrith, John Thompson of Holloway House, Williams Hasell of Dale-maine, Richard Courtenay Musgrave of Edenhall, John Powley of Longwathby, Timothy Fetherstonhaugh of The College, Kirkoswald, William Heskett of Plumpton Hall, William Harrison of Penrith, John Lawson Anderson of Penrith, Frederick Cowper senior, Lawrence Harrison of Penrith, Mark Nicholson of Cockell House, Samuel William Sanderson, John Watson Nelson, Charles Saunders of Nunwick Hall, Frederick Cowper junior, Richard Barker Egremont, Reverend Walter Brooksbank Lamplough, James Brock-bank Whitehaven, John Carter Saint Bees, John Caddy Rougholm, Henry Collins Whitehaven, Peter Cameron Whitehaven, Thomas Dixon Rheda, William Dickinson Workington, Charles Fisher Prospect Distington, William Fox Saint Bees Abbey, Henry Fletcher Millgrove Moresby, Henry Fletcher Workington, Michael Falcon Workington, John Grice Bootle, Henry Grayson Workington, John Guy Workington, Milhaw Hartley Hioh House, Moresby, Robert Jefferson Rothersyke, Robert Jefferson Preston Hows, John Kirkbank Cumpstones Millom, Charles Lamport Workington, Joshua Sayer Myers Pow House, Millom, Henry Mossop Rollington, Thomas Nicholson Corsickle, Whitehaven, John Postlethwaite Whitehaven, Joseph Henry Robinson Whitehaven, William Hitchin Whitehaven, John Stirling Park House, John Thompson Corkickle, Whitehaven, John Thompson M.D., Whitehaven, William Thompson Workington, William Wilson Corkickle, Whitehaven, Henry Hough Watson Bray stones, John Bateman Wilson Whitehaven, William Paitson Whitehaven, William Lumb the younger, Whitehaven, John Musgrave Whitehaven, William Lancaster Alexander Shalton Lodge, John Asbridge Cockermouth, Isaac Grey Bass The Craggs, Thomas Dundas Harford Battersby Keswick, William Cooke Camerton Hall, Arthur Dover Skiddaw Bank, Isaac Fletcher Tam Bank, William Fletcher Brigham Hill, William Fletcher Invekerkin, Joseph Harris Papcastle, Joseph Harris Broughton, John Sanderson Mawson Portniscale, John Nicholson Unerigg Hall, John Pearson Cockermouth, Hugh Martin Short Thornthwaite, Thomas Simpson Hay el

For the County of Cornwall.

For the County of Cumberland.

Bank,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Bank, William Stamper Brigham, William Thornburn Papcastle, John Wilson Lorton, Frank Wybergh Isel, Horace Robert Wyndham Cockermouth, John Blackstock Hayton Castle, George Elliot Aspatria, John Porter Foster Killhow, Henry Grainger Ireby Grange, John Grainger Southerfleld, John Tordiff Hayton Oughterside, John Hodgson Holly Lodge, Richard Jackson Warwick Hall, William Lawson Brayton, Joseph Nelson Moor Row, John-Richmond Crosscannonby, John Thirlwall Plumbland, James Lumb Homexooood, James Dees Floraville, William Barwick Clarke Beckermont, John Musgrave Whitehaven, Reverend John Rimmer Woodhouse, Whitehaven, Reverend Charles Augustus Perring Lonsdale Place, Isaac Powe Waterloo Terrace, Jonas Lindow Burns Ingwell, Joseph Fletcher Whitehaven, Thomas Nelson Catgill Hall, Egremont, William Gaitskell Yeorton, Stanley Dodgson Whitehaven, Robert Gibson Whitehaven, John Bateman Wilson Whitehaven, John Dixon Fidler Whitehaven, James Wilson Whitehaven, William Paitson Whitehaven, Thomas Westray Workington, Reverend John Mordaunt Lowther Hensing ham, John Carter Saint Bees, Peter Bourne Whitehaven, Henry Fletcher Mill Grove, William Dickinsoil Shannon House, Workington, William Thompson Workington, Michael Falcon Workington, Henry Grayson Workington, Henry Fletcher Workington, William Bonnallie Gordon Workington, James Alexander Workington, George Armstrong Workington.

For the County of Derby.

Samuel Wood Glossop, Daniel Wood Glossop, James Shepley Glossop, Frederick Buckley The Hurst, Glossop, John Shepley Brookfield, Glossop, George Eastham Waterside, Glossop, Thomas Marriott Haufield, Samuel Ratciff Holley Vale, Mellor, Robert Broom Bii8bage Buston, Captain Edward L. Darwin The Park, Buston, Reverend Augustus BagshaW Womshill, John Heathcote Blackwell, John Sleigh Thornbridge, John OUivent Openshaw Burre House, Robert Thornhill Great Longstone, George Newdigate Darwent Hall, Joseph Bright Nether Hall, Hathersage, Major Henry Wilmot of Chaddesden Hall, Edward Wilmot of Chaddesden Hall, Arthur Wilmot of Chaddesden Hall, Reginald Wakelyne Chandos Pole of Radbourne, John Chandos Pole of Radbourne, Francis Bradshaw junior, of Barton Hall, Henry Holden Bradshaw of Barton Hall, Robert Wilmot Bradshaw of Barton Hall, Rowland Smith of Derby, William Thomas Edwards Cox of Spandon Hall, Arthur Cox of Spondon Hall, Samuel Richardson Cox of Spondon, Francis Walker Cox of Spondon, Lucius Mann of Hadebrow, Frank N. Smith of Derby, John Tempest Morley of Littleover, Sacheverel Sitwell of Morley, William Grimwood Taylor of Litchurch, Alfred Robert Simpson of Derby, John Mozley of Derby, Thomas Bateman of Morley, T. C. Turner of Litchurch, Sir Matthew Blakiston Sandy Brook, Ashbourne, Derbyshire, John Wright Yeldusley, Ashbourne, Derbyshire, John Smedley Riber, Matlock, Derbyshire, Phillip Hubbersty Wirksworth, Derbyshire, Henry Walthall Walthall Alton Manor near Wirksworth, Albert Francis Hurt Alderwasley, Wtrskworth.

For the City and County of the City of Exeter.

Henry Downe Barton, Thomas Julius Bremridge, Richard Preston Bishop, William Clapp, Robert Taylor Campion, Richard Rendell Miller Daw, John Lempnere De la Garde, George Hirtzel, William Withall James, Charles John Laidman, William Mortimer, Henry Newport Clerk, Richard Corbett Pascoe Clerk, James Pasmore, Charles Charretie Turner Clerk

For the Pest of the County of Devon.

James Melhuish Tanner of Kingsnympton, Devon, Gentleman, Reverend George Porter of Rackenford, Devon, Clerk, Reverend Prockter Melhuish Benson of Basford, Nottinghamshire, Clerk, George James Cruwys of Cruwys Morchard, Devon, Gentleman, Reverend Walter Meddon Bruton of West Worlington, Devon, Clerk, Reverend Samuel Hosegood of Thelbridge, Devon, Clerk, Reverend John Eldon Hole of Washford Pyne, Devon, Clerk, Reverend George C Bethune of Ckumleiah, Devon, Clerk, Henry Charles Devon of Rackenford, Devon, Gentleman, Robert Hall Gentleman, Bradworthy, Devon, George Braginton Esquire, Great Torrington, Richard Bremridge Esquire, Barnstaple, John Roberts

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Chanter Esquire, Barnstaple, Henry Day Esquire, Ilfracombe, Walter Fursdon Clerk, Berrynarbor, John Guard Clerk, Langtree, Thomas William Matthew Wilks Guppey Esquire, Barnstaple, James Gay Hiern Esquire, Barnstaple, John Harris Esquire^ Tmc Vale Terrace, Barnstaple, John Mackrell Esquire, Barnstaple, William Clarke Moore C?erA, Ilfracombe, John Tayleur Pigot Clerk, Fremington, Charles William Lillifant Clerk, Wear Gifford, Philip Stoneham Esquire, Ilfracombe, Thomas Stabb Esquire, Ilfracombe, William Thorne Esquire, Barnstaple, Gilbert Innes Wallas Clerk, Barnstaple, John Willis Esquire, Barnstaple, Reverend Edward Henry Quicke Clerk, Newtov$ Saint Cgres, Reverend Robert Henry Fortescue Clerk, Stockleigh Pomeroy, Henry North cote Esquire, Crediton, William Pope Esquire, Crediton, Robert Baker Carew of Bickleigh in the County of Devon, Clerk, Edward William Tanner Chaye of Cullompton in the County of Devon, Clerk, William Hornsey Gamlen of Tiverton in the County of Devon, Esquire, John New of TJffculm in the County of Devon, Esquire, William North Row of Tiverton in the County of Devon, Esquire, Sir Henry Farrington Baronet, Ottery St. Mary, Reverend William Routledge Clerk, D.D., Cotleigh, Reverend Mamerto Gueritz Clerk, Colyton, Reverend Marwooa Tucker Clerk, Widwortliy, Reverend Joseph Gattey Clerk, Harpford, Reverend Richard Kirwan Clerk, Gittisham, Reverend Henry Beaumont Burlton Clerk, Farway, Reverend John Selwood Clerk, Shute, Frederick Abraham Smith Ottery St Mary, John Collin Ottery St. Mary, Colin Newbery Ottery St Mary, Robert Warren Ottery St. Mary, John Cutler Sidmouth, John Henry Copleston Offwell, Robert George Abraham of Ashburton, Peter Fabyan Sparke Amery of Ashburton, Henry Bickford of Ilsington, Thomas Allcard of Hermosa, Teignmouth, Reginald William Templer of Teignmouth, John Yicary of Highwick, Robert Vicary of Highwick, John. Pidsley of Highwick, Reverend Edward Fursdon of Dawtish, Reverend John Manley Hawker of Ideford, Thomas Yarde of Culver House, Chudleigh, John Whidborne Teignmouth, Robert Moir Teignmouth, Thomas Atkinson Ilsington, William Roope Tlbert Bowring Leigh, West Alvington, Reverend William Daykin Rectory, Stoke firming, Thomas Wyse Weymouth Slade, Charleton, John Maye Totness, Reverend George Terry Car-, withen Rectory, Ashprington, Henry Chilcote Ash, Stokejleming, Robert Farquharson Dundridge, Harberton, Reverend John Fielder Mackamess, George Neumann Esquire Reverend Henry Edwards, Edmund Newman Snow Esquire, John Hutchings Jerrard Esquire, M.D., Daniel Gould Esquire, Reverend Edwin Ellis Gentleman, Richard P Newbery Esquire, Reverend George Lowe, George Frederick Tweed Esquire, Spencer Murch Cox Esquire, Reverend George Barons Northcote, John Pynsenfc Mathew Esquire, John Bridgman Smith Esquire, John Seagar Gundry Esquire, Charles William Bond Esquire, William Henry Kitson Torquay, Gentleman, Richard Robbins Wolfe Torquay, Clerk, Alfred Byard Sheppard Torquay, Gentleman, Charles Kitson Torquay, Gentleman, John Kitson Torquay, Gentleman, William Bartlett (the younger) Saint Mary Church, Gentleman, James Salter Bartlett Saint Mary Church, Gentleman, Richard Wilham Beachey Highweek, Newton Busk ell, Gentleman, William Creed Abbotsherswell\ Gentlemanj John Creed (the younger) Abbotskerswell Gentleman, Thomas Wills East Wrey, Lusdeigk, Gentleman, John Barratt Wolborough, Newton Abbott, Gentleman, William Harris Ffandeif Bovey Tracey, Gentleman, Harry Martin Coombemteignhead, Clerk, J. H Ha^keiM Ideford, Clerk, William R. Mortimer Kingstcigntan, Gentleman, John Whidborne Ehsf\ Teignmouth, Gentleman, Robert Moir West Teignmouth, Gentleman, John Pidsley High*' week, Gentleman, Robert Hall Gentleman, Bradworthy, Devon.

County of Dorset,

The Honourable Aubrey Spring Rice Clerk, Netherbury, William Edmund Craufurd Austin Clerk, Stoke Abbott, Robert Keddle Clerk, Netherbury, Shering Keddle Netherbury, William James Daniel Beaminster, Thomas Palmer Daniel Beaminster, John Palmer Dowdeswell Beaminster, John Roberts Furmedge Langdon, Beaminster, Alfred Codd Clerk, Beaminster, James Rawlins Beaminster, John Russell Beaminster, Richard Groves Botcood, Netherbury, William Pope Toller Whelme, Cdrscombe, William Parmiter Melpla.fi, Netherbury, Frederick Walter Gundry Bridport, John Knight Bridport, John Barnicott, Symondsbury, Heniy Augustus Templer Btadpole, Paulet Mildmay Compton Clerk,

473

Mapperton, Joseph Stone Studley \6roarfiwVz^r, ^IelviIle Lauriston Lee Clerk, Bridport, Thomas Browne Ewens Aldington; Allford, Reverend William; Batten, John; Littler hales, Bendall; Lyon, Reverend William Hector; Nathaniel Bond Hofme, Charles Oldfield Bartlett Wareham, Reverend Samuel Richard Capel Clerk, Wareham, William Joseph Pike Wareham, John William Pike Wareham, James Panton Wareham, James Albert Panton Wareham, Clavell Filliter Wareham, Freeland Filliter Wareham, Henry Filliter Wareham, Daniel Sturdy Trigon Hill, John Hales Montagu Calcraft Rempstone, William Montagu Calcraft Rempstone, William Voss Church Knowle, William James Voss Church Knowle, Robert Taylor Corfc* Castle, Reverend Thomas Pearce C/erA, Mardert, Richard Burdon Hazelburu Bryan, Clerk, Robert Bruce Kennard Mamhull, Clerk, John Martyn Rherton, Clerk, Frederick Webster Maunsell lucerne Courtney, C/tfrA, William Stuckey Wood Fifehead Magdalen, Esquire, John Octavius Goodridge Child . Qkeford* Esquire, Francis Bissett Hawkins of Lewell Lodge, Esquire, Reverend, Reginald Smith of Stafford, Clerk, George Warry of JJpway, Esquire, Waring Alexander Biddle Long* ham, Dorset, Esquire, Alfred Gilliat Longham, Dorset, Gentleman, William Wylde-Browno Alder holt, Dorset, Esquire.

For the County of Durham.

Thomas Bell Usworth House, William Brown, Claremont House, Gateshead, John Brod-J rick Dale South Shields, Cornelius Garbutt Dunston Lodge, William Givens Monkwearmouth, Terrot Glover South Shields, George Henry L. Hawks Washington, Augustus H, Hunt Birtley, John Joicey Beamish, Thomas Miller Pick tree, George Murray Chester-le-Street, William Watson Pattinson Felling, John Robinson South Shieldr, Thomas Salmon South Shields, James Cochrane Stevenson South Shields, William Stobart Roker Terrace, Sunderland, Abraham Story Chester-le-Street, John Williamson South Shields, William Richardson Stockton, William Thompson Dyke House, Hartlepool, Joseph Laing Stockton, John Stephenson Carr House, John Hansell Wren Stockton, Reverend Philip Rudd BilUngham, Robert Chityon Billingham, George Rudstone Garshorne Stockton, Reverend Henry Baker Tristram Greatham, Reverend James Milner Elton, John Randolph Hopkins Elton, John Mills, Stockton, Thomas Davison Sedgqfield, Richard Wiseman Robinson Norton.

For the Town of Colchester.

Thomas Catchpool, John William Coleman, Henry Griffin Deane, Horace Egerton Green, James Habgood, John Bawtree Harvey, Thomas Smith, Robert Swinborne, John Taylor.

For the Rest of the County of Essex. 1

Mayor ' Francis Du Cane of Hornchurch, Reverend H. M. Milligan of Altkorne, Reverend R. E, Formby of Latchingdon, Octavius Edward Coope of RocJietts, South Weald, Essex, Esquire, Frederick, Francis of Warley Mace, Great Warley, Essex, Esquire, Reverend^ William Vallanbe Southchurch, Essex, William Swaine Rockford, Essex, Reverend A. H. Rumbold Thorpe, Reverend William Peile Babington Manningtree, Reverend R. Hay 11c, D.D., Bradfielfi, Reverend Osmond Fisher Etmstead, Reverend Arthur Etough Graham Great Bromley, Reverend Richard Joynes Great Holland, Thomas Nunn, Esquire, Lawford, Reverend Alfred William Mason Clerk, Moulsham, Reverend John Bradford Whiting Clerk, Broomfield, Reverend Barrington Syer Barnes Clerk, Chignal Saint James, Reverend William Wright Clerk, The Lyons, Springfield, Reverend Samuel Buxton Smyth Clerk, East Hanningfield, Thomas William Green Esquire, The Hall, Great Baddow.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester.

James Henry Dowling Barnwood, Gloucester, Henry Jones Hucclecote, Gloucester, Josiah Caetree Gloucester, Powell Chandler Gloucester, Reverend Charles Yonge Crawley Gloucester, John Elliott Gloucester, Edmund Viner Ellis Gloucester, Jaimes Rogers Heane Gloucester, John Hey worth Gloucester, Thomas Holt Gloucester, John Purrier Kimberley Gloucester, Ephraim Lloyd JfoMw, Gloucester, Reverend Henry C. Minchin Gloucester, Henry John Paul Gloucester, John Robinson Gloucester, Thomas Robinson Gloucester, Richard Tew Smith 26 & 27 Vict. 3 O Wotton,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Wotton, Gloucester, William Tomkyns Gloucester, William Crondson Tuns tall Gloucester, Elijah Waring Gloucester, Thomas Buchanan Washbourn M.D., Gloucester, Walter Wilkins Gloucester, Reverend Henry W. Maddy Downhatherley near Gloucester, Edmund Boughton junior, Longford, Gloucester, William Nicks Longford, Gloucester, Reverend George Harmar Maisemore, Gloucester, Reverend William Balfour Gloucester, Charles Walker Matson near Gloucester, Thomas De Winton Walsworth Hall near Gloucester, Reverend Edward Mansfield Highnam near Gloucester, William Partridge Barnwood near Gloucester, Edmund Weight Gloucester, Reverend John Emeris Gloucester, Charles Frederick Innell Gloucester, George Riddiford.

For the Rest of the County of Gloucester.

Colonel James Woosnam Bicknor Court near Coleford, Reverend William Hiley Bathurst Lydney Park, Charles Bathurst Esquire, Lydney Park, Henry Greenham Esquire, Lydney, George Frederic Hey worth Esquire, Henbury Hill, Westbury-upon-Try m, Reverend David Cooper Lawrence Hill, Saint Philip and Jacob, Francis Walker Savage Esquire, Springfield, Westbury-upon-Trym, Charles Walter Savage Esquire, Springfield, Westbury-upon-Trym, Gwinnett Tyler Esquire, Worcester Terr ace, Clifton, Henry Falcon Esquire, Boynton, George Riddiford, John Trotter Thomas Coleford, Joseph Bennett Westbury-on-Severn, John Trotter Newnham, Osman Barrett Mitcheldean, Henry Greenham Highfield, Lydney, Frederick William Goold Bilson, Reverend William Hiley Bathurst Lydney, Joseph Richard Bennett Westbury-on-Severn, John Franklin Hiron of Chipping Campden, Henry James Clifford Frampton-on-Severn, Leonard John Graham Clarke Frocester, John Sayer Arlingham, James Henry Dowling Barnwood near Gloucester, Henry Jones Hucclecote, Josiah Castree Gloucester, Powell Chandler Gloucester, Reverend Charles Yonge Crawley Gloucester, John Elliott Gloucester, Edmund Viner Ellis Gloucester, James Rogers Heane Gloucester, John Heyworth Gloucester, Thomas Holt Gloucester, John Purrier Kimberley Gloucester, Ephraim Lloyd Wotton, Gloucester, Reverend Henry C. Minchin Gloucester, Henry John Paul Gloucester, John Robinson Gloucester, Thomas Robinson Gloucester, Richard Tew Smith Gloucester, William Tomkyns Gloucester, William Crondson Tunstall Gloucester, Elijah Waring Gloucester, Charles Montague Gloucester, Thomas Buchanan Washbourn M.D., Gloucester, Walter Wilkins Gloucester, Reverend Henry W. Maddy Downhatherly near Gloucester, Edmund Boughton junior, Longford, Gloucester, William Nicks Longford, Gloucester, Reverend George Harmar Maisemore near Gloucester, Reverend William Balfour Gloucester, Charles Walker Matson, Gloucester, Thomas de Winton Walsworth Hall near Gloucester, Reverend Edward Mansfield Highnam near Gloucester, William Partridge Barnwood, Gloucester, Edmund Weight Gloucester, Reverend John Emeris Gloucester, Reverend Edmund Percy Brett Sandhurst near Gloucester, Henry James Clifford Fr amp ton-on- Severn, Leonard John Graham Clarke Frocester, John Sayer Arlingham, Robert Tanner Painswick, James Thomas Stanton Painswick, John Rolt the younger. Miser den, Robert Hastings Painswick, Reverend Watson Buller Van Notten Pole Upper Swell, Reverend Thomas Winter JDaylesford, Reverend David Royce Lower Swell, Reverend Henry Rice Great Rissinyton, Reverend William Wiggin Oddington, Percy Fitzhardinge Raymond Barker Esquire, Fair-ford, William Hicks Beach Esquire, Coin, St. Aldwins, Reverend Alfred Kent Coin, St. Aid-wins, Reverend Francis William Rice Fairford, Reverend Henry Snow Bibury, Herbert John Marshall Esquire, Poulton, Thomas Lancaster of Rodborough, Richard Smith of Minchinhampton.

For the Borough of Leominster.

Thomas Collet Yeld Esquire, Henry James Esquire, Francis Davis Esquire, Henry Herbert Esquire, Henry Newman Esquire.

For the Rest of the County of Hereford.

Captain Edward Nicholas Heygate R.E., Buckland, James Gregg Esquire, Fencote Dochlow, Walter S. Broadwood Esquire, Highwood House, Yarpole, Thomas Burl ton Esquire, Leominster, Edward William Coleman Esquire, Hill Top Dilwyn, James Withington Esquire, Rosedale, Laisters, Tenbury, John Griffiths Alford Birley, Richard Brooke Norton

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 475

Canon, Thomas Clarke Canon-pion, George Horatio Davenport Foxley, Rowland Hill Mansel Lacy, William Henry Fhillott Staunton-on- Wye, Francis Fenwick Reaveley Kin-nersleys David Thomas Canon-pion, James Watt Gibson Watt Newport Houte, Francis Reuben Arthur Esquire, Putley Court near Ledbury, Reverend William Pulling Eastnor Rectory near Ledbury, Richard Frederick Webb Esquire, Donnington Hall near Ledbury,

Henry Edward Vale Esquire, Moorfields, Coddington near Ledbury, Thomas Griffiths Peyton Esquire, Barton Court, Colwall.

For the County of Hertford.

August Hawks Hertford, Solicitor, Matthew Skinner Longmore Hertford, Solicitor, John Harrison Ware, Esquire, William Mello Chadwell, Esquire, Robert Lawrence Ware, Merchant, John Willoughby Lake Great Amwell, Esquire, John Marchant the younger, Hertford, Solicitor, Charles Peter Christie Hoddesdon, Esquire, William Clinton Baker Bayfordbury, Esquire, Charles Irvine Conyngham Bailey Hertingfordbury, Enquire, Henry James Davison Herne Little Berkhamsted, Esquire, John Hooper Esquire, M.D., Hoddesdon, Edward Manser Hertford, Miller, Francis Lloyd Hoddesdon, Esquire, Henry Squire Hertford, Gentleman, William Pollard Hertford, Gentleman, Charles Stephen Hill Bengeo, Esquire, John Evans Esquire, Abbots Langley, Wadham Locke Sutton Esquire, Northchurch, Henry William Nicholson, Great Berkhamsted, Robert Blackwell Esquire, Chipperfield, Kings Langley, John Edward Groome Esquire, Kings Langley, John Field Hemel Hempsted, William A. Thomas Abbots Langley, Anthony Thatcher Esquire, Hemel Hempsted, George Edward Dering Welwyn, Esquire, Thomas George Barclay Hatfield, Esquire.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury,

John Bushell All Saints, Canterbury, Alfred Neame All Saints, Canterbury, Edward Rayner Saint Peter9s, Canterbury, Robert Young Saint Mary Bredin, Canterbury, Francis Read Bateman AH Saints, Canterbury, George Grace Saint George's, Canterbury, John Gibbons Saint George's, Canterbury, John Harman Saint George's, Canterbury, Thomas Andrews Saint George's, Canterbury, Thomas Dean Saunders Saint George's, Canterbury, John Brent junior, Saint Mildred's, Canterbury, Charles Goulden Saint Peter's, Canterbury; Boycott, Dr. Thomas, Saint Margaret's, Canterbury; Beer, George, Saint Mary Magde-lends, Canterbury; Rofe, Benjamin, Saint Margarets, Canterbury; Boorman, Thomas, Saint Mildreds, Canterbury.

For the Town of Faversham.

Thomas Charles Spyers Doctor of Medicine, William Gibbs, Booke Jones, Henry Durell Barnes.

For the Town and Port of Fordwich.

Reverend Edward Brailsford, Colonel Mark Blaxland, Captain Charles James Cox.

For the Town and Port of Hythe and West Hythe within the Liberty of the said Town

and Port.

James Watts Hythe, Kent, Esquire, Edward Andrews Hythe, Kent, Esquire, Thomas Denne Hythe, Kent, Esquire, Thomas Bay den Hythe, Kent, Esquire, John Henry Thomas Allen Brochhill, Saltxooood, Kent, Clerk.

For the Town and Liberty of Sandwich.

William Denne, Richard Marsh, Major Henry Boys, Charles Roberts M.D., Arthur Smith Esquire, Captain Edward St. Leger Cannon R.A., William Betts the younger, Esquire, John Iggulden Esquire, Thomas Dorman, James Dorman, Richard Harrison the younger, Esquire, Richard Joynes Emmerson Esquire, Charles Emmerson the younger, Esquire, Edmund Brown Esquire, J.P. (Deal), Thomas Whitehead Esquire, Alfred White-head.

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 101.

For the Town and Borough of Tenterden.

William Pomfret Burra, William Bright, John Atkinson Briggs, John Cnrteis, William Curteis, Stephen Judge.

For the Best of the County of Kent.

Medhurst Troughton Gravesend, Esquire, Robert Barnett Meopham, Esquire, Reverend Allan Cockburn Smith Masters Meopham, Thomas Troughton Gravesend, Esquire, George Kosher Northfleet, Esquire, George Sams Gravesend, Esquire, Joseph Haynes Solomon Shorne, Esquire, Charles Spencer Gravesend, Esquire, Charles James Smart Gravesend, Esquire, George Wood Gravesend, Esquire, Walter Stunt Gillingham, Esquire, William Smith Nicholson IIoo, Esquire, John Lewis Levy Rochester, Esquire, Henry Everist The Temple, Strood, Esquire, Edward Robert Coles Rochester, Esquire, Frederick Furrel Rochester, Esquire, Richard Winch Rochester, Esquire, Edward Winch Chatham, Esquire, James Everist Frindsbury, Esquire, Jesse Thomas Rochester, Esquire, John Henry Thomas Allen Brockhill, Saltwood, Clerk, Henry Tournay Allen Brockhill, Saltwood, Esquire, Thomas Bayden Hythe, Kent, Esquire, William Deedes Sandling Park, Saltwood, Kent, Esquire, Curties Young Norwood Willesborough, Esquire, Reverend John Philpott Hinxhill, Clerk, William Henry Mold Bethersden, Esquire, John Benjamin Andrews Willesborough, Esquire, Reverend William Dodsworth Bates Bertles Willesborough, Clerk, Reverend Richard Baldock Kingsnorth, Clerk, George Hcrbst Lake Kenning ton, Esquire, Charles Jeny ns Spring Grove, Wye, Esquire, Francis Chippendale Tonbridge, Captain John William Finch Pern-bury, Blackburn Maze Southborough, Reverend Charles Otway Tonbridge, Henry Pritchard junior, Tonbridge, Colonel Charles Shipley Teale Tonbridge, Henry Unwin Tonbridge, Reverend Frederick William Murray Stone, Reverend George Frederick Goddard Southfleet, Reverend George John Blomfield Dartford, Reverend Frederick Heberden Wilmington, Frederick Stoneham Cray ford, Charles Kay Wilmington, Thomas Newland Dartford, William Cosier Wilmington, Edward Satterthwaite Dartford, William Cracroft Fooks Dartford, Edwin Fox Dartford, Thomas Harry Saunders Dartford, Rokeby Robinson Hards Dartford, Rowley Edward Potter Dartford, Reverend Thomas Prankard Phelps Ridley, Reverend Richard Salwey Fawkham, Reverend Percy James Croft King stone, Stephen Musgrave Hilton Ickham, Francis Philips Ickham, Charles John Plumptre Ash, John Bridges Plumptre Goodnestone, Reverend Henry Brown Rector of Woolwich, Kent, Reverend Benjamin Sanderson Ffinch Rector of Saint Paul, Deptford, Kent, James Roberts Greenwich, Kent, George Smith Park Row, Greenwich, Kent, Henry Major Church Street, Greenwich, Kent, Henry Chatfield Shooter's Hill Road, Blackheath, Edward Homersham Saint Dunstan's, Canterbury, Charles Caulfield Tuckey Saint Dunstan's, Canterbury, William de Chair Bahcr Saint Stephens otherwise Hackington, William Brock Elham, George Pidduck Westhere, William Cannon senior, Holy Cross, Westgate Without, Canterbury, Charles Collard Wickham Court, Wickham, John Elgar Wingham Court, Wingham, William Gillow Woodnesborough, Robert Castle Eastry, Robert Finnis Jennings Buckland, John James Harvey Eastry, John Kennett Saint Laurence, Edward Collard Stodmarsh, Jarvis Bing Wingham.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Henry William Schneider* Lightburn, Ulverston, Robert Hannay Springfield, Ulverston, Robert Hannay junior, Springfield, Ulverston, James Park Solicitor, Ulverston, Charles Burton Kennedy Ulverston, Miles Kennedy Burton Cottage, Ulverston, George Remington Ulverston, John Satterthwaite Ulverston, Henry Dickinson Ulverston, James Ramsden Abbots Wood, Dalton-in-Furness, Edward Wadham Mill Wood, Dalton-in-Furness, William John Atkinson Baldwin Dalton-in-Furness, Edward Rigge Cartmel, Alexander Brogden, Holme Island, Cartmel, Thomas Hibbert Broughton Grove, Cartmel, George John Miller Ridehalgh Fell Foot, Cartmel, William Pearson Mayor of Salford, John Butterworth Manchester, Thomas Sebastian Bazley Manchester, Edmund George Balfour Manchester, David Charlesworth Manchester, Henry Charlewood Manchester, Thomas Barham Foster

Manchester,

477

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Manchester, Charles Sydney Grundy Manchester, Henry Beecroft Jackson Manchester, Joseph Lamb Manchester, George Harrison Midwood Manchester, John Peiser Manchester, Sigi8inund James Stern Manchester, Marcus Brown Westhead Manchester, James Haryey Salford, William Brotherton Harvey Salford, James Gill Salford, Frederick Lockyer Salford, John William Makin Salford, Charles Tysoe Salford, Charles Wardley Salford, Charles Edward Cawley Broughton, David Owen Evans Broughton, Richard Radford Broughton, William Slater senior, Broughton, Joseph Walker Broughton, Thomas Ashton, Didsbury, Charles Frederick Thompson Harpurhey, Thomas Dilworth Crewdson Moss Side, Thomas Barlow Jervis senior, Pendlebury, Thomas Knowles Pendlehury, Joseph Ashworth Pendleton, Richard Milne Redhead Pendleton, Thomas Shelmerdine Pendleton, Nathaniel Barker Rusholme, George Henry Fryer Rusholme, James Ingham Rusholme, John Todd Rusholme, Thomas Baker Stretford, Charles Potter Withington, William Turner Pendlebury, John Martin Ormskirk, John Graham Ormskirk, Reverend Joseph Bush Ormskirk, William Hegginbottom Garside Ormskirk, John Fazakerley Ormskirk, John Fairhurst Ormskirk, William Lax Ormskirk, John Fernley Birkdale, Henry George Bromilon Southport, William Atkinson Southport, Jonas Segar Southport, Richard Ainscough Lathom, William Wareing Lathom, John Dickinson Aughton, Edgar Musgrove Aughton, George Cooke Aughton, William Mothersill Aughton, Daniel Williams Aughton, Michael Brown Aughton, William Roberts Lydkite, Thomas Lightburn Lydiate, Septimus Booker Great Crosby; Ashworth, Edmund, Drake Street, Rochdale; Ashworth, John, Drake Street, Rochdale, Manufacturer; Booth, James, Wellington Terrace, Rochdale; Brierley, James, Castlemere, Rochdale; Brierley, John Pilling, Laioriston House, Rochdale; Brierley, Joseph, Manchester Road, Rochdale; Brierley, Samuel, Drake Street, Rochdale; Butterworth, Henry Heap, Deeplish Hill, Rochdale; Chadwick, Alexander Kershaw, Okenrod, Rochdale; Chadwick, Hector, Okenrod, Rochdale; Chadwick, John, Okenrod, Rochdale; Hamilton, George, Stock Brook, Chadderton; Hartley, William, junior, Simpson Hill; Healey, Edward, Great Howarth; Healey, Henry, Small Bridge; Healey, Thomas, Hovmrtli Cross; Heape, Benjamin, Roach Bank; Heap, James, Milnrow; Holden, Joseph, Marland; Hutchinson, Robert Hopwood, Tenterhouse; Leach, Stephen, Buersill; Leech, Edward, Greave; Milne, John Stott, Rochdale; Pilling, James, Stone Hill; Pilling, John, Roach Place, Rochdale; Stott, Samuel, Quarry Hill; Tweedale, Samuel, Mount Cottage; Tweedale, Edward, Birch Vino; Rawstron, Ralph, Bridge Mill; Rothwell, Jessie, South Parade, Rochdale; Robert Whitle Whatley, Esquire, Thomas Bymand Trappes Clitheroe, Esquire, Edward Satterthwaite Castle Hill, Lancaster, Christopher Johnson junior, Lancaster, John Hall Lancaster, Richard Looming Lancaster, William Leeming Lancaster, Henry Hadwen Sunnyside, Lancaster, Bryan Padgett Gregson junior, Caton near Lancaster; Ashworth, Edmund, junior, Turtou; Ashworth, George B., Turton; Ainsworth, Richard, Halliwell; Bridson, Thomas Ridgway, Great Bolton; Barlow, Edward, Darcy Lever; Bridson, Joseph Ridgway, Little Bolton; Bailey, Arthur, Breightmet; Cannon, John, Turton; Cross, John Kynaston, Heaton; Chadwick, John, Westhoughton; Cannon, William Walter, Little Bolton; Cross, Percy, Halliwell; Fell, George, Great Bolton; Greg, Arthur, Little Bolton; Hargreaves, George, Great Bolton; Hargreaves, Charles, Great Bolton; Hesketh, Thomas Manley, Great Bolton; Hampson, William, Breightmet; Howarth, Christopher, Harwich; Johnson, Thomas, Little Bolton; Knowles, George, Heaton; Kearsley, Edward Sanderson, Great Bolton; Mawdsley, William, Great Bolton; Mallet, George, Great Bolton; Mellor, Joseph, Heaton; Ormrod, James Cross, Halliwell; Pilkington, John, Westhoughton; Rushton, Thomas Lever, Horwich; Ryder, William, Rivington; Slater, John Nuttall, Turton; Slater, George, junior, Turton; Sharp, Henry, Over Hulton; Stott, James, Kersley; Seddon, Thomas Threlfidl, Breightmet; Snape, Richard Forth, Little Belton; Tristram, William, Halliwell; Thwaites, Thomas, Sharpies; Topp, Robert, Famworth; Warr, Jonathan, Great Bolton; Whittam, James, Famworth.

Angrave, George Henry; Benfield, Thomas Warburton; Berridge, Robert Bristow e; Brewin, Robert; Barclay, John, M.D. ', Crossley, Charles Richard; Cooper, Alfred; Cripps, Joseph; Ellis, Edward Shipley; Everard, William; Gregory, William, Harris,

For the Borough of Leicester.

George

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

George Shirley; Harris, Samuel; Higginson, John; Malin, Arthur; Marriott, Charles; Miles, William; Paget, Alfred; Nevinson, Thomas; Simpson, William; Stretton, William Weston; Toller, George; Thomson, Thomas Harrower; Robinson, Henry Martin.

For the Rest of the County of Leicester.

Joseph Johnson Knighton, Esquire, Gregory Knight Glen Parva Manor, Esquire, John Cooper Allen Blaby Hall, Esquire, Reverend Henry Freer Radford Broughton Astley, Clerk, Reverend Stevenson Gilbert Bellairs Goadby Marwood, Nathaniel Whitchurch Esquire, Melton Mowbray, Marmaduke Shield Esquire, Onebarrow Lodge, Richard Hole Esquire, Quorndon, George Pochin Esquire, Braunstone, Thomas Henry Pares Esquire, Kirby Frith, Dottin Maycock Esquire, Fox ton, Joseph Trueman Mills Esquire, Husband's Bosworth, George Vere Braithwaite Esquire, Stackley House, Reverend John Morpott William Piercy Slawston, Reverend Montagu Francis Finch Osborn Kibworth Beauchamp, Reverend Henry Vere Packe Shangton, Charles Ambrose Phillipps De Lisle Esquire, Gavendon, Frank Paget Esquire, Birstal, Thomas Jee tile younger, Esquire, Peckleton, Nathaniel Simpson Esquire, Rearsby.

the County of Lincoln, Ci'ty anJ County of the City of Lincoln.

Bassett, Reverend Richard Edward, iVbr/A Thorseby; Borman, Luke, Jrfly; Borman, Thomas Johnson, Swallow; Borman, Joseph, Swallow; Byron, ifencrentf John, iVorrt iT?7-lingholme; Barnard, Reverend, Kirmington; Barnard, Pelham, Bigby; Dixon, Richard Roadley, Holton-le-Moor; Dixon, John William, Thornton-le-Moor; Drakes, Reverend J. T., Croxton; Elwes, Richard Carey, Thorganby; Flowers, Reverend William Henry, Ulccby; Frankish, John, 5WA Ferraby; Flowers, Reverend Field, Tealby; Holt, ifcve-John Mussendine, Keelby; Hensley, Reverend Charles, Cabourne; Hes, Francis Walwyn, JFbM Newton; lies, James Parkinson, Binbrooke; Lloyd, Reverend Robert Henry, iVortil Owersby; Marris, Thomas, Ulceby; Nelson, George, Great Limber; Nainby, Charles Manby, Barnoldby-le-Beck; Nainby, Richard, Barnoldby-le-Beck; Overton, Reverend Isle Grant, Rothwell; Richardson, William, Great Limber; Richardson, John Maunsell, Orazf Limber; Torr, William, Aylesby; Underwood, William Henry, Somerby; Wright, William, Newton; Young, Thomas Arthur, Kirkby-cum-Osgodby; Spencer Cook Ashlin Sand-toft, William Chapman Coleby Hall, Reverend John Edward Cross Appleby, Winter Cockill Belton, Thomas Fox Embleton-Fox Northorpe, Esquire, Cornelius Maw Crowle, Reverend Edward Mitford Weigall Frodingham, Reverend John White Grayingham, William Winter Belton; Anderson, John, Howell; Chaplin, Henry, Blankney; Cameron George Thomas, Heckington; Fieldon, Oswald, Leasingham; Hunter, David, Howell; Luara, Octavius, Aunsby; Latham, Frederick, Helpringham; Little, William> Heckington; Le Blanc, Charles, Roxholme; Mason, Henry Brookland, Navenby; Shannon, Frederick William, Quarrington; Shuttleworth, Joseph, North Hykeham; Snow, Benjamin, Burton Pedwar-dine; Sugden, Frank, Great Hale; Wheat, Samuel, Thorpt Tinley; Barnardeston, Arthur, Metheringham; Fane, Reverend Arthur, Fulbeck, Lincolnshire; Hampson, Reverend William Seymour, Stubton, Lincolnshire; the Recorder, Mayor, Aldermen, and Magistrates of the Borough of Stamford, Orlando Edmonds Esquire, Spencer Pratt Esquire, M.D., John Torkington Esquire, Joseph Thomas English Esquire, John Groves Esquire, Thomas Wood-hound Ashby Esquire, George Cayley Esquire, Thomas Hatfield Esquire, George Hunt Esquire, Henry Whincup Esquire, Edward Browning Esquire, Samuel Allenby Esquire, of Cadwell% William Henry Harrold Esquire, of Atterby, Joseph Kinder Welbourn.

For the City of London.

Henry Pound, 81 and 82, Leadenhall Street, John Pound, 64, Leadenhall Street, Edward Nash, 15 and 16, Aldgate, Robert Jackson, 65, Leadenhall Street, Charles Garland, 48, Leadenhall Street, Hugh MfCalmont Crown Court, Philpot Lane, Robert M'Calmont Crown Court, Philpot Lane, James Peek, 20, East Cheap, Henry William Peek, 20, East Cheap, Henry Hucks Gibbs, 15, Bishopsgate Street Within, Kirkman, Daniel Hodgson, 8, St. Helen's Place, Sampson Lucas, 13, New Broad Street, Henry Robinson, 12, Wailing Street, Alfred

Christy,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 47$>

Christy, 85, Gracechurch Street, George Christy, 35, Gracechurch Street, Thomas Thornton Swan Wharf, William Thornton West Swan Wharf, Richard Thornton West Swan Wharf,

Nehemiah Griffiths, 2, White Hart Court, Lombard Street, Alfred Chapman, 14, Austin Friars, Fredrick Harrison, 21, Threadneedle Street, Robert Wigram Crawford, 71, Broad Street, Fredrick Pattison, 57\, Old Broad Street, George Joachim Goschen, 12, Austin Friars, Francis Hart Dyke, 5, Dear?* Court, Doctors Commons, Henry Hussey Vivian Castle Baynard Wharf, Upper Thames Street, Edward Budd Castle Baynard Wharf, Upper Thames Street, John Falshaw Paweon, 9, St Paul's Churchyard, Thomas Hill Frampton,

5, Bow Churchyard, Philip Augustus Browne, 30, Wood Street, Richard Fownes Wingrove,

30, Wood Street, Samuel Morley, 18, Wood Street, David Evans, 1, Wood Street, David Evans, junior, 1, Wood Street, William Augustus Chaplin, Booking Office, Gresham Street,

Charles Morrison, 104, Fore Street, William Rivell Spicer, 49, New Bridge Street, John Kemp Welch, 15, College Street, Henry Ransford, 15, College Street, William Evitt junior,

15, College Street, Joseph Walton, 15, College Street, John Walter Printing House Square,

Blackfriars, Ralph Charles Price William Street, Blackfriars, Arthur James Price William Street, Blackfriars, James Spicer, 19, New Bridge Street, Blackfriars, Henry Tritton, 54,

Lombard Street, Charles Magniac, 3, Lombard Street, Samuel Edwards, 25, Fenchurch Street,

Hugh Mackay Matheson, 3, Lombard Street, David Ward Chapman, 65, Lombard Street,

Arthur George Chapman, 65, Lombard Street, Charles White, 10, Lime Street, John White,

10, Lime Street, Frederick White, 10, Lime Street, John Bousfield, 126, Houndsditch, Robert Bousfield, 426, Houndsditch, Riversdale William Grenfell, 27, Upper Thames Street, Pascoc du Prd Grenfell, 27, Upper Thames Street, George Field, 25, Mark Lane, George Hanbury,

25, Mark Lane, James Cook, 41, Mincing Lane, Samuel Smith Travers, 19, Swithins Lane,

William John Hall, Custom House Quay, Lower Thames Street, Thomas Spencer Hall,

Custom House Quay, Lower Thames Street, William White, 68, Cheapside, James Brand,

37, Old Broad Street, Patrick Charles Leckie, 10, Copthal Court, Richard Durant junior,

10, Copthal Court, William Sargeson Jackson, 65, Leadenhall Slreet, Lewis Glenton Water Lane, Tower Street, George Robert Bengough, Corner of St Paul's Churchyard, Thomas Abraham, 9, New Broad Street, James Anderton, 20, New Bridge Street, John Derby Alcroft, 97, Wood Street, William Beale Jefferies Square, George Coryndon Begbie, 10,

Coleman Street, Edward Jennings Blunt Fenchurch Street, Thomas Bousfield St Mary Axe,

George Bone Minories, George Bowes, Jefferies Square, Richard Bradshaw Moorgate Street,

Richard Joseph Brook, 1, Poultry, Thomas Burrowes Pauts Wharf Upper Thames Street,

John Carter (Alderman), 60, Comhill, Robert James Chaplin, 25, Aldersgate Street, Thomas Cotterell, 99, Shoe Lane, Benjamin Godwin Davis Fenchurch Street, Joseph Cockfield Dimsdale, 49, Comhill, John Dudgeon, London Street, James Figgins, 17, West Street,

John Porter Foster, 47, Wood Street, Richard Foster, 42, Moorgate Street, Robert Nicholas Fowler, 50, Comhill, William Case Fowler, 46, Aldersgate Street, Edwin Goodhugh Fox,

44, Coleman Street, Charles Gaimes, 22, Bircliin J^ane, Edward Garland Leadenhall Street,

John George, 4, Skinner Street, Samuel Gibbins, 1, Castle Street, Lawrence Lane, William Robert Grossmith, 475, Fleet Street, Henry Haines, 38, Moorgate Street, Robert Palmer Harding, 3, Bank Buildings, James Harvey, 73, Holborn Hill, Charles James Heath Crutched Friars, John Bamewell Herring, 40, Aldersgate Street, Jesse Hobson, 48, Moorgate Street, Henry Hoppe, 3, Sun Court, Comhill, John Hudson Fenchurch Buildings,

Henry Aaron Isaacs Saint James's Place, John Saunderson Jackson Leadenhall Street, Hugh Jones, 108, Wood Street, James Patteshall Jones Fenchurch Street, John Kearns Red Lion Wharf, John Knowles, 42, Moorgate Street, Herbert Lloyd, 26, Milk Street, Anthony Locke, 24, Basinghall Street, William Lobb M.D., 12, Aldersgate Street, James Lusher, 49,

Holborn, Andrew LuBk, 62, Fenchurch Street, Charles Maw, 44, Aldersgate Street, Edward Midwinter, 68, Snow Hill, Samuel Dance Morey, 3, Poultry, Assur Henry Moses Aldgate,

Joseph Moses Leadenhall Street, John Ashley Mullens Lombard Street, William Herbert Mullens Lombard Street, William Munt, 84, Wood Street, Alfred Benjamin Pearce, 23,

Ludgate Hill, George Stanbury Pedler, 499, Fleet Street, Benjamin Samuel Phillips (Alderman) Newgate Street, Richard Nathaniel Phillips Temple, John Pickering, 30, Little Moorfields, John Preedy, 2, Fleet Street, William Henry Roberts, 24, Moorgate Street,

Charles Joseph Roby, 24, Moorgate Street, William Anderson Rose (Alderman), 66, Upper Thames Street, John Sari, James Ebenezer Saunders the younger, 9, Finsbury Circus,

Joseph

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Joseph Savory, 9, Cortikill, George fecanlell, W, Skinner Street, John Sewell, 48, Fore Street, Cripplegate Without, John Sewell, £5, Aldersgate Street, David Shrewsbury, 52, Comhill, George Sims, /50, Aldersgate Street, Thomas Early Smith Houndsditch, Henry Sterry, "2, Finsbury Circus, Horatio Stringer Leadenhall Street, Richard Leape Aldgate, William Huisman Teulon Cooper's Row, Henry Sykes Thornton, 2/, Birchiu Lane, Thomas Trelpar, 42, Ludgate Hill, Francis Wyatt Truscott Suffolk Lane, Henry Wellington Vallance, x/2, Tokenhouse Yard, John Venables Aldgate, William Verry, 52, Great Tower Street, Henry Vyse, 75, Wood Street, George Walter, /0, SAoe Lane, Alfred James Waterlow, 24, Birciiin Lane, Walter Blandford Waterlow, 24, Birchin Lane, Thomas Webber, 5/. 52, Lombard

Street, Robert Williams, 20, Birchin Lane.

For the City ^Westminster and Liberties thereof, and Offices executed in Westminster 1

Hall.

John Stephen Storr King Street, Rayner Storr A?n</ Street, John James Smith Ajwy Street, John Brogden Henrietta Street, William Barringer Henrietta Street, Charles Ellis Bedford Street, William Berrall Bedford Street, George Norman Maiden Lane, Janies Allon Edwards, Chandos Street, Henry George Poole, 4, Old Burlington Street, George Claudius Ash, 9, Broad Street, Golden Square, Thomas Davis, 42, Regent Street, William Cox, 53, Jermyn Street, James Winter the younger, 4Q4, War dour Street, John Elam, 33, Sackville Street, Robert Hook Esquire, 4 6, St James's Street, William Addis, 7, Leicester Street, Leicester Square, John Rogers, 392, Oxford Street, Robert Wilson, 48, Wardour Street, Soho, William Wilson, 48, Wardour Street, Soho, John Boydell Gibson, 8, New Coventry Street, Leicester Square, William Grimwood Mantle, /, Leicester Square, Frederick Hardwick Johnson, 2/ and 22, Grafton Street, Soho, Joseph Bennett, 47, Eccleston Square, Pimlico, Ernest Oswald Coe, 7a, Brook Street, Grosvenor Square, Honourable Arthur Duncombe, 58, Grosvenor Street, Wright Ingle, 7, South Street, John Mitchell, 33, Old Bond Street, Henry Padwick, 2, Hill Street, William Price, 2, Saint George's Terrace, Sir John Villiers Shelley Baronet, 43, South Street, Edward Samuel Snell, 27, Albemarle Street, Peter Squire, 277, Oxford Street.

For the Rest of the County of Middlesex. 1 1

Captain Edward Barnett, 44, Woburn Square, Robert George Hennell, 4, Southampton Street, John Hutley, /, High Street, Henry Manning, 254, Holborn, Christopher Metcalfe, 46, Southampton Row, Joseph Peacock, 45, Bloomsbury Square, John Stevens Pullen, 4<5, Woburn Place, John Farquhar Shaw, 27, Southampton Row, Adam Rivers .Steele, 44, Bloomsbury Square, Henry James Turner, 8, Broad Street, John Worthington, 49, Bernard Street, Sir John William Hamilton Anson Baronet, Portland Place, William Hunter Bailee Upper Harley Street, Charles Edward Barlow Portman Street, James Bass Hare-wood Square,

Frederick JJenham Welbeck Street, Isaac Bird Seymour Place, Edmund Boulnoip King Street, Edwin Burton Oxford Street, Reverend William Cadman Albany Terrace^.F rederiek Chqi-nock Mansfield Street, James Henry Dark St. John's Wood Road, George Edwards N(ewmgn Street, Charley Rivers Freeling Upper Harley Street, Charles Edward Green, Blandford Street, Thomas Webb Greene upper Whnpole Street, Matthew Hall St. John's Wood Roof, George Head Upper Baker Street, Peter Hood Lower Seymour Street, Wharton Pet^r Hood Lower Seymour Street, William Hutchons Milton Street, Richard K. Inman Upper Hamilton Terrace, Charles Hansard Keene York Terrace, Roger Kynaston Jpevonski^e Street, Thomas Lazenby Edwards Street, Reverend Charles Dallas Marsden Montagu Square, George Munday Great Portland Street, Timothy Painter Edwards Street, Thomas Samuel Ray Great Castle Street, Ellis Reeve Montague Square, Edmund Rushworth Carlton Hi{l, Richard Stilcman Orchard Street, James Tavener, Pine Apple Place, Il^nry Carre Tuckjer Finchley Road, William Twiuberrow Edwards Street, Thomas Bennett Spenpe, Archer Terrace, Limehouse, Ship Builder, John Dicker West India J)ock Road, Id alehouse, fawn-broker, John Holt, Broad Street, Ratcliff, Brewer, Ashley Willinott Barrett London House, Ratcliffe, Miller, John Charrington Shadwell, Coal Merchant, Robert Charles Taylor Iliyli Street, Shadwell, Plumber, Robert Stephenson High, Street, Wapping, Biscuit Baket, William Maud High Street, Wapping, Hoop Bender, John Watson Knight Cleveland Square, Paddington, John Tirqbrell Pierce Verulam Buildings, Gray's Inn, Thomas Dry ploucesfer

(Ml-

481

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Road, Regents Park, Robert Attenborough Avenue Road, Regents Park, Henry Reeves Woburn Square, Matthew Flower Norfolk Crescent, Hyde Park, James Watson Endsleigh Street, Saint Pancras, Edward Ward Claremont Square, Henry Liggins Ladbrook Square, Baysicater, Richard Freston Brettingham Carlton Road, Edward Weyman Wadeson Tavistock Square, John Cheek Marylebone Road, Christopher Pelly Lochner Gloucester Crescent, Hyde Park, Thomas Arbuthnot Whitter Westbourne Street, Paddington, Jamies Nash Cow Cross Street, Saint Sepulchre, Stephen Hoole North Hill, Highgate, fNilliam Barrett West Place, Johns Row, Saint Luke, James Andrews Northampton Park, Islington, Henry Rydon Pyrland House, Highbury New Park, James Dear Hornsey Lane, Islington, Charles James Sanderson Hornsey Lane, Islington, Charles Sisson Marquis ViHas, Islington, Denis McDonald Pentonville Road, Richard Henry Jones Holford Square, Clerkenwell, John Dale Chiswell Street, Finsbury, James Telfer Whitecross Street% Saint Luke, J^hn Brown Lower Whitecross Street, Saint Luke, George E. J. P. King Finsbury Square, Alfred Walker Pear Tree Street, Saint Luke, John Wilson Lever Street, Saint Luke, Perciyal Champion Stamford Hill, Richard Ashby Stamford Hill, Reverend Augustus Clissold Stoke Newington, Matthew Horwood Stoke Newington, John Twells Stoke Newington, Felix Hampl Stoke Newington, William Nevill Stoke Newington, Thomas Howse Stoke Newington, George Crawshay Friern Barnet, George Kanes Smith Friern Barnet, John Miles Friern Barnet, Reverend Thomas Reader White Finchley, Harris Heal Finchley, Samuel Plucknett Finchley, John Orme Finchley, Ebenezer Homan Finchley, George Osman Finch ley, Thomas Dakin Alderman, Hornsey, Joseph Clarke North Hill, Highgate, William Revell Spicer Highbury Place, Islington, James Wagstaff Highbury Lodge, Islington, Drew Wood Finsbury Square, Robert Major Holborn Braganza Villas, Canonbury, Alfred Groom Alwyne Road, Canonbury, Henry Hugh Elder Lonsdale Square, Islington, Charles William Davis The Porch, Northampton Park, Islington, Henry Carington Bowles Bowles Enfield, James Patershall Jones Enfield, Robert Peake Enfield, David Henry Enfield, William Marshall Enfield, 'William Walker Enfield, William Hobbs Enfield, Charles Hadington Hanbury Enfield, Henry Nash Edmonton, Richard Booth Smith Edmonton, Edward Boards Edmonton, George Goss Tottenham, Charles P. Millard Tottenham, Rev&'end John Edward Gray Wembly, Harrow, George Hansard Edgware, Reverend Leopold John Bernays Great Stanmore, James Cottam Edgware, Thomas Cave Mill Hill, Hendon, Captain Dent Ilighwood Hill, Hendon, James Campbell Grove House, Hendon, Daniel William Hill Pinner, George Mayall Pinner, Thomas Hewitt Cricklewood, Hendon, John Billing Elstree, Thomas Spalding Shire Hall, Hendon, Charles Drury Edward Fortnum, Great Stcuimore, Edward Colyer No, i t, Fenchurch Street, London, Matthew John Ilarpley Kingsbury, Reverend Thompson Podmore Elstree, Reverend Thomas Wall Edgware, William Wilson Elstree, John Falsh^w Pawson Mill Hill, Hendon, Charles Keyser Great Stanmore, John Henville Hulbert Grept Stanmore, William Corbett Kingsbury, James Marshall Goldbeaters, Henfipn, Thomas Papl Ormond House, Cricklewood, Middlesex, Charles Anderson Rockhall Terrace, Cricklewood, Middlesex, John Earle Edgware House, Little Stanmore, Middlesex, Samyel Lawrence Gill Campbell Terrace, Bow Road, George Dames Osborne Street, Whitechapel, Algernon Sidney Yandenberg Bethnal Green Road, Joseph Ebenezer Massingham Bethnal Green Roaejt, George John Amsden Critchill Place, Hoxton, Peter Lodwick Burchill MB, Kingslayd Road, James Edmunds Spital Square, John Chambers Trafalgar Place, Hackney Road, Charles Jaconabe junior, Springfield\ Upper Clapton, Thomas Early Smith Buccleuch Teirace,

, Upper Clapton, James Bowley Poplar, John Charington Upper Clacton, Thomas Brys King's Bench Walk, Temple, James Slim Spital Square, Henry Bowring Upper Clapton, George Roper Shoreditch, Thomas Stone Spital Square, William Anthony Tharp Spital Square, William Bennet Bailey Spitalfields, John Weils Princes Street, Mile End New Town, Charles Gadsdon Union Street, Old Artillery Ground, Thomas Craven Red Lion Street, Whitechapel, William Stran Leman Street, Whitechapel, George Burnell High Street, Whitechapel, William Henry Gingell Whitechapel

For the County of MonmoUtk > ? | / f //

Frederick Lewis Bird Esquire, Goytrey House, Richard Au^s^us, Goyfrey

lloifse, Arthur Davies Berrington Esquire, Panty Goitre, William Llewelfin Esquire, Glen Hern, Pontypool, Reverend Arthur Montagu Wyatt Incumbent of the Parish of Penrose in 26 & 27 VICT. 3 P the

482

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

the County of Monmouth* Clerk, Reverend William Price Vicar of the Parish of Llnnarth in the County of Monmouth, Clerk, Reverend Kenyon Homfray Perpetual Curate of the Parishes of Llangoven and Penyclawdd in the County of Monmouth, Clerk, Thomas Palmer Parr Marsh of Coed Cefn in the Parish of Tregare in the County of Monmouth, Esquire, Robert Bateman Esquire, BirthoUy, Llantrissant, Daniel Estbury Partridge Esquire, Usk, Richard Brown Rodin Esquire, Usk, Hopton Addams Williams Esquire, Llangilly, Riohard William Stretton Esquire, Brinderman, Francis McDonnell Esquire, Usk, Lorenzo Augustus Homfray Esquire, Malpas, Thomas Latch Merchant, Newport, Charles Lyne Esquire, Newport, Charles Lewis Merchant, Neicport, George Barkley Gething Esquire, Neicport, William Evans Esquire, The Fields, Neicport, George Jones Shipbroker, Newport, Edward James Phillips Esquire, Newport

For the Borough of Thetford *

James Cronshey, Cornell Henry Fison, Henry Houchen,

For the County of Norfolk.

Reverend Frederick Jackson West Lynn, Clerk, Reverend George Grogan Clenchwarton, Clerk, William Clifton King's Lynn, Gentleman, James Walker Terrington Saint Clements, Gentleman, John Newcome Wright Terrington Saint Clements, Gentleman; Jarman, Patrick, Wiggenhall Saint Germans, Gentleman; William Wright Walpole Saint Peter, Gentleman, Reverend Michael Angelo Atkinson Clerk, Fakenham, Norfolk, Robert Hamond Esquire, Fakenham, Norfolk, Edmund Kent Solicitor, Fakenham, Norfolk, Edward Drosier Rudge M.D., Fakenham, Norfolk, Robert Sillett Wine Merchant, Fakenham, Norfolk, George Watson Solicitor, Fakenham, Norfolk, Reverend James Lee Warner Fakenham, Norfolk, Robert Gilbert the younger, Esquire, Ashby Hall near Rockland, Reverend Henry Alfred Barrett Rector, Chedgrave, Anthony Hamond Esquire, Westacre, Norfolk, Anthony Hamond junior, Esquire, Westacre, Norfolk, Robert Elwes Esquire, Congham, Norfolk, Reverend John Freeman Clerk, Ashwicken, Norfolk, George Howe Folkes Esquire, Hillington, Norfolk, Reverend Henry Browne Folkes Clerk, Hillington, Norfolk, Thomas Edward Bagge Esquire, Gaywood, Norfolk, Henry John Coldham Esquire, Anmer, Norfolk, Reverend George Lewis Wilmot Horton Clerk, Garboldingham, Norfolk, Reverend John Fitzherbert Bateman Clerk, South Lopham, Norfolk, Charles Browne Goldson Esquire, Blonorton, Norfolk, Charles Cockell Esquire, Bridgham, Norfolk; Copeman, George Rickard, Hemsby; Ensor, Charles Peploe, Rollesby; Hume, William Burnley, Winterton; Hammond, Richard, Great Yarmouth; Lacon, Edmund Broughton Knowles, Ormesby; Lucas, Reverend Charles John, Burgh; Waters, William, Herringby; Honourable Francis Stafford Jermingham Cossey, Reverend Edward Gurdon Rainham Broom, Reverend William Burr Hamard Hingham, Reverend Henry Louche Great Melton, Reverend Francis Raikes Carlton Forclive, Charles Nor gate Kethersett, William Cann Wramplingham, John Howlett Bowthorpe, Thomas Edward Amyot Diss, Thomas Edward Wallace Diss, George Lyus Diss, Charles Farrow Hiss, William Francis Jex Blake Little Dunham, Norfolk.

For the Town of Northampton.

William Strong, John Archbold Godfrey, Henry Philip Markham, John Baron Howes, Christopher Hughes, William Brooks Gates, William Harrison Barwell, William Hollis, William Thomas Higgins, William Griffiths Hollis, William Dennis, John Jeffery, James Frederick Klitz, Edmund Francis Law, Robert Brice, Pickering Phipps, John Phipps the younger, William Roberts, James Whiting, John Becke, William John Peirce, Richard Howes, John Macquire, George Rands, John Knight Higgins, Thomas Osborn, Robert Bartram, Martin Alexander Boeme, Alfred Page, Frederick Bostock, James Butterfield, George James De Wilde, Cooper Cardwell, Joseph Colledge, Thomas Lindsey Cordeux, Mark Dorman, Dayrell John Thomas Francis M.D., John Henry Webster M.D., Thomas Godfrey, John Russell Groom, Edward Charles Groom, John Buswell Hensman, William Hill, John Kightley, Thomas Phillips, William George Phillips, Nathaniel Wells Freeman, Francis Mulliner, James Berridge Norman, William Perrin, John Perry the younger,

William

e

483

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

William Thomas Portal, Captain Thomas Rose, Thomas Shepard, William Shoosmith, George Smith, Thomas Smith, Frederick Stimpeon, Henry Terry the younger, John Middleton Vernon, James Wetherell, George Norman Wetton, Philadelphus Jeyes, William Terry, George Vials the elder, Joel Edens, Henry Harday, Richard Phipps, James Barry, Edwin Barry, William Mills, Thomas Pressland, Henry Mobbs, Samuel Edward Perkins, Thomas Hanson, Robert Sandall, William Bird, James Abel, Jonathan Dadford.

For the Rest of the County of Northampton.

John Henry Lowndes Braunston, Northamptonshire, Reverend Randolph Skipwith Whilton Rectory, Northamptonshire, Reverend Henry Lindsay Kettering, Clerk, Reverend Thomas Hey cock Pytchley, Clerk, Reverend Abiathar Hawkes Rushton, Clerk, John Wetherall Geddington, Esquire, Thomas Wetherall Loddington near Kettering, Esquire, Reverend Charles Edward Bowlby Stanwick, C7erA, Reverend Henry Dale Trilby, Clerk, Thomas Mercer Hears Ashby, Gentleman, Reverend Frederick John Pizey Bozeat, C7erA, John Barneby Sargeaunt Stanwick, Esquire, Reverend Henry Smith Easton Maudit, Clerk, William Collingwood, Henry Hampden English, Arthur James Skrimshire CferA, Charles Isham Strong, Thomas James Walker M*D., John Yeoman, Reverend Robert Roberts Aldwinhle, Reverend Stuart Majendi Barnwell St, Andrew, Reverend Charles Christopher Spencer Benefield, Reverend John Henry Holdich Bulwick, Thomas Zodrell Phillips Cotter-stock, Reverend William Watson Cotterstock, William Goddard Jackson Duddington, William Goddard Jackson junior, Duddington, Reverend William Henry Charlton Easton, Reverend Alfred Augustus Longhurst Fotheringhay, Reverend John Fortunatus Stansbury D.D., Oundle, Herbert Staples Smith Oundle, George Maxwell Edmonds Oundle, Reverend Joshua Nussey Oundle, Reverend Richard Hodgson Pilton, Reverend Charles Hopkins Polebrook, Reverend Henry Thomas Liveing Tansor, Reverend Lewis F. Potter Thorpe Achurch, Reverend Frederick Manners Stopford Titchmarsh, Henry Mossop Warmington, Reverend Edward Duprd Cliffe Regis.

For the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

Alexander Robertson Esquire Berwick-upon-Tweed, Thomas Allan Esquire Berwick-upon-Tweed.

For the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

John Anderson Saville Place, William Losh Anderson Saville Place, Joseph Anderson Westmorland House, Solicitor, Jonathan Angus, 24, Grey Street, Woollen Draper, Ralph Brown Grey Street, Banker, Christopher Dove Barker Mosley Street, Banker, Isaac Lowthian Bell, /5, Grey Street, Ironmaster, Henry Bell Grey Street, Ironmaster, Thomas Bell Grey Street, Ironmaster, Thomas William Brown Stock Bridge, Iron Merchant, William Edward Barnett Saint Nicholas Square, Banker, Thomas William Bulman Grey Street, Banker, Edward Culley Exchange Buildings, Corn Factor, Nathaniel George Clayton Sandhill, Solicitor, William Daggett Dean Street, Solicitor, Martin Dunn Arcade, Barrister-at+Law, George Anthony Fenwick Grey Street, Banker, Thomas Hedley New Road, Soap Manufacturer, Richard Hoyle Close, Merchant, Thomas Hodgkin Saint Nicholas Square, Banker, Richard Lambert Ellison Place, Joseph Laycock Close, Colliery Owner, Robert Ormston Lamb Quayside, Colliery Owner, Charles Lamb Quayside, Colliery Owner, Thomas Miller Mosley Street, Banker, John Philipson Eldon Square, John Robson Sandgate, Brewer, Robert Spence Saint Nicholas Square, Banker, Frederick Shaw Close, Merchant, Richard Swan Sandhill, Corn Merchant, John Taylor Lovaine Place, Edward Wylam Northumberland Street, Wine Merchant, Thomas Wilson, 24, Grey Street, Woollen Draper, John Anthony Woods Mosley Street, Banker.

For the County of Northumberland.

John Hogg Esquire, Cansey Park, William Hogg Esquire, Hazon, John Hogg junior, Esquire, Hazon, Robert Wade Fawdon Esquire, Tugal, Ralph Gallilee Huggup Esquire, Shores ton, Ralph Atkinson Esquire, Greenhill, John Jackson Esquire, Fenwick, Honourable and Reverend Francis Richard Grey Morpeth, Honourable and Reverend William Charles

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Ellis Bothaly Reverend John Elphinqtone Elliott Whahon, Reverend Beiiby Porteus Hodg^ son Harlburyi, Reverend Johp. Pedder Meldon, Thomas Rochester Esquire, WhaUon* > Thorny Cram Gibson Wlialton, Joseph Straker Esquire, Wingates, Thomas Brewis Esquire Eshotty John Hogg Esquire, Cawsey Park, John Davison Esquire, Tritlington, Thornton > Raleigh Trevelyan Esquire, Vetherwitton, Thomas Gow Esquire, Combo, Joseph Crttwhall Esquire, Morpeth, James Hood Esquire, Morpeth, James Mitcheson Esquire, Morpeth, Nicholas Wright Esquire, Morpeth, Reverend Berkley Addison Carlton Place, George Anderson Benton, Joseph Anderson Benton, *SYr William George Armstrong Knight, C.Bf, Jesmondy Charles Armstrong Hawthorn Terrace, George Armstrong Heddon Banks, Thomas Goldsborough Anderson Zfyfor House, Joseph Armstrong Thomas Place, William;

Bainbridge Culler coats, John Moor Bates Heddon, Reverend Dr. Besly Longhenton, Thomas Burnup Jesmond Terrace, Christopher Dove Barker Carlton Place, Thomas Barker Roselta, Place, Nathaniel George Clayton Jesmond, Charles Henry Cook Benwell, Thomas Emerson, Gf&whall Benwell, William D. Cruddass Scotswood, John Dale iVorfA Shields, Pete^r Dale . North Shields, Robert Richardson Dees Wall send, William Daggett Victoria Terrace, Ralph Dodds Elswick, John Dryden Camp Terrace, John William Fenwick Preston, Robert Hawthorn Benwell, William Hawthorn Elswick, Thomas Hedley Coxlodge; Hansell, Robert, Murton House; Richard Hoyle Denton, Edward Liddell Longhenton, Henry Liddell Long-henton, William Lister Elswick, John Liddell Benwell, Thomas Carr Lietch North Shields, Charles T. N: Mather Elswick, Joseph Mather Elswick, William A. Mather Elswick, Reverend William Maughan Benwell, Henry Milvain Elswick, John Walker May eon Tynemouth, Anthony Nichol Jesmond Terrace, Charles Mark Palmer Jesmond Terrace, William Plaro Fenham, Addison Potter West Chirton, Edward Potter Tynemouth, Hadurn Bragg Priestman Benwell, Henry Parker Elswick, Charles John Reed Newbiggen, James Shield Benwell; Smith, Thomas Eustice, Gosforth; Joseph Snowball Seaton Burn, William Robert Swan Wallsend, Henry West Jesmond, John Anthony Woods Benton, Matthew Charles Woods Jesmond, Emanuel Young Preston.

For the County of Nottingham.

William Lewis Domenichetti Esquire, North Collingham, George Fillingham Esquire, Syerston, William Henry Coape Oates Esquire, Besthorpe, John Plumptre Ramsden Esquire, Cromwell, Charles Wilde Sherlock Esquire, Farndon, Henry Charlton Staunton Esquire, Staunton, dames Thorpe Esquire, Beaconfield, Reverend Thomas Fawsett Clerk, East Stoke, Reverend John Ash Gaussen Clerk, Rolleston, Reverend William Handley Clerk, Winthorpe, Reverend Charles Benjamin Lowe Clerk, South Collingham, Reverend Charles Nevile Clerk, Fledborough, Reverend Samuel Turner Clerk, North Collingham, Reverend Joseph Banks Wright Clerk, Shelton, Reverend Joseph Walker Clerk, Averham, Robert Mackie Watson Mansfield, Richard Fitzherbert Nettleworth, Charles Siely Brock Hill Hall, John Chaworth Musters Amesley Hall, Henry Frederick Walter Papplewick Hall, William Frederick Webb Newstead Abbey, Thomas Parkinson Hexgreave Park, Richard Leaver Hpwitt Farnsfield, Thomas'Maltby Hoveringham.

For the City of Oxford,

Johri Crews Dudley, Richard James Spiers, Thomas Randall, William Walsh, James Hughes.

For the Rest of the County of Oxford.

Reverend John William Lockwood Kingham, Reverend Samuel Henry Russell Charlbury, Henry Dawkins Over Norton, William Bliss Chipping Norton, William Simpkins Hitchman Chipping Nor^oTh Abram Lindon Rawlinson Chipping Norton, John Ward Chadlington, Aris Henry Nourse Coggs near Witney in the County of Oxford, Clerk, Reverend Charles Rede Clifton Clerk, North Aston, Reverend Philip Hookins Clerk, Great Barford, Reverend Francis Garrett Wilson Clerk, Upper Worton, Reverend William Green Clerk, Steeple Barton* Reverend Edmund Leopold Lockyer Clerk, Westcott Barton, Reverend Jenner Marshall Clerk, Westpott Barton, Reverend Archibald Malcolm Clerk, Dunstew, Reverend f Charles William Marsh Bartholomew Clerk, Glympton, Reverend John Geoffrey Browne

4§5

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Clerk, Kiddington, Reverend Henry Duke Harington Clerk, South Newington, Reverend Charles Steers Peel Clerk, Rousham, Reverend John James Campbell Clerk, Greats Tew, Reverend George William St. John Clerk, Woodstock, Reverend Richard William Higgs Clerk, Handborough, Reverend Lancelot Arthur Sharpe Clerk, Tackley, Reverend John Henry Brookes Clerk, Steeple Aston.

For the County of Rutland.

Brown, Reverend Bentley, Pilton; Conant, Edward Nathaniel, Esquire, Lyndon; Dennis, Reverend Philip, Gretton, North Luffenham; Finch, Henry Randolph, Esquire, Burley; Fhiyder, Charles, Esquire, Ayston; Hoskins, Reverend Charles Thomas, Clipsham; Lowther, William, Esquire, Barleythape; Lucas, Reverend Charles, Edith Weston; Orme, Charles Cave John, Esquire, Oakham; Place, Reverend Joseph, Great Casterton; Smith, Reverend Barnard, Glaston; Simpson, Reverend William, Hirst Lyndon; Twining, Reverend James, Little Casterton; Wingfield, Reverend Harry Lancelot, Market Overton; King, William, Esquire, Market Overton; William Henry Heathcote Esquire, North Luffenham.

For the Borough of Ludlow *

William Edward Brettell Vaughan, Edward Foster, Rodney Anderson, Ambrose Grimels, William Harding, John Smith, John Cranstoun, William Nuwich, Richard Marston, Reverend John Phillips, John Minors Kilveol, Charles Harper, Richard Marston.

For the County of Salop.

William Purton of The Woodhause in the Parish of Woodhouse near Cleobury Mortimer in the Cofmty of Salop, Esquire, Charles Richard Somers Cocks of the Parish of Neen Savage in the County of Salop, Clerk, Thomas Woodward of the Parish of Hopton Wafer in the County of Salop, Esquire, Arthur Trevor Jebb The Lyih, Ellesmere, Richard Wynn the elder, Ellesmere, Robert Middleton Dymock Ellesmere, Charles George Wingfield Esquire, Onslow, Reverend James Baldwyn Pugh Yockleton, William Reynolds Anstioc Ironbridge, Solicitor, Ralph Benson Lutwyche, Esquire, Charles James Ferriday Madeley, Esquire, Robert Henry Anstiee Madeley Wood, Esquire, Reverend Frederick Henry Hotliam Rushbury, Clerk, Reverend Henry Raymond Smythies Easthope, Clerk, Henry Oakeley Esquire, Roveries Hall in the Parish of Lydham in the County of Salop, Reverend John Francis Hetschell Bishops Castle, Salop, Rector of Mainstone, Salop, Joseph Newill the elder, Esquire, Lydbury, North, Salop.

For the City of Bath.

John Stone, 5, Augusta Place, Samuel Edward Day Tivoli House, Greenaway Lane, William' Ford Benuet, 14, Devonshire Buildings, Anthony Hammond Norfolk Crescent, Charles Moon Cambridge Place, Bath, Gentleman, George Edwards, 41, Cleveland Place, Bath, Wine Merchant, William Abraham Cox, 54, New King Street, Bath, Surgeon, James Green Devonshire Cottage, Bath, Gentleman, John William Tampler, /, Bathwick Terrace, Bath, Gentleman, James Hooper, 7, Elm Place, Bath, Gentleman, John Augustus Lloyd Bennet Street, Hath, Doctor of Medicine, Thomas Fuller, 6, Richmond Hill, Bath, Gentleman, George Moger Lyncombe House, Bath, Banker.

For the Division of Wells Forum.

John Giffard Everett Wells, John Belfour Plowman, Charles Compton Pratt Major-General, Thomas Harris Roach, Henry Coles, Richard Holman, Stephen Fry, John Gabriel French, Henry William Livett.

For the City of Wells!

John Giffard Everett, Joseph Parsons, Albion Andrews, William Dore, Francis Fry, Hugh Graham Marshall, John Gabriel French, Henry William Livett, Robert Dempster, William Chester Berrymen.

For

486

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

For the Rest of the County of Somerset,

William Burchall Peren Compton, South Petherton, John Rutter Hminster, Desmond Adair Heatherton Park, Henry James Alford Taunton, William Surtees Altham Stoke Saint Mary, Henry Jeffries Bad cock Taunton, Daniel Badcock Taunton, Edmund Chisholm Batten Thorne Falcon, George Beadon Creech Barrow, William Robinson Clark Clerk, Taunton, Charles Henry Cornish Taunton, Thomas Dawson Maryville, William Du Sautoy Clerk, Ualcon Lodge} William Giles Gatchell, Henry Grover Courtlauds, William Robert Hobson Pitminster Lodge, George Isaac Ilillmore, William Mar wood Kelly M.Df, Taunton, Edward Liddon M.D., Taunton, William Liddon Taunton, William Gunstone Maclean Frethy, Henry Mills Bishops Hull, William Palmer Elmfield, Harry Bethune Patton Staplegrove Lodge, Lionel Patton Comeytrowe, Charles F. Perkins Kingston, James Ilurly Pring M.D., Taunton, Henry W. Rawlins Bishops Hull, William Thomas Redfern Clerk, Taunton, William Easton Esquire, Taunton, Vincent John Reynolds Canons Grove, George Rogers Rough Moor, Frederick Jeremiah Smith Clerk, Taunton, Reverend Sainsbury Langford Sainsbury Beckington, Reverend Charles William Edgell Rodden, George Rishton Edgell Road, Reverend William Furneaux Berkley, Edward Henry Dickinson Berkley, Russell Duckworth Buckland Denham, Reverend William Church Whatley, Reverend James George Curry Fussell Whatley, Arthur Noad Road, Luke Perman Frame, Reverend Frederic De Gex Frame, Reverend Alfred Daniel Frome, James Whalley Dawe Thomas Wickham Frome, Philip Le Gros Frome, Charles Alston Messiter Barwick, George James Williams Prowse Yeovil, John Batten Yeovil, Henry Dallaway Beaumont Villa, Lansdown Road, John Stone, 5, Augusta Place, George Burningham Widcomhe Hill House, Charles Atkins, 16, Kensington Place, William Thompson, 12, Dunsford Place, all of Bath; Clement Bush Weston near Bath, Edmund Pontifex Audley Park Gardens, Weston near Bath, William Simpkins The Elms, Weston Park, Weston near Bath, Charles Hardcastle Abbot Gentleman, Long Ashton, Reverend William Annesley Clerk, Abbots Leigh, William Jerdone Braikenridge Esquire, Clevedon, William Henry Miles Esquire, Ham Green, Port-bury. Reverend Charles Frederick Norman Clerk, Portishead, Reverend Henry Tripp Clerk, Winford, Reverend Henry Tudway Clerk, Walton in Gordano, Reverend Edward O Tyler Clerk, Portbury, Robert Allford the younger of Cheddar, Henry Barker Weare, Clerk, Oliver Coathupe Axbridge, Harvey Malony Maple ton Badgworth, Clerk, William Towgood Uplands, Wrington, William Tucker Yatton, Charles Whitting Uphill, Lancelot St. Albyn Esquire, Alfoxton, Robert Poole Clerk, St. Decumans, (Coventry Warrington Carew Esquire, Crowcombe.

Charles Wickham Winchester, James Alfred Higgs Winchester, Arthur Paul Winchester, Reverend Henry Wray Winchester, Captain James Nicol Winchester, Edward Powell Winchester, William Smith Nicholson Chiltley, Liphook, Esquire, William Charles Rickman Lithe Hanger, Empshott, Esquire, George Edward Coryton Place House, Liss, Esquire, Joseph Mackrill Smith Stod/iatn, Liss, Esquire, Reverend John Maunoir Sumner The Rectory, Buriton, Colonel John Butler Empshott, Colonel Charles Butler Liphook, Bramshott, Captain Edward Hore Chawner Qreatham, John Greenwood Floud, Froxfield, Petersfield, Esquire, David Jones Warborne, Boldre, Esquire, Charles Walter Vicar's Hill House, Boldre, Esquire, Francis Henry Crozier The Elms, Boldre, Esquire, Charles Peyto Shrubb Vicars Hill, Boldre, Esquire, Hugh Montolieu Hammersley Ridgway, Lymington, Esquire, Richard Blanshard Fairfield, Lymington, Esquire, Rear-Admiral William Langford Castle Lymington, Samuel St. Barbe Lymington, Esquire, George Foster St. Barbe Lymington, Banker, George William Towsey Commander R.N., Lymington, Esquire, Robert Brown M.D., Kivernalls near Milford, Esquire, Hugh Richard Smith Barry Rookcliff, Milford, Esquire, William Talbot Agar Milford Lodge, Esquire, William Cornwallis West Newlands, Milford, Esquire, Warren Peacocke EffortI House, Milford, Esquire, Henry Fawcett Wainsfords, Milford, Esquire, Francis F. Lovell Hinchester, Brockenhurst, Esquire, Colonel Frederic Clinton Ashley Clinton, Milton, Esquire, William Barrow Simonds Abbots Barton, Winchester, Esquire, Charles Wooldridge Winchester, Esquire, Thomas Gunner Winchester,

For the County of Southampton and Isle of Wight

Esquire,

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 487

Esquire, Barrister-at-Law, Julian Bargus Tonge Otterborne, Esquire, Edward Edwards Bailey Kingsworthy, Esquire, William Ross Joi Down, Alresford, Esquire, Jacob Hagen Ropley House, Alresford, Esquire, Colonel William Greenwood Brookwood Park, Hinton,

Captain Charles Simeon North End House, Hursley, James Dear Winchester, Esquire,

Thomas Wingate Henderson Esquire, Rohe Manor, Rotnsey, William Everett Esquire,

Abbottswood, Romsey, Reverend William Henry Empson East Wellon near Ramsey, John Everett Esquire, Colbury House near Romsey, Charles John Tyler Esquire, Romsey, Francis Taylor Esquire, Romsey, Henry Sainsbury Esquire, M.D., Romsey, William Thomas Strong Romsey, Reverend James Davies Braishfield near Romsey, William Warden Bell Titchfield, Frank Bradshaw Abshott House, Titchfield, Lewis Conran Bishop's Waltham,

Thomas Morton Duckett Southsea, Walter Scott Dumergue Clerk, Fareham, Sir John Brocas Whalley Smy the Gardiner Baronet, Roche Cavit, Fareham, William Greene Catisfield,

Thomas Hodgkinson Southsea, Thomas Hore Catisfield, Thomas Forbes Kelsall Farekath,

John McCheane Portsmouth, Joseph O'Brien Fareham, George Order Rookesbury House,

Wickham, John Edward Paddon Fareham, John Friend Pratt Portsmouth, Frederick Smith Clerk, Fareham, Alfred Smith Shidfield House, Wickham, Thomas Thistlethwayte Southwick Park, George Everett of Clareville in the Parish of Penton Grafton, Hants, Esquire,

Allan Borman Heath of Saint Marybourne, Hants, Esquire, George Prowse of Knights Greham, Hants, Esquire, Henry Earlo Andover, Hants, Esquire* Reverend Thomas LasCelles Tremonger Goodworth Clatford, Hants, Clerk, Reverend Edward Frowd Upper Glatford,

Hants, Clerk

For the City and County of the City of Litchfield.

Richard Croft Chawner, Reverend Trevor Owen Jones Buraes Floyer Clerk

For the County of Stafford.

Augustus East Manley Esquire, Manley Hall, Lichfield, Staffordshire, Robert Thomas Kennedy Levett Esquire, Packington, Lichfield, Staffordshire, Philip Williams Esquire, Field House, Handsworth, Staffordshire, William Francis Gordon Esquire, Handsworth, Staffordshire, Henry Dawes Esquire, The Leveretts, Handsworth, Staffordshire, Joseph William Williams Esquire, Handsworth, Staffordshire, John James Russell Esquire, Hands-worth, Staffordshire, Thomas Thorneycroft Kesteven Esquire, Hamstead, Handsworth, Staffordshire, Randal Francis Tongue Croxall Esquire, Aldridge near Walsall, Staffordshire, and Shastokenear Coleshill, Warwickshire; Alcock, John, Cobridge, Bur stem; Adams, William, Greenfields; Adams, William, junior, Tunstall; Bridgwood, Sampson, Lightwood Lodge; Boulton, John, Hanley; Ball, William, Burslem; Baker, William, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Challinor, Charles, Oakhill, Stoke-upon - Trent; Copeland, Edward, Hartshill, Stoke-upon-Trent; Coghill, Harry, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Cartwright, William, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Cooper, Joseph, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Dickenson, Christopher, Hartshill, Stoke-upon-Trent; Dimmock, Josiah, Fenton Culvert; Dimmock, John, Hanley; Davenport, Henry, Maer Hall; Edwards, Richard, Dale Hall, Burslem; Elliott, Gilbert, Burslem; Glover, Alfred, Longton; Glover, Charles, Longton; Goddard, John H., Longton; Gordon, William Francis, Oakhill, Stoke-upon-Trent; Harvey, John Cottrill, Longton; Hall, James, Newcastle-under-Lyme; May, Charles Bower, SneydHouse, Burslem; Meakin, George, North-wood; Meakin, James, Northwood; Meigh, Charles, junior, Oulton and Hanley; Meigh, William Mellor, Ash Hall; Meigh, William, junior. Ash Hall; Meir, Henry, Tunstall; Nickisson, John, High Ojfiey, Eccleshall; Pratt, Joseph, Stoke-on-Trent; Shaw, Anthony, Newport House, Burslem; Thompson, Andrew, Keele; Turner, Samuel, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Tun-nicliffe, Frederick Warner, Eccleshall; Wedgwood, Godfrey, Trentham; Wedgwood, Clement, Barlaston; Williamson, "Robert, Tunstall: Wilkinson, Sparrow, Newcastle-under-Lyme; Charles Boothly New Lodge, Burton-on-Trent, Arthur Hinckley Stmve Hill, Lichfield; the Honourable Colonel Cecil Forrester Meaford Hall, Edward John Jervis Little Aston, Esquire, William Sharpe Matthews Stone, Common Brewer, Charles Hepburn Stone, Common Brewer, William Thompson Stone, Common Brewer, Frank Speakman Webb Stone, Common Brewer, Thomas Bostock Stone, Shoe Manufacturer, John Nickisson Stone, Com Merchant, George Moore Weston, Gentleman, Henry Tunnicliffe Yarlet, Corn Merchant, William

Moseley

26° & 27« vfcTO^i^r/c. 101:

\\ \. .., \ .' *, *' 1 > I *

Moseley the younger, Leaton Hall, Bobbington, Edward Westwood Moor Lam, Kingmtu* ford, Walter Robinson Gospel Oak, William Henry Rogers Wolverhampton, Henry Smith Earp Wolverhampton, William Edgeworth Gibbons Holbeche House, Kingswinford, Thomas ' White Oaken and Belston, Alfred Twentyman Tettenhall, Daniel Banton Seisdon, Srontud Loveridge Wolverhampton, Charles John El well Compton, George Dees UnflerhiR Wolverhampton, Joseph William Williams Holyhead Place, Handsworth, Walter Williams the younger, Wednesbury Oak, Tipton, Charles Collis Kingswinford, George Robinson Whiston, Wolverhampton, William Bourn Kingswinford, Cordy Manby Kingswinford, Thgmas Bagnall Penn, Henry Rogers Wolverhampton, William John Fox Esquire, iTttoxeter, Thomas Tibbits Esquire, Uttoxeter, Thomas Webb Esquire, Smallwood Manor, Reverend John Webb Smallwood Manor, Thomas Howe Esquire, Leigh, Thomas Pickering Esquire, Abbotts Bromley, Captain Arthur Finch Dawson Barrow Hill, John Fox.'/Bell Esquire, Woodland Hall, Thomas Bladen junior, squire, UttoxrtT, Godfrey Wedgewood , Barlaston, ManM-facturer. ': '<»i h

For the Borough of Dunwich.

William Casey of the Borough of Dunwich in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, George Dix of the said Borough of Dunwich, Esquire, John Forster of the City of London, Gentleman, Frederick Saint John Newdegate Barne of Grey Friars in Dunwich, Esquire, John Hutton of the Borough of Dunwich, Esquire, Richard Girling <rf Westleton in the County of Suffolk, Gentleman, John Wade of the Borough of Dunwich, Gentleman, John Chandler

of Yoxford in the County of Suffolk, Gentleman. 1 K ' v

W

r For the Town and Borough of Ipswich.

. -1.11 I

Reverend John Robson Ipswich, Clerk, Charles Henry Cowell Ipswich, Merchant \

For the Rest of the County of Suffolk.

Charles Edward Gibbs Esquire, Icklingham, Reverend Thorhas Edwird Abraham^ Clerk, Risby, Reverend H. Buckland Lott Clerk, Barton Mills, Reverend Thomas William Carwardine Clerk, Cavenham, Reverend Ezekiel Sparke Clerk, Tuddenham, Reverend William Singleton Worlington, Reverend Henry John Hasted Spfoughton, ' Clerk, "Reverend Edward Lockwood Belstead, Clerk, John Brooke Caple St Merry, Gentleman* Thonlas Haward* Sproughton, Gentleman, Henry Cobb old Frimley, Gentleman, Thomas illarwoOdl Belstead, Gentleman, Fiske Edward Brown Esquire, Beccles, Edward Deck Blyford HaLI near Holsworth, Reverend Robert Seppings Beloe Holton in Suffolk, Clei'k, William Reynolds Halesworth in Suffolk, Gentleman, Jonathan Hewlett Wisset in Suffolk, Gentleman, Reverend Alexander Ronald Grant Rector of Hitcham, Suffolk, Marton I^ob9rt Pocklington Esquire, Chelsworth, Suffolk., /

For the County of Surrey .;

John Bevington, William Hinckes Cox, Alfred Christie., Edward Daun, Robert Day/I Alfred Lafone, Foster Mortimore, Paul Margetson, Jonah Qastler/ John Peacock'/ Daniel Roberts, William Walter Smith, Edward Richard Sloe, all of Bermondsey # I Edward Layton, Joseph Henry Rolls, both of Streatham; Thomas Drake, William'* Powell, both of Camberwell; William Wainwright Clapham Common, Battersea, Charles N Lucas Clapham Common, Battersea, Henry Ravenhill Clapham Common, Battersea, > Richard Ravenhill Clapham Common, Battersea, Edwin Caldecott Clapham Common^ ' Battersea, Philip Cazenove Clapham Common, Battersea, Henry Sykes Thornton Clapham Common, Battersea, John Hodgson Clapham Common, Battened, Charles' Sumner Clapham Common, Battersea, John Timothy Oxley Clapham Common, Battersea, Edward Daun Tooting Graveney, Major-General Henry Clayton Tooting Graveney, Thomas Westall Cuthbert Tooting Graveney, George Frederick White West Hill, Wandsworth, John Jones West Hill, Wbndsworth, Charles Few West /////, Wands wort fi, John Reeve Wimbledon Park, Wandsworth, John Russel) Reeves Woodhays, Wimbledon, Sydney Smith Wimbfed&n Common, James Phillips Esquire, Claremont Lodge, Brixton^ Surrey,

Joseph

26? & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Joseph Freeman Esquiret, North House, North Street, Clapham, Surrey, William Dunnage Esquire, Albury House, Surbiton, Charles Evelyn Esquire, Surbiton, John Swynfen St. WiuGettt Jervis Esquire, Surbiton, George Vesey Esquire, Long Litton, William Cot-terill Esquire, Norbiton, Kingston, Captain James Macdougall Fir Grove, North Brixton, Henry Phillips 'Esquire, North Brixton, Lieutenant-Colonel James Hapsburg Macdonald

Heme Hill, William Henry Stone Esquire, Dulwich Hill.

, u '; '

For the Town and Port of Hastings *

William Scrivens High Street, Hastings, Gentleman.

, For the Rest of the County of Sussex *

Reginald Augustas Warren East Preston, George Lear Arundel, Charles Leslie SUnibn, Thomas Bonifece Arundel, George Curling Joad Patching, John Long Walberton, John Catt Lewes, Gentleman, John Fames Lewes, Gentleman, William Hampton Carelil Weekes Lennox Cottage, Hurstpierpoint, Surgeon, William Henry Ingram Lewes, Gentleman, William Kirby Johnson Langridge Lewes, Solicitor, John Latter Parsons

Lewes, ' Stonemason, Francis Yerrall Lewes, Brewer, Edwin Boxall Brighton.

\ - '

For the County of Warwick., i

Frederick Elkington Birmingham, Electro-Plater, Thomas Lane Birmingham, Gold Beater, Joseph Taylor Horton Edgbaston, Gentleman, John Boulton Sblikull, Gentlerkan, Reverend John Howe Knowle, Clerk in Holy Orders, Samuel Buckley Edgbaston, Merchant, Charles Featherstone Dilke Maxtoke, Esquire, Reverend George Fuller Thomas Butlers Marston, Thomas Henry Goodwin Newton Esquire, Barrells Hall, UllenhalL

For the County of Westmoreland.

Reverepd Thomas Holme Mar dale, Penrith, John Thwaytes Holes Foot, Crosby, Ravensyjortkf i \ >

, ^por the City of New Sarum* The Close of the same, and Clarendon Park *

John Style, Philip Watson Ottaway, Francis Attwood, Humphrey BJapkmore, ! Edward1 Thomas; Stevens, Richard Henry Rigden, John Pinckney, William Pinckney^ Jhhti Waters, Robert Stokes, James Read. —

4$9

Ml .A1

, 4 v For the Rest Of the County of Witts. ., s

Ambrose Awdry at Seend and Bath, Benjamin John Edwards HUpetfon, Robert *I Nicholas Fowler Elm Grove, Corsham, Reverend William Henry Pooke Keevil, Clerk, Samuel Augustus Sylvester, Bowerhill Lodge, Melksham, Reverend Thomas Henry Tait Hilperton, Clerk, Reverend James Erasmus Philipps Warminster, Reverend, George Fraiidis i Sydenham Pbwoll Sutton Veny, Reverend Johri William Hammond Codford Sty Mdry, Stephen' Neale Suttrn Verm, Herbert Ingram Codford St Peter, Christopher, Hefiry Ingraih Codford St. Piter, JimCs Chapman Warminster? James Hud Jen jBrodribb j Warrhintiter, John Tangier Yatesbxmj, Henry Neate Calite, Benjamin VBodman Baily Caltoe, .1 George Harris Calnt, Thomak Harris Caine, Reverend Alfred Charles Smith5 Clerk, Yalhsbury, John Washbdurn Brown Ujfcoti, John Gay Swindon, John Gay junior, \ Swindon, > William Frederick Gooch Swindon, Charles Sydney Hawkins Wroughton, k /ferCTrenrf: Henry Munn Luldington, Nevil Story Maskelyne Bassett Down, Edmund Story Maaketyte Bassett Down, Richard Strange Mannington. y

, \ For the City and \County of the City of Worcester. 1 ' 1. 1'' '

Alfred CTunes Sheriff . Thomas Ro, wley Hill, Joseph Firkins* Edward Wobbi(William Perries, Richard West, v Charles Lea, Charles, Dyson Perrin, , Edward James Lewis, ' Jdbn Swinton Isaac, George Edward, Martin, Martin Abell* .Peter Hardy, JoskdvSteUawh 26 & 27 Vict 27 Vict. ' 3 tl " For

490

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 10L

For the Rest of the County of Worcester.

John Lord Elmleu Park, Elmley Castle, Joseph Checketts Bcsford, Thomas Wight of Dudley, John Kitchen Henwick Grange, John Pickup Lord Hallow Park, John Wheeley Lea Lower Wick, Reverend William Thorne Clerk, Barbourne, Albert Hudson RoydB Crown East Court, Henry Allsopp Hindlip Hall, Thomas Chalk Barbourne, Herbert George Goldingham Newnham, James Reynolds Henwick Lodge, John Swinton Isaac Boughton Park, George pdward Martin Dripshill, Thomas Somers Cradley, John Pickernell Holt, Henry Crane Oakhampton, George Whittaker Caldwell, Thomas Adam6 Norton juxta Kenipsey, Reverend George Edmund Walker Clerk, Stoneton, Stanley Baldwin Esquire, Stourport, Enoch Baldwin Esquire, Stourport, Charles Harrison Esquire, Stourport, James Middlemore Northfield, Benjamin William Goode Kingsnorton, George King Harrison Hagley, John Cochrane The Grange, Stourbridge, Charles Cochrane Cutherwell House, Stourbridge, William Akroyd Parkfield House, Stourbridge, William Brown Brookfield House, Bellbroughton, Joseph Kiteley Summer Bankj Kidderminster, Thomas Lea The Larches, Kidderminster, Edward Morton Habberley, Kidderminster, Reverend Henry Bromfield, Chipping Camden.

John Lumsden Shipowner, Thomas Jackson Seed Crusher, John Thomas Dobson Wine Merchant, Michael Wrangles Clark Tailor and Draper, William Irving Merchant, William Cutt Woollen Draper, John Stanilaus Platford Brewer and Maltster, Frederick William Hudson Merchant and Shipowner, Michael Charles Peck Stationer, William Drant Gentleman, John Fountain Gentleman, William Peter McBride Wine Merchant, Atkinson Pickering Druggist, William Beatson Nightingale Tea Dealer, Samuel Lambert Grocer, John Easton Draper, John Rayner Banker, John George Wills Willows Seed Crusher, George Harrison Brewer and Spirit Merchant, John Love Seaton Merchant, Henry Frederick Smith Merchant, Andrew Duncan Seed Crusher, George Wright Merchant, William Hodge Seed Crusher, Charles Des Forges Wholesale Grocer, John Saner Gentleman, John Leaper Wine Merchant, Henry Parker Wine Merchant, John Saner the younger. Merchant and Shipowner, Francis Jackson, Merchant.

George Oldfield York, Samuel Bateman York, Robert Farrer York, Caleb Fletcher York, Robert Dennison York, Joseph Clark York, Reverend Hugh Robinson York, Reverend Robert Daniel York, William Henry Rudston Read York, George Shann M.D., York, Joseph Rowntree York, the Honourable and Very Reverend Augustus Duncombe D.D., Dean of York, York, Robert Edward Smithson York, Edwin Wade York, Robert Welch Holton York.

Honourable William Constable Maxwell Everingham Park, Robert Leighton Esquire, Goodmanham, William Quarton Esquire, Market Weighton, Reverend W. Charles Sharpe Holme on Spalding Moor, Reverend Thomas Arundel Hayton, Charles Wilmer Duncombe Esquire, Kilnwick Percy, Arthur Duncombe Esquire, Kilnwich Percy, Albert Darley Esquire, Burtonfields, Reverend John Adams Eldridge Bishop Wilton, Reverend John McWilliams Bumby, Reverend Henry Ellershaw Millington, Thomas Stephen Whittaker Esquire, Howden, Thomas Carter Esquire, Howden, Reverend William Hutchinson Howden, John Edward Wade Esquire, Woodhall Ellerby, John Raspin Ringrose Esquire, Sutton, Samuel Priestman Esquire, Sutton, Reverend William Foster Hilston, Reverend Franois Sheppard Rector of Patrington, Reverend Perceval Maurice Shipton Rector of Halsham, Reverend George Clifford Pease Vicar of Pauli, John Malam Esquire, Holmptom, Thomas Robinson Esquire, Burstwick, John Dickson Esquire, Nafferton, Reverend James Davidson Nafferton, Reverend Henry West North Frodingham, Reverend Richard Allen Southbum, Reverend Charles Day Langtoft, George Cole Francis, Keyingham.

For the Town and County of Kingston-upon-Hull.

For the City and County of the City of York.

For the East Riding of the County of York.

For

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 491

For the North Riding of the County of York.

Charles Preston Askam Bryan, Richard Silver Oliver Bolton Percy, Charles Todd Naylor Holgate, William George Maude Holy ate, James Whitehead Holy ate, Henry Hall Acomb, Reverend Charles Francis Smith Bishopthorpe, Reverend William Vernon Harcourt Bolton Percy, Caleb Fletcher Drinyhouses, James Meek Middlethorpe, Reverend G. H.

Phillips Dringhouses, Reverend Francis R. Johnson Marston, Reverend Henry Walker Yeoman Moor Monkton, Lidgard Eyre Nether Poppleton, Reverend William Hey Clifton,

Christopher Clarke The Hermitage, Reverend John George Beresford Bedale Rectory,

Reverend Thomas C. Wilson Kirby Fleetham, Thomas Christopher Booth Killerby; Bennett,

James, Millcrookes near York, Esquire; Dodsworth, George, Clifton Grove near York,

Esquire; Dodsworth, Benjamin, St Leonardos Place, York, Suryeon; Smith, John Hill,

Skelton Grange near York, Esquire; Edmund Walker Esquire, Mount Saint John, Feliskirh,

John Walker Esquire, Mount Saint John, Feliskirk, Reverend Otho Augustus Manners The Rectory, Haumby, John Kendall Esquire, Skipton Hall, Thirsk, William Henry Kitching-man Esquire, Sowerby, John Edward Buckle Esquire, Sowerby, Reverend Jackson Mason The Vicar aye, Pickhill, George John Newton Esquire, West Tanfield, Reverend

William Collins Lukis The* Rectory, Wath, Reverend Henry Cooper Nunninyton, George Frank Esquire, Kirkby Moorside, Reverend Augustus William Weatherall Stoneyrave, John Bower Esquire, Oswaldkirk, Richard Chapman Esquire, Kirkby Moorside, Reverend John Hicks Ampleforth.

For the West Riding of the County of York.

Joseph Barker Thornes, Thomas Haigh Bradbury Mirfield, Edward Green the younger. Many Gates, Sandal Magna, William Locke Newland Park, Reverend John Heaton Micklethwaite Painthorpe, Robert Bowness Mackie Wakefield, Thomas Kemp Sanderson Wakefield, John Wormald Dewsbury, Robert John Bentley Rotherham, James Yates Oakwood House, Rotherham, John Hollings Esquire, Manningham near Bradford, Yorkshire, William Brook Addison Manningham near Bradford, Yorkshire, Richard Fawcett Esquire, Apperley Bridye near Bradford, Yorkshire, Henry Brown Esquire, Apperley Bridge near Bradford, Yorkshire, George Addison Esquire, Bolton near Bradford, Yorkshire, George Greenwood Setley Esquire, Manningham near Bradford, Yorkshire, William Marshall Selwyn Esquire, Bierley Hall, Bierley, near Bradford, Yorkshire, William Rouse Esquire, Burley near Otley, Yorkshire, Reverend Henry Thomas Rees, Vicaraye, Snaith near Selby, Yorkshire, Alexander Bagot Esquire, Cowick Hall near Selby, Yorkshire, Frank Henry Eadon Esquire, Corwick near Selby, Yorkshire, John Dury Esquire, The Moss, Ripley, William Harker Esquire, Patcleij Bridye, Hugh Henry Christian Esquire, Knaresborough, Honourable John C. Dundas Woodhall, Wetherby, Reverend James William Geldart Kirk Beighton, Charles M.

Middleton Esquire, Linton Grange, William Wenncup Esquire, Haya Park, Knaresborough, Reverend Joseph Jonathan Dent Dent Hunsingore, Basil Kilvington Woodd, Esquire, Con-yngham Hall, Thomas Strother Esquire, Killinghall, Reverend Henry Kershaw Greenhow Hill, Pateley Bridye, Reverend Horatio James Harrogate, Reverend James J. Toogood Kirkby Overblow, Henry Harrison Esquire, The Ridge, FoUifoot, Isaac Crawhall Esquire, Nunmonkton, Edward Holt Esquire, Harrogate, George Metcalf junior, Esquire, Pateley Bridge, Reverend George Hales Birstwith, Reverend William Valentine Whixley, William James Brown Esquire, Lofftus Hill, William Walton Esquire, Knaresborough, Samuel Birehall Leeds, Wool Merchant, William Brown Weetwood, Stuff Merchant, Samuel Thomas Cooper Headingley, Iron Merchant, Holmes Craven Moor A Her ton, Com Merchant, George Edmund Donisthorpe Moor Allerton, Merchant, William Firth Burley Wood near Leeds, Cloth Merchant, Henry Hudson Gipton Lodge, Cloth Merchant, John Jowett Harchills Grove, Wool Merchant, William Glover Joy Moorfield House, Headingley, Thomas Kirkby Leeds x Cloth Merchant, Joseph Lambert Rose Court, Headingley, Cloth Merchant, Edmund Maude Chapel Allerton, Timber Merchant, Henry Oxley Weetwood, Banker, William Swaine

, Leeds, Cloth Merchant, Thomas Addison Titley Gledhow, Flax Spinner, Joseph Wilkinson Roundhay, Flax Spinner, James Whitham Gledhow, Engineer, 8fc., George Buxton Browne Esquire, Halifax, Thomas Selby Walsh Esquire, Halifax, James Bowman Esquire, Halifax,

27a MICTORilffi; <5. -101:

William Rothwell Esquire, Halifax, Thomas Tuilay Esquire, Halifax, Thomas Robson Esquire, Heath, Shir coat, William Irving Holdsworth Esquire, Greenroyd, Skircoat, Joseph Moxon Kirk Esquire, Woodside, Northowram; Armitage, Joseph Armitage, Milnsbridge House, Huddersfield; Beaumont, John, Ravensknowl, Huddersfield; Brooke, Edward, the younger, Edgerton, Huddersfield; Brook* Edward, Bent House, Meltham; Brooke, William, Nortfigate House, Honley; Bradbury, James, New North Road, Huddersfield; Carlile, James William, Thickhollins, Meltham; Crosland, John Woodhead, Crosland Moor; Croslond, Joseph, Crosland Moor; Hirst, Joseph, Wilshaw, Meltham; Jessop, George, the younger, Honley; Hugh LonguevilleJones Esquire, Elmsall Lodge, Daniel Neilson7?.v<7^>e, Hund-hill Hall, T&over Francis Tempest Esquire, Ackioorth Grange; Charles Jackson, Edward Scholfiela, William Sheardown, John Milward, William Cook Russell, Laurence Kiernan, William Dunhill, Charles James Fox, Richard Ecroyd Clark, William Chambers, Richard Morris, all of Doncaster, Joseph Thorp Halifax, William Holland Lightcliffe near Halifax William Huntriss Halifax, John Whitley Halifax, George Whiteley Halifax, James Aked Halifax? James Thistleton Haigh Halifax, Thomas Fison Apperley Lane, Wool Merchant, William Henry Salt Apperley Lane, Gentleman, Jasper White Apperley, Gentleman.

For the County of AnglesCa *

Reverend Hugh Norris Lloyd Rectory, Llanfaethlu, Reverend Edward Owen Parsonage, Llandrygam.

For the Borough of Brecon,

David Thomas Esquire, Henry de Winton Esquire, Joseph Joseph Esquire, William Laurence Banks Esquire, all of Brecknock, South Wales.

For the Rest of the County of Brecon.

William Bowen Esquire, Trefcinow, Liang or se, John Mortimer Bowen Esquire, Chance-field, Talgarth, William Havard Esquire, Penygauffordd, Llanvillo, William Williams Esquire, Lower Abercnig, Talgarth.

For the County of Cardigan.

Griffith Thomas North Parade, Aberystwyth, John Davies Pier Street, Aberystwyth, Richard Roberts Bridge Street, Aberystwyth, Robert Edward Church Street, Aberystwyth, John Roberts the younger, North Parade, Aberystwyth, Esquires.

For the B&rough of Carmarthen.

Charles Morgan AUtygog, Grismond Philipps Ctomgwilly, David John Browne Edwardes Rhydygors, John Lewis Philipps Bolahaul, Joseph Timmins Carmarthen, John Hughes (Surgeon) Carmarthen, James Rowlands (Surgeon) Carmarthen, Thomas Lewis (Doctor of Medicine) Carmarthen, John Thomas (Merchant) Little Bridge Street, John Lewis Philipps Bolauhaul, John Stephens Holcurn House, John Thomas Cwmfelin, Idandefeilog, Evan Stephens Bertwn, John Hughes Penplwydd, Llangendeirne. j

For the Rest of the County of Carmarthen.

Isaac Horton Ystrad, Henry William Thomas Howell Glaspant, John Richard Howell Glaspant, Guy Trafford Plds Hoel, Henry James Bath Alltyferin, Griffith Philipps R.N., Carmarthen, Griffith Griffiths Waungranod, James Seeley Lawrence Knightsford, Joseph Lewis Nantygelly, Conwil-Elvet, Arthur Howell Jones Penralltfadog, Reverend Aaron Roberts (Clark) Newcfmrch, Reverend Thomas Mathews Erryd, David Jones Lewis Lluyn-celyn, John Worrall Cefenycheldre, Richard Campbell Davys Nenaddfawr, Charles Bishop junior, DaUgarreg, William Jones Evans Llandovery, William Morgan Stone Street, Llandovery, David A. Price Hetty Evandde, Thomas Davies Little Hall, William Pritchard

Cefen,

C.

26*?& 27°'V:IOT©M.ffi, , fc. iOL- 493

Ceftn, Valentine L. Levis Glanbrane Park, Nathaniel Davies Llandito, Thomas Williams Bridge Street, Llandilo, Reverend John Griffiths1 LUmdilo, Reverend Evan Evans Llandebk Vicarage, William Morris Pontamman.

For the County of Denbigh.

Reverend Owen Jones Clerk, Pentrevoelas, Reverend John Morgan Clerk, Yspyttyf John Dickin Tyndwfr, Llangollen, Henry Robertson Siamberwen, Llangollen, John Jones junior,

Shelbroke near Ruabon, Charles Richards, Bank Buildings, Lang alien, Reverend Henry Thomas Edwards Llangollen, Robert Owen Moulsdale junior, Bryndgffrgn, Llanrwst, John Black wail junior, Hendre House, Llanrwst, Richard Randolph Griffith penisardre, Uanrivst,

Hugh Beaver Roberts Plas Llandoget, Llanrwst. ., a

For the County of Flint

Oven Roberts M.D., Saint Asaph, Reverend John Sturkey Saint Asaph, Reverend Thomas Brown Saint Asaph, Reverend David Williams Bodelwyddan, Reverend Robert Jones Roberts Ysceifing, Reverend David Williams Nannerch, Reverend William Hughes Caerwys, Reverend Thomas Birch Llewelyn Browne Bodfary, Very Reverend Richard Bonnor Maurice Bonnor Dean of Saint Asaph, John Jones, Dofawen, Rhyl, John Dawson the younger, Gronant, Sir Hugh Williams Baronet, Bodelwyddan, Reverend Thomas Jones Hughes Llanasa, Reverend Evan Lewis Davies Newmarket, Reverend Edward Hughes Meliden, Reverend Enoch Rhys James Prestatyn, Reverend Hugh Morgan Rhyl, Reverend Edmund Thomas Watts Dyserth, Frederick Theed M.D., Rhyl'.

For the County of Glamorgan .;

Reverend Edward Bernard Squire Vicar of Swansea, Reverend Montague Earle Welby Incumbent of St. PauVs Church, Sketty, Swansea, Reverend Charles Cooke Incumbent of Trinity Church, \ Swansea, Edward Howell M.D., Swansea, Sylvanus Padley Swansea, John Oakahot Glynddriven, Swansea, Trevor A. Williams Ynis-Tawe, Swansea, Owen G. W *

Williams Sketty, Swansea, William Edmond Windsor Lodge, Swansea, Alfred Sterry Oystermouth, Swansea, Sampson Rowland Dawe Swansea, Charles Thomas Wilson Swansea,

Charles Basil Mansfield Swansea, William Morris High Street, Swansea, Reverend David Jones Bishopstone Gower, Reverend John P. Lucas Rossilly, Thomas George Gordon Llwyn-a-bouch, John Gordon Berry, Charles Noble Penmaen, George Griffiths Thomas Ystrdd Mynach, Esquire, Evan Thomas Williams Dyffrynchod, Esquire; Reverend Gilbert Charles Harris Clerk, Rector of Gelligan, Reverend Rice Jones Clerk, Vicar of Eglwysilan,

Evan Jones Davies High Street, Merthyr Tydfil\ Esquire, Thomas John Evans of the Brecon Bank, High Street, Merthyr Tydfil, Esquire, Edward Davies Merthyr Tydfil, Esquire,

Surgeon, James Probert Plymouth Iron Works, Surgeon, Thomas Jenkins Cynhordy, William Edmond Clhsemojit, EdwardDaniel Morriston, Richard Hughes Morrtston, Evan Jones Garth} Lltinfrnicke, William Tegg Birchgrotie, John Glasbrook Morriston, Trevor Addams Williams Yttistatve, William Eamond Blaenmaes, Penderrg, William Hallam Upper Forest,

Lansaihlet, Henry Knight Eaton Maesqw&rnon, IJangefelach, Reverend H. B. Be van Llandajf '

Reverend D. Morgan Llandaff, Edward S. Hill Llandajf, Edward David Fkiboater, Jonas Watson Fair water, John Peter Ely Rise, Lewis Davies Penhill, Lawrence Christian Ohlsen Penhill, Thomas Toms Canton, Thomas H. Morgan Llandajf \ John Batchelor New House, William Hambley Heat)field

For the County of Merioneth.

Reverend David Evans Clerk, Llcunsaintffraid Giyndyfrdwy, Reverend William Evans Clerk, Bettws Gwerfilgach, Reverend Watkin Williams Clerk, Lang or, Henry Badley Esquire, Glandwr near Corwen, John Owen Lewis Esquire, Corwen, James' Richards, Walker Esquire, Concen, Edward Williams Esquire, The Cottage, Corwen, Robert Mascie Taylor Esquire, Clomendy near Corwen, T P Roberts Esquire, Maesygamedd.I,

Corwen, James MbltbytVa*?^ John Williams Gwemkefen, John Jones Tremy&fia, Bala,

v > Francis

404

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 101, 102.

Francis Griffith Jones Cittalgarth, Reverend Thomas Morgan IAarffor, Reverend John Harvey Ashworth The Cliffs, Peter Peter Basset Brynmair, William Jones Penmaen, John Jones Meyrick House, Howel Morgan Hengwrt ucha, John Vaughan Nannau, William Robert Maurice Wynne Peniarth, Owen Slaney Wynne Peniarth, Thomas Humphrey Williams Llwyn, Robert Nanny Williams, Llwyn, William Rees Town of Towyn, Farmer and Freeholder, William Parry Corbet Arms, Towyn, Innkeeper and Farmer, Evan Newell Esgran, Towyn, Farmer, David Edward Kirkby Dolangwyn, Towyn, Farmer, James Hughes Gogarth, Gentleman, Freeholder, David Jones Esganweddan near Pennal, Farmer, Ellis R. Pring Talyllyn, Clerk, Perpetual Curate, Talyllyn Parish, David Davies Corris, Shopkeeper, William Carr Esquire, Aberartro, Llanbedr, Robert Roberts Esquire, Hen-drecoed, Barmouth, William Morgan Williams Esquire, Pentre Mawr, Barmouth, Captain Evan Edwards Barmouth, William Jones Morris Barmouth, David Anwyl Barmouth, John Evans Glandwr Mills, Barmouth, Colonel Edward Corbett Aberamffra House, Barmouth, John Robert Davies Barmouth, Reverend Watkin Davies Llanelltyd[

For the County of Montgomery.

William Wynne Anperley of Morben Lodge, Thomas Ellis of Brynllwydwyn, Hugh Lloyd Surgeon, David Howell Solicitor, William Williams Jones Attorney-at-law, all of the Parish of Machynlleth, Reverend Thomas Davies of the Parish of Llanwrin in the County of Montgomery, Clerk, Reverend F. W. Parker Moughtrey {late of Welsh Pool), Reverend J. L. Jones Dolfor, John Moore Esquire, Bahaillon, John Edward Poundley Esquire, Black Hall, Edward Morris Esquire, Gwernygoe; Edwards, Reverend John, Leighton, Montgomeryshire; Fisher, William, Maesfron, Montgomeryshire; Geldart, Reverend For den, Montgomeryshire; Judge, Reverend John, Leighton, Montgomeryshire; Lewes, Reverend John, Buttington, Montgomeryshire; Stuart, Sir Charles, Leighton, Montgomeryshire; Cockerton, Henry Miles, Montgomery, Montgomeryshire; Edmonds, William, Pentre, Montgomeryshire; Farmer, George, Montgomery, Montgomeryshire; Mickleburgh, John, Montgomery, Montgomeryshire; Wilding John Powell, Montgomery, Montgomeryshire; White, Robert Moore, Churchstohe, Montgomeryshire; Thomas William Hare, Esquire, Berthddu, Llandinam, Offley Malcolm Crewe Read Esquire, Llandinam Had, Reverend W. E. Jones Rector, Garthbeibio, Montgomeryshire, Reverend Griffith Edwards Rector, Llangadfau, Montgomeryshire, Maurice Evans, Bronygarth, Llanfair, Montgomeryshire, Thomas Gardner Llyssun, Llanerfyl, Montgomeryshire.

For the Borough of Radnor.

Reverend Thomas Green Stowe Vicarage, County of Salop, Reverend Abraham Thomas Beguildy Vicarage, Beguildy, Radnorshire, George Green Esquire, Knighton, Radnorshire, William Banks Esquire, Knighton Radnorshire, Reverend David Davies Llangunllo Vicarage, Llangunllo, Radnorshire, Reverend W. W. Griffiths Hey of Rectory near Knighton, Radnorshire, John Evans Esquire, Trebarva, Radnorshire, Robert Baskerville Mynors Esquire, Evancoed, Thomas Baskerville Mynors Esquire, Borland, Reverend George Richard Turner Note Radnor, Thomas Evans Duggan Esquire, Everjobb, John Jones Esquire, Eotvnton, Francis Evelyn Esquire, Presteigne, James Bevan Esquire, Presteigne, Frank Cubett Esquire, Presteigne, Reverend John Edmund Cheese Presteigne, William Stephens Esquire, Presteigne.

CAP. CII.

An Act to reduce the Duty on Rum in certain Cases.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-eight, Spirit of Wine is allowed to be methylated

Duty-free, and it is expedient to allow Foreign and Colonial Rum to be also methylated

on

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 102, 103. 405

f on Payment of the reduced Duty herein-after mentioned; Be it enacted by the Queen'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs to permit and authorize any Foreign and licensed Rectifier of Spirits, or any Person who shall be duly licensed under the said recited Act to make or mix Methylated Spirits, to mix in the Customs Warehouse, and under such St^inC^oiL Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall direct, Foreign or Colonial Rum Warehouse, of not less Degree of Strength than Twenty per Cent, over Proof, and in a Quantity not less at One Time than the Contents of the whole Cask in which the same shall have been imported, with not less than One Ninth of its Bulk Measure of Wood Naphtha or Methylic Alcohol, or with such other Article or Substance as in the said recited Act is mentioned, and thereupon such Mixture shall be allowed, chargeable only with the reduced or differential Duty herein-after mentioned, for Use for such Purposes and in such Manner as is allowed by the said recited Act, or any Act amending the same, with regard to Methylated Spirit:

Provided that no such Rum shall be so mixed as aforesaid Untu Payment shall have been made to the said Commissioner* of Customs of the Difference between the Duty of Customs chargeable on the Importation of such Foreign and Colonial Rum respectively and the Duty of Excise chargeable on Spirits distilled in the United Kingdom.

2. All Wood Naphtha or Metbylic Alcohol, or other such Article or Substance as afore- Wood

said, to be mixed with such Rum, shall be provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue ^y ini^dRe-

for and at the Expense of the Person proposing to make such Mixture, and the said Mixture venue, and shall be denominated Methylated Spirit, and shall be removed, under the Certificate of the ^SekTtobe

proper Officer of Customs, to some approved Store belonging to a Rectifier of Spirits or to denominated

a licensed Maker of Methylated Spirit. Methylated

Spirit

i 3. All the Powers, Provisions, Glauses, Regulations, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties Provisions of contained in the said recited Act and in the Act passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty- 18 & 19 Vict-fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-one, in relation to Methylated Spirit, 253vi"dcfSif shall be applied and put in force with respect to all Spirits mixed under the Provisions of applied to *

this Act. r Spirits mixed

under this Act.

4. It shall be lawful to export any Methylated Spirit mixed under the Provisions of* this Methylated Act or of the said first-recited Act, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs Spirit may be or Inland Revenue shall respectively make in that Behalf. exported.

Cap. cm.

An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases of Misappropriation by Servants of the Property of their Masters.

[28th July 1868.]

WHEREAS Offence of taking Corn or other Food by a Servant, from the

" Possession of his Master, contrary to his Orders, for the Purpose of giving the same or of having the same given to the Horses or other Animals of such Master, is by Law a Felony: And whereas it is desirable to alter the Law in this respect Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L If any Servant shall, contrary to the Orders of his Master, take from hSs Possesion Seiyantstaking any Com, Pulse, Roots, or other Food for the Purpose of giving the same or of taring cer£ ftc^th-the same given to any Horse or other Animal belonging to or in the Possession bf his out Authority *, Master, the Servant so 'offending shall not by reason thereof be deemed guilty of or be for the Purpose

proceeded *f giving the

496

same to their Master'sHorses, &c., not guilty of Felony, but shall be liable to Imprisonment, &c.

Power to Justice to dismiss Case if deemed too trifling.

Power to appeal against Conviction.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 103.

Sroceeded against for Felony, but shall, on Conviction of such Offence before Two ustices of the Peace, at their Discretion, either be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months, or else shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as shall appear to them to be meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and if such Penalty shall not be paid, either immediately after the Conviction or within such Period as the said Justices shall at the Time of the Conviction appoint, the Servant so offending shall be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months, unless such Penalty be sooner paid: Provided always, that if upon the Hearing of the Charge the said Justices shall be of opinion that the same is too trifling, or that there are Circumstances in the Case which render it inexpedient to inflict any Punishment, they shall have Power to dismiss the Charge, without proceeding to a Conviction: Provided also, that if upon the Trial of any Servant for feloniously taking from his Master any Corn, Pulse, Roots, or other Food consumable by Horses or other Animals, such Servant shall allege that he took the same under such Circumstances as would constitute an Offence punishable under this Act, and thereof shall satisfy the Jury charged with his Trial, then it shall be lawful for such Jury to return a verdict accordingly; and thereupon the Court before which such Trial shall take place shall proceed to award such Punishment against such Servant as may be awarded by Two Justices of the Peace on the Conviction of any Person under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that in case of Nonpayment of any Penalty to be imposed by the Court on such Servant, he shall be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months, as the Court shall order, unless such Penalty be sooner paid.

2. Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Conviction under this Act, such Person may appeal to the next Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden not less than Twelve Days after the Day of such Conviction, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen: Provided also, that such Person shall give to the Informant a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, within Three Days after such Conviction, and Seven clear Days at the least before such Sessions, and shall also either remain in Custody until the said Sessions, or shall enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before a Justice of the Peace conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions and to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded, or, if such Appeal shall be against any Conviction whereby only a Penalty, with or without Costs, is adjudged to be paid, shall deposit with the Clerk of the convicting Justices such a Sum of Money as such Justices shall deem to be sufficient to cover the Penalty and Costs, if any, so adjudged to be paid, and the Costs of the Appeal; and upon such Notice being given, and such Recognizance being entered into, or such Deposit being made, the Justices before whom such Recognizance shall be entered into or such Deposit shall be made shall liberate such Person, if in Custody; and the Court at such Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as to the Court shall seem meet, and in case of the Affirmance of the Conviction shall order and adjudge the Appellant to be punished according to the Conviction, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded, and shall, if necessary, issue Process for enforcing such Judgment; and in any Case where after any such Deposit shall have been made as aforesaid the Conviction shall be affirmed the Court may order the Penalty and Costs, if any, thereby adjudged to be paid, together with the Costs of the Appeal, to be paid out of the Money deposited, and the Residue thereof, if any, to be repaid to the Party convicted; and in any Case where after any such Deposit the Conviction shall be quashed, the Court shall order the Money deposited to be repaid to the Party convicted; and in every Case where any Conviction shall be quashed on Appeal as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer of the Court shall forthwith indorse on the Conviction a Memorandum that the same has been quashed; and whenever any Copy or Certificate of such Conviction shall be made, a Copy of such Memorandum shall be added thereto, and shall be sufficient Evidence that the Conviction has been quashed in every Case where such Copy or Certificate would be sufficient Evidence of

497

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 103, 104.

such Conviction: Provided that the Right of Appeal against any Conviction under this Act shall not apply so as to enable any Person to appeal against any Verdict of a Jury as aforesaid.

3. No such Conviction, or Adjudication made on Appeal therefrom, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record; and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same.

4. Every Offence under this Act may be prosecuted and every Conviction under this Act maybe enforced in the Manner directed by the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three; and all Provisions contained in the said Act shall, unless repugnant to any of the Provisions of this Act, be applicable to such Prosecution and Conviction, in the same Manner as if they were incorporated in this Act 2 Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner alter or affect any Enactments relating to Procedure in the Case of any Offence punishable on summary Conviction within the City of London or the Metropolitan Police District, or the Recovery or Application of any Penalty for any such Offence.

5. This Act shall extend to England only.

6. This Act shall commence and take effect from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three *

CAP. CIV.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Blackpool, Deal and Walmer, Exmouth, Rosehearfy, Ilfracombe, Instow, Bangor, Chatham, Bray, Dartmouth, and Nairn.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General

Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the

(Confirmation thereof by Act of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisional Orders made by the Board of ' Trade under the said Act and set out in the Schedule hereto should be confirmed by Act (of Parliament:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The several Provisional Orders set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and are hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof in Manner and Form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1863.

The SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders.

1. Blackpool. — Construction of a Pier.

2. Deal AND Walmer. — Amendment of former Order.

3. Exmouth. — Construction of a Pier.

4. RoseeCearty. — Improvement of the Harbour.

5. Ilfracombe. — Improvement of the Harbour.

26 & 27 Vict. 3 R 6. Instow.

No Certiorari, &c.

Summary Proceedings may be under 11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

Except in London and the Metropolitan Police District

Extent of Act

[Commencement of Act.]

Confirmation of Orders in Schedule.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, o. 104.

(j. IRSfcrW'. — Ooiisfcrnctlofa of Docks. t. BAJttldA^Improveihent of thO Hatbotir.

8. Chatham. — Purchase of a Pier.

9. Beat. — CoOstructfton of a Pier.

10i DA«nront& — Improvement of the Harbour.

11. WAiHR.-^Maintenance of the Harbour.

FraMUit

The undertaken.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order,

BLACKPOOL.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction. Maintenance^ hnd Regulation of d Pi&r at Blackpool, in the County of Lantaster.

Whereas undfer The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861* and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Blackpool Pier Company, Limited, made application by a mdnibrial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called The Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order containing powers for the Construction of a Pier at Blackpool, in the eotihty of Lancaster, for the use and convenience of passengers and promenaders, for the complete execution of the works, and the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Fifteen thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements, and deposited the documents, which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

iJow therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance bf The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament Confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall Sake effect and be in force:—

1. The Blackpool Pier Company Limited, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lunds Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order or already acquired by them, and on the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier, on iron piles, commencing at or near Bellevue Square, in front of the town of Blackpool, and carried out seawards a distance of one thousand five hundred and fifty feet, or thereabouts.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, and things in Ae schedule hereto described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

8. Nothing

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104. 409

8. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or l>oats to ship or unship at the Pier Blackpool.

any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or any things other than those in the schedule hereto yr r n< on

described. me of pier.

9. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the Company may use of the Pier, on such terms, and for such a period, net exceeding one year, as may be contract with agreed upon; but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass-ticket shall ^ToftheKer. not be transferable, and shall not be UBed by any person except the person for whom it is

granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any Pass-ticket* way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass-ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed ff the Special Act."

10. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times hay«

free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the Pier by land, apd with their from rate *, vessels and otherwise, without payment Part y. of

11. Part Y. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the WWfca 24 & 25 V"*-

authorized by this Order. c> 47, toappl7 '

[Short Title.]

12. This Order may be cited as The Blackpool Pier Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 31st day of March 1863. (Signed) T. H. Farrbr,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEJDUfcE to w^tpa this Order refers.

I. — Rates or Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

£ t. d.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the Pipr from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage-boat, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 6 6

For every person who shall usp the Pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for such and every time, any sum uot exceeding - - 0 0 2

For every Bath or sedau chair tykeu on the Pier, for each and every time, apy sum pot exceeding - -006

For every perambulator, not exceeding - - -004

Fpr every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Blackpool, and using the said Pier for the purpose of going to or retU*3ung from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding 10 0

II. — Rains or PasseNPEM ^ugo^re.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package, within the

description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0 0 2

And for every 112 Ids. weight, or fractional part thereof, In addition - - 0 0 8

III — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 16 tons For every vessel of the burden of 16 tons and under 50 tons For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons Shd undpr 150 tons Fpr every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards For every Jigtypr, for each trip -

per ton

M

0 0 4 0 0 6 0 0 8 0 0 10 0 1 0 0 0 2

3R 2

DEAL

[Preamble.]

25 & 26 Vict c. 51.

Repeal of Schedule to former Order. Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order. Power for Company to contract with persons for the use of the pier.

[Short Title,

Construction, and

26- & m vict^me, - i#.

DEAL AND WALMER.

Provisional Ordet of the Board of Trade for the Amendment of the Deal and Walmer Pier: 1 Order, 1862.

Whereas by The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1862, The Deal and Walmer Pier Order, 1862, set out in the Schedule thereto, made under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, empowering the Deal and Walmer Pier Company (Limited!, herein-after called The Company, to construct* maintain, ani regulate a Pier and Haroour at Deal in the county of Kent, was, with an exception, confirmed:

And whereas the Company made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order for the amendment of The Deal and Walmer Pier Order, 1862:

And whereas, the Company published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the thirdly-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit l

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever) i

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and inexercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf* order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following, provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

1. Clause seven of The De2 and Walmer Pier Order, 1862, with the Schedule therein referred to, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

2. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, goods, and

things in the Schedule nereto described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified,

3. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others.pass-tickets for the use of the Pier, on such terms and for such a period, not, exceeding one year, as may be agreed on; but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass-ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by U£y person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847; and this Order shall for all purposes be deemed " the Special Act" within the meaning of that Act

4. This Order shall be construed with The Deal and Walmer Pier Order, 1862, as one Order, and may be cited as The Deal and Walmer Pier Amendment Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall Dated this 31st day of March 1863. (Signed) T. H. Fabbeb,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULE to which this Order refers.

L — Rates on Vessels using the Pier *

8. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons - - per ton 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons - - pej ton 0 8

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons, and upwards All lighters, for each trip -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods

8. d.

- per ton 0 10

- per ton 1 0

- per ton 0 2

- each 0 6

II. — Rates oh Goods shipped oh unshipped at the Pieb.

Ale, beer, and porter Ale (bottled) -»

Anchors Anchor stock Bark ' *-

Bedding Beef or pork

Biscuit or bread Blubber -

Bones and bone dust Bottles Bricks

Butter and lard

Cables, iron or hempen -

Canvas -

Casks:

(Empty), not being returned packages Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen -

Calves -

Horses -

Pigs -

Sheep -

Chalk - -

Cheese - -

Chimney pots -

Clay -

Cloth, haberdashety, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt. -Carriages: 1 .

Chaises and otker fottt-wheeled caaTiages -

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages Hand-carts and perambulators -, -

Coals -

Copper -

Cordage -

Cork -

Corpses -

Crystal - - r-

Dogs -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes) -

Earthenware (in crates) -

- per hogshead

- per barrel

- per dozen bottles

- per cwt.

- per foot run

- - per ton - per bundle

- per cwt

- per barrel

per cwt per tun of 252 gallons

- per ton

- - per gross

- per 1,000

- per barrel

- - per firkin

- per ton

- - per bolt

- each

- each

- each

Fish

(Dried and salted) -Fresh (not enumerated)

per ton m per ton

- per cwt

- - per cwt

- - each per box or package

- - each

- per foot

- - per foot

" - par box

- - per cwt

- per owt

8.

0

0

0

0

0

2

0

0

0

0

3

- each

- each

- each each

each per ton per cwt

- each per ton

a.

6

4

1

9

2

0

3

3

6

3

0

1 6 0 9

1

0

0

3

0

6

6

3

0

1

per puncheon 0 3

0

0

0

6

6

0

4

3

0

- 0 6

7 6

5 0

1

1

8

0

0

20

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

3

6

0

6

6

2

1

8

0 3 0 2

501

Deal and Walmer.

502

Deal and, Wahner,

26° & 37° VICTORIA, Qf 104.

Flax

Flour and mefd

Fruit

Furniture (household) Glass

Grains and seeds -

Groceries (not enumerated)

Guano

Gunpowder -

Hams, bacon, or tongues -

Hardware -

Hares and rabbits -

Hay .....

S> "

Hemp - ? r

Herrings (fresh) -

, (cured) -

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry)

Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod and shots ...

Pig and old

Manufactured .....

Pots -

Kelp -..

Lead -..

Leather (tinned and dressed)

Lime -

Limestone

Machinery -..

Manure, not enumerated -

Masts and spare, 10 inches in diameter and upwards Under 10 inches ...

Meat (frpsb) -

Milk ..... Musical instruments -

Nets ..... Oakum - T

Oils -

Oilcake -..

Oranges and Lemons -

Ores - -

Oysters -..

Paint -

Pitch and ter ...

Potatoes c -

Fpultry and game

Hags and old rope .....

Sails -

Salt -

Sand - -

Shrimp bankets -

Skins: Calf, goat* sheep, lamb or dog

& d.

- r per ton 2 0

- per pack o 4

- per barrel 0 ?

ppf bushel pr sieve 0 4

- per 5 cube feet 0 4

- per large crate 1 6

r small ditto or case 1 0

- - per box 0 e

- per quarter 0 6

- per cwt 0 6

t per ton 1 6

per barrel or keg 0 6

- per cwt. 0 4

- per ton 2 6

- per dozen 0 4

- - per ton 1 6

- per truss 0 2

- per ton 2 Q

9 per l, Q0ft 0 3

- per barrel 0 3

- - each 0 2

- per ton 1 6

r per ton 1 0

- per ton 2 6

i each 0 1

- per ton 2 0

- per ton 2 6

r per cwt 0 3

- per 28 bushels 1 4

- per ton 1 0

per ton 2 6

- per ton J 0

- each 4 6

- each 3 0

- per cwt 0 6

- per gallon 0 o *

r per cube foot 0 1

per 5 cube feet Q 4

* 3 per cwt. 0 2

t per ton 3 0

t - per ton 2 0

- per box Q 6

- - per ton 1 0

per bushel Q 3

per cwt Q. 4

- per barrel 0 6

per cwt. 0 8

- per dozen 0 4

per ton 8 0

per cwt 0 6

- per cwt 0 1

- - per ton 1 0

m, each 0 2

per dozen 0 6

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

600

Slates -

Spirits (Foreign and British)

9* m

Stones -

Steel -

Sugar- -

Tallow, soap and candles Tea -

Tiles -

Tin and zinc -

Tobacco -

Turbot -

Turnips - - »

Turpentine and varnish -

Turtle -

Vegetables (not enumerated) -

Vinegar - »

Vitriol -

Water -

Wine - *3 k a

, bottled -

tVood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated -Oak or wainscot -Firewood -

Laths and lathwood -

Handspikes -

Oars

per ton of 24 cubic feet - per hogshead - - per gallon per ton of 16 cubic feet per ton per cwt.

- - per cwt

- - per chest

per 1,000 per toll per cwt - per score per ton

* ' - per barrel

- each

- - - per cwt

* per hogshead per carboy per cask

- per hogshead

per dozen bottles

- per load of 50 feet

- per load of 50 feet

per 216 cubic feet fathom per fothm of 216 cubic feet per 120 per 120

a. d. 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 8 3 0 0 3 0 3

1

1

3

0

0

0

Spars, under 22 ffeet in length, above 2 J dnd tinder inches in diameter per 120, 2\ inched ill diameter and under - per 120

, 22 feet in length and upwards, &hd not exceeding inches in diandeter - - per 120

, above and under 6 inches in diameter per 120

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length - - per 120

, exceeding 2 feet In length per 120

Treenails - - per 1,000

Wedges - - per 1,000

Pipe staves and others in proportion - per 120

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood - - per ton

Wool - L - - per cwt.

Yarn -

0

6

0

6

3

6

0 6 2 6

0 4 0 6

1 0

0 3

1 0 0 2

6

0

6

6

3 0 6 0

6

4

0

0

9 0 14 0 2 0 3 0 2 6 2 6 2 6

2

0

0

0

4

2

0 1 2 0

- - - per cwt.

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods ---- per cube fbot

Heavy goods ---- - per tea

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Spars,

1st Rates of Crcmeage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - - 0 4

Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons - -06

Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons - - - 0 8

Exceeding 3 tens, and not exceeding tons - - -0 10

Deal ML Wabner.

504

Veal and Walmer.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

J ' r ' 5

i > i;

Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons -

Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons -Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons -

Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons -Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons -

Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons -Exceeding 10 tons -

2d Weighing Machines, For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton

3d Shed Dues.

s. d. 1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6 1 10

2 4

3 6

0 21

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of l£d per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours *

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - 0 2

IV. — Rates for Laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water ---- per ton 0 6

V. — Rates on Passengers and Pbomenaders using the Pier.

£ s, d

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the Pier from, or embark from it on board of, any snip, vessel, packet, or passage-boat, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - - 0 0 6

For every person who shall use the Pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 2

For every Bath or sedan chair taken on the Pier, for each and every time, any

sum not exceeding - - -006

For every perambulator - -002

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Deal or parish of Walmer, and using the said Pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - ---100

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage, landed or shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, tion of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. And for every cwt. beyond And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition -

Sm

or other package, within the desorip-

- 0

- o

- 0 - 0

- o

- 0

- o . o

d.

2

4

5

6

7

8 4 1

EXMOUTH.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

505

EXMOUTH.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier xd Exmouth, in the County of Devon.

Whereas under The General JPier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Pream, e-Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Exmouth Pier Company (Limited) made application by a Memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order, containing powers for the construction of a Pier at Exmouth in the county of Devon, for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Twelve thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

1. The Exmouth Pier Company (Limited), herein-after called The Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order,

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A Pier commencing at or near the western extremity of the present sea wall at its

junction with the Ferry Road in the parish of Littleham, and extending four hundred feet or thereabouts in a southerly direction, then taking a curve and running six hundred feet or thereabouts in a westerly direction.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

8. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or, in connexion with the Pier.

9. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

3 S 10. The

The Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order. Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

506

Exmouth.

Company may contract with persons for use of the Pier.

Custom-house officers exempt fVom rates.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vietc. 47. to apply.

Saving for Corporation of Exeter.

[Short title.]

28° «£ 27° VICTORIA, c. 104.

10. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the usejof the Pier, on such terms and for such a period not exceeding one year as may be agreed on; but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass-ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847* for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed " the Special Act/ '

11. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the Pier by land and with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment.

12. Part V. of The Harbours and Posing Tolls, &c, Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

13. Nothing in this Order shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any right, toll, rate, or duty belonging to or vested in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the city of Exeter within the limits of the port of Exeter.

14. This Order may be cited as The Exmouth Pier Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 31st day of March 1863. (Signed) T. H. Fabbbb,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULE to which this Order refers.

I. — Bates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pieb.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -

Ale (bottled), per barrel -..

, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt -

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt -

, , per barrel -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt -

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons -

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -, , per firkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon -

Other casks in proportion.

8. d.

- 0 4

0 6

_ 0 8

0 10

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 6

0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 9

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 6

.. 0 9

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, eaoh -

Calvee, each -

Horses, each -Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton - - *

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &a, per package, not exceeding one CWt. Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each -Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt

Cork, per cwt -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot -

Earthenware (in crates), per foot -

Eggs, per box -

Pish (dried and salted), per cwt.

, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt -

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

, per barrel -Fruit, per bushel or sieve -

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet -Glass, per large crate -

, per small ditto or case -

, per box - -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -Groceries (not enumerated) -Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. -Hardware, per ton Hares and rabbits, per dozen -Hay, per ton -

, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh) per 1,000 -

3» (cured) per barrel -Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry) each -Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton *

3 S 2

s, d,

- 3 0

- 1 0

- 4 0

- 0 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 4

0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 7

- 6

- 1

- 1

- 3

- 0

- 0

- 20

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 2

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 1

- 1

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 1

- 0

- 0

- 2

- 0

- 1

- 0

- 2

- 0

- 0

- 1

- 1

- 2

- 0

- 2

- 2

6

0

0

0

0

3

6

0

6

6

2

2

1

3

3 2 0

4

3

4 4 6 0 6 6

507

Exmouth.

508

26° & 27° VICTORIA:, c. 104.

Mxmouth.

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton.

Machinery, per ton

Manure, not enumerated, per ton -

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each

Under 10 inches, each -

Meat (fresh) per cwt -

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cube foot -

Nets, per 5 cube feet -

Oakum, per cwt -

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box - *?

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt -

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt -

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Hags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt. -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -Spirits (Foreign and British) per hogshead -

Ditto ditto per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt -

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt -

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel -

Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated) per cwt

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

, bottled, per dozen bottles -Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet -

Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120- -

s. d.

- - 0 3

- - 1 4

- - 1 0

- . - 2 6

- - 1 0

- - 4 6

- - 3 0

- - 0 6

- 0 Oi

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 2 0

- - 2 0

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 2 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 1

- - 1 0

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 2 0

- - 1 O

- - 0 1

- - 1 6

- - 3 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- I 6

- - 3 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 2 6

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 0 2

. - 1 6

- - 2 0

- - 1 6

- - 2 6

- - 3 O

- - 5 0

: .; . 25° 4f .VICTORIA, c. 104. 509

Wood — cont. *. d. Exmouth.

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£, and under 4* inches in diameter, "

per 120 - - -50

, 2\ inches in diameter and under, per 120- - - i 4 0

, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter *

per 120 ..... - - 9 0

, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 -20

, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - - 3 0

Trenails, per 1,000 ---- . - 2 6

Wedges, per 1,000 - - -26

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 - - - 2 6

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton - - 2 0

Wool, per cwt - - -04

Yarn, per cwt - - - 0 2

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods, per cube foot - - -01

Heavy goods, per ton - - - 2 0

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates foe Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

Is*. Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton Exceeding toil, and not exceeding 2 tons Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons -Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons -Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons Exceeding 10 tons -

2 d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - - 0 2

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other articles of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - - 0 2

IV. — Rates fok laying Water Mains on Pjer.

Water, per ton - - -06

-04 - 0 6

- 0 8

- 0 10

-10 - 1 2

- 1 4

- 1 6

- 1 10

- 2 4

- 3 6

510

i

JSrmoutK

[Preamble.]

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 104.

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the Pier from, or £ s. embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding -00

For every person who shall use the Pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0

For every Bath or sedan chair taken on the Pier, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - - 0 0

For every perambulator - - -00

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Exmouth, and using the said Pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding 1 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. -Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs.

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs.

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs.

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt.

And for every cwt. beyond -And for every 80 lbs. weight in addition -

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

.0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

d

6

2

6

2

0

2

4

5

6

7

8 4 1

ROSEHEARTY.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Rosehearty> in the County of Aberdeen.

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, Alexander t)ingwall Fordyce of Culsh and Brucklay, residing at Brucklay Castle, in the County of Aberdeen, heir-of-entail and in possession of the lands and barony of Pitsligo, comprehending therein the burgh of barony of Roeehearty, with the, seaport and harbour of the same, and the feuars, freemen, and burgesses of the said burgh, by the town council of the burgh, as owners of the port and harbour of Rosehearty, made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grftnt a Provisional Order under the said Acts for executing the works herein-after mentioned, with power to levy and recover rates according to the Schedule in the memorial referred to:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Three thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861,

Amendment

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

511

Incorporation of Commissioners.

The Undertakers.

Incorporation of parts of Commissioners Clauses Act

Borrowing.

Sinking fluid.

Ameudmoul Act, and by virtue and fa exercise of the powers thereby respectively fa them JRoa^any, vested, and of every other power enabling them in this pehaJf, orders-

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

Rosehearty Harbour Commissioners.

1. The town council of the burgh of barony of Rosehearty, and their successors in office, shall be and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Rosehearty Harbour Commissioners, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of, lands and other property, for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Order.

2. The Rosehearty Harbour Commissioners, herein-after called the Commissioners, shall be the undertakers of the works authorised by this Order,

3. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, except the following sections thereof, namely, sections 6 to 55 (both inclusive) and 84, 96, 97 and 98, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Commissioners may borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, such sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three thousand pounds.

5. In order to create a sinking fund for the discharge of the principal money so borrowed, the Commissioners shall yearly set apart the surplus revenue of the Harbour, and shall deposit the same in some joint stock bank of issue in Scotland, to be increased by accumulation in the way of compound interest or otherwise, until the time when the accumulated fund shall be sufficient to pay off the principal money borrowed, or any such part thereof as the Commissioners may think ought to be then paid off, and the Commissioners shall then apply such accumulated fund'in such payment accordingly; but so that the Commissioners shall not allow any sum exceeding five hundred pounds to remain so deposited for a longer time than six calendar months without applying the same in such payment as aforesaid.

6. Any money borrowed under this Order and discharged by means of the sinking fund aforesaid shall not be reborrowed; but any money borrowed and discharged otherwise than by means of such sinking fund may be re-borrowed, if required for the purposes of this Order, and so toties quoties.

7. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be one thousand pounds.

8. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order.

Lands.

9. For the purposes of this Order, the Commissioners may from time to time, by agree- Power to take

ment, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as specified land* intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works. y agr<?em n

10. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, except with respect to the Lands Clauses purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Con- ^, t^cor" solidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

Works,

11. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the lands taken Power to by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels, and within the make *01*8' limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections* make and maintain the works

shown on the deposited plans.

12. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: — Inscription

To alter, deepen, improve, and enlarge the Harbour of Rosehearty, with the entrance to {^J^ater?

the same, lying in the parish of Pitsligo, in the county of Aberdeen; to dear out sunken rocks in the channel approach to the said Harbour:

To

Re-borrowing.

Receiver *

Money to be applied to purposes of order.

512

Roseheartg.

Power to take rates according to Schedule.

Custom House Officers exempt from rates.

Application of rates and monies received by the Commissioners.

Life-boats,

tide-gauges,

&c.

Lands for extraordinary purposes.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply.

[Short title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

To make and maintain a Pier or Breakwater, and other works and conveniences connected therewith, commencing at the termination of the present north pier or breakwater of the said Harbour, and extending seaward in a northerly direction to the extremity of the rocks, called the Tam-head, a distance of one hundred and seventy feet or thereabouts:

To make another Pier, and works and conveniences connected therewith, commencing at the termination of the present pier, called Port Rae, lying within the limits of the said Harbour, and extending in a south-easterly direction two hundred and sixty feet or thereabouts; and to deepen and improve the approach to the last-mentioned Pier.

Rates.

13. The Commissioners may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, and things described in the Schedule hereto, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

14. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage and egress, on, into, along, through, and out of, the Pier and Harbour, by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

15. The Commissioners shall apply all rates received under this Order, and all other money coming to their hands from the existing Harbour or new works, or the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:—

. (1.) In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order:

(2.) Injpaying the expenses of the maintenance, management and regulation, of the existing Harbour and new works, and of the lands and property connected therewith:

(3.) In paying the interest on any money borrowed under this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof:

(4.) As to the surplus revenue of the Harbour, that is to say, so much of the rates and other money aforesaid as may remain after making the several payments before in the present clause directed, — in creating a sinking fund in manner before in this Order specified.

General Provisions.

16. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16, 17, 18, and 19.

17. The Commissioners shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

18. The Commissioners shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the Harbour.

19. The Commissioners may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order; and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

20. The Commissioners shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers by that Act conferred on pilotage authorities and local authorities.

21. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to Rosehearty Harbour as altered under this Order.

22. This Order may be cited as The Rosehearty Harbour Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall

Dated this 4th day ot April 1863. (Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHJE-

513

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c, 104.

I. — RATES ON VeSSRL8 AND

SCHEDULE.

Boats entering oh or New Works.

USING THE EXISTING HARBOUR

Per Ton.

s. d.

0 H

0 2

0 6

0 4

For every vessel under the burden of 16 tons -

For every vessel of the burden of 16 tons and upwards -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, or dried or salted fish, each -

All drave or large boats entering the harbour or precincts thereof, with fresh fish (except those Delonging to or fishing at Rosehearty during the whole herring fishing season), each

All open boats engaged in the herring fishing at Rosehearty, shall pay one cran of herrings each out of the first herrings which may be caught after the ordinary fishing with net commences, in full of rates or tonnage duty, including water and lights, for the whole period of their fishing season.

II. — Rates on Goods, shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, within

THE EXISTING HARBOUR, OR AT THE NEW WO^XS.

Ale and porter, per hogshead ...

Ale and porter, bottled, per barrel bulk -Bark or cutcb, per ton Barrels, empty, each -

Beef or pork, per ton -

Beef or pork, per barrel -Blubbed, per ton 262 gallons - Bone dust, per ton -

Bones of cattle, per ton Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per thousand Butter, per ton

Casks, empty, not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks, not enumerated, in proportion.

Cattle: viz. —

Bulls, each .....

Cows and oxen, each -Calves, each -

Horses, each ...

Pigs, each -

Sheep, per score -Lambs, per score Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per ton -

Chimney cans, per hundred Clay, fire, manufactured, person Clay, common, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per barrel bulk Coaches: viz. —

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Coals:

Scotch, English, smithy, and culm, per ton Copper, per ton Corks, per barrel bulk -

26 & 27 Vict. 3 T

s. d.

- - 0 6

- . 0 3

- - - 1 0

- - 0 0 *

- - - 1 4

- - . 0 2

- - 1 0

. m 0 8

- . 0 6

- - - 0 2

- . 0 8

- - . 1 4

- - 0 3

. 0 3

- . 0 2

- - - 0 o *

- - 0 2

- - - 0 o *

- 0 6

. - - 0 3

. - 0 6

. - - 1 4

- i .4

. - 0 6

. .0 2

- - 0 2

. 0 8

- 0 6

_ 0 3

. m 1 4

. 0 2

Rosehearty.

26* & 2 VVICTORIA, c. 104.

514

JRosehearty.

Corn: viz. —

Wheat and malt, per quarter -

Barley, beans, pease, tares, oats, rye, buckwheat, and Indian corn, per quarter -Crystal, per barrel bulk -

Dissolved bones and other artificial manures, per ton -

Drugs, per barrel bulk -Earthenware, per crate -

Eggs, per barrel bulk -

Fish, dried and salted, per ton -

Fish, fresh, haddocks, cod, ling, and all fish not enumerated, per barrel bulk of 2£ cwt. -

Flax and hemp, per ton -

Flour, per sack -

Flour, per barrel -

Glass, per barrel bulk -

Groceries: viz. —

Almonds, figs, cinnamon, currants, pepper, pimento, plums, prunes, raisins, and the like, per barrel bulk -

§uano, per ton -

unpowder, per barrel -Han lware, per barrel bulk -

Hay, per ton -

Herrings, fresh, per cran -

Herrings, cured, upon which dues have been charged on landing them fresh at this Harbour, per barrel -

Herrings brought here for shipment, which have been landed fresh at any other place, and have not been charged dues at this Harbour, per barrel Hides: viz. —

Ox, cow, or horse, salted or dried, per ton -

Calf skins, per 120 -

Sheep skins, per 120- -

Lamb skins, per 120 -Hoops of wood, per thousand -

Hoops, iron, per ton -

Household furniture, per barrel bulk -

Household furniture belonging to parties changing their residence only, per 10-barrel bulk -

Husbandry utensils, per ton -

, per barrel bulk -

Iron: viz. —

Bar, bolt, and rod, per ton .....

Pig or old, per ton -

Kelp, per ton

Lead, all kinds, per ton - -

Leather, tanned and dressed, per ton -

Lime, per chaldron of 16 bolls - -

Limestone, per ton ... -

Loam or moulding sand, per ton .....

Machinery, per ton .....

, per barrel bulk .....

Manure, street, per ton - . -

Meal, per bag of 280 lba. -

Oils, per tun -

Ores: viz. —

Copper, iron, lead, and other ores, per ton ...

Passengers luggage, not exceeding barrels bulk, free; all above barrels bulk, per barrel bulk -

s. r7.

0 2

0 n

0 2

0 8

0 3

0 8

0 2

1 4

0 2

1 4

0 2

0 n

0 3

0 3

0 8

0 3

0 3

0 8

0 1

0 1

0 2

1 4

0 10

0 10

0 5

0 G

1 4

0 1

0 G

1 4

0 2

1 4

0 8

0 8

1 4

1 4

0 8

0 3

0 3

1 3

0 3

0 2

0 2

1 0

0 8

0 3

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Peats, per ton -

Potatoes, per ton -

Rags of all kinds, and old ropes, per ton -

Rape and oil-cakes, per ton -

Salmon, per barrel bulk -

Salt in bulk, per ton -

, in barrels, per barrel -

Seeds of all kinds, not enumerated, per ton -

Skins, seal, per 120

Slates, under size, per 1,000 -

, sizeable, -

, over size, -

Spirits, foreign and British, per hogshead of 56 gallons Stones:

Rubble, per ton of 16 cubic feet -

Hewn ashlar freestone, per ditto -

Rough ashlar freestone, per ditto -

Pavement, not exceeding 3 inches thick, per 70 feet -Pavement, above 3 inches thick, per 16 cubic feet Scythe stones, per score -

Mill stones, each -

Grave stones, each -

Grind stones, each -

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per ton -

Tallow, per ton -

Tar, pitch, or resin, per barrel -

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, roofing, per 1,000 -

Tiles, or pipes for draining, per 1,000 -

Tin of all kinds, per ton -

Tobacco, per ton -

Treenails, under 2 feet in length, per 1,000 -

, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 1,000 -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine, per hogshead -

Vegetables, per cart-load -

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Whalebone, per ton -

Wine, per hogshead -

Wine, bottled, per barrel bulk -

Wood: viz. —

Fir, pine, and other descriptions, not enumerated, per load of 50 feet Oak or wainscoat, per load of 50 feet

Firewood or burnwood, per fathom -

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches diameter, Spars, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120

, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in

per 120 -

Spars of all lengths above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120

3 T 2

s. d.

0 3

0 4

0 10 0 8

0

0

0

1

0

2

4

1

4

8

0 6 0 10 1 4 0 8

0 2 0 4 0 3

0

0

0

0

per 120

diameter.

4

4

0 1

0 6

6

4

1 4 1 4

1 4 0 2 0 3 0 9

0 7

1 4

2 6 0 6 1 O O 4 0 8 0 2 0 6

0

2

2

6

0 8

0 4

0 10

1 0

0 6 2 G 0 10 2 6 2 6 1 4

6 6 12 0

515

Rosekearty,

26° & 27° Victoria, c. 104.

516

Ro$ekearty%

[Preamble.]

Wood — cont

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, perI20 -, , exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120

Pipe staves, per standard hundred -

Herring barrel stave, per 1,000 feet -

Lignum vitas, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton Wool, per cwt.

Yarn, per ton -

Zinc, per ton -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table, viz. —

Light goods, per barrel bulk -

Heavy goods, per ton -

&. d.

0 4 0 6

1 0

0 9

1 4

0 2 1 4

1 4

0 2 1 4

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and, for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding two-and-a-half hundredweight, to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two-and-a-half hundredweight, then two-and-a-half hundredweight to be rated as a barrel bulk.

Rates for the Use of Sheds, Cranes, and Weighing Machines.

1. — Shtds.

For each ton of goods of 8 barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in any shed or on the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of l£d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

2. — Cranes.

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton -Exceeding one ton and not exceeding two tons -Exceeding two tons and not exceeding three tons -Exceeding three tons and not exceeding four tons -Exceeding four tons and not exceeding five tons

Exceeding five tons and not exceeding six tons -

Exceeding six tons and not exceeding seven tons

Exceeding seven tons and not exceeding eight tons

Exceeding eight tons and not exceeding nine tons -

Exceeding nine tons and not exceeding ten tons

Exceeding ten tons -

3. — Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed. Id. for each ton or part of a ton.

s. d.

- 0 3

- O 4

- 0 6

- 0 8

- 0 10

- 1 0

- 1 2

- 1 4

- 1 8

- 2 0

_ 3 0

ILFRACOMBE.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour at Ilfracombe in the County of Devon.

Whereas the Ilfracombe Harbour Company (Limited), herein-after called the Company, made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order, pursuant to The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, staining powers for the construction

at

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

at Ilfracombe, in the County of Devon, of a pier, breakwater, and other works, and for the conversion and deepening of the present harbour into a floating dock, and containing powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Fifty thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled the present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:—

1. The Company shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole five acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Cojnpany may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

(1.) An iron and stone pier and breakwater, with all proper works, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith, for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandize, which pier and breakwater will commence at a point eighty feet or thereabouts to the eastward of the junction of the existing quay with the pier, and extend seacards nine hundred feet or thereabouts in a north-easterly direction:

(2.) A quay or pier commencing at a point two hundred and forty feet or thereabouts to the eastward of the ship-building yard belonging to Sir Bourqhier Wrey, and in the occupation of Mr. Alfred Cook:

(3.) The improvement of the existing harbour at Ilfracombe, by the conversion and deepening of the present harbour into a floating dock, with the construction of locks and all other necessary works in connection therewith;

(4.) The construction in connection with the proposed pier, breakwater, and harbour, of quays, wharves, jetties, landing places, approaches, warehouses, offices, sheds, weighing machines, and other works and conveniences.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders and others pass-tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such period not exceeding one year as may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass-ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in

any

517

Ilfracombe.

The Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

Power to take rates according to schedule to this Order.

Power for Company to contract with ^persons for use of pier.

518

Jlfraeombt.

Exemption of Custom House Officers from rates.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

Meters and weighers. Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass-ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847.

9. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, through, and from the pier breakwater, harbour, and works, by land and with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment.

10. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &o. c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works by this Order authorized.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on, within, and in connexion with the pier, breakwater, harbour, and other works.

12. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

13. This Order may be cited as The Ilfracombe Harbour Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 9th day of April 1863. (Signed) T. H. Farbeb,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Order refers. 1. — Tonnage Rates.

i.

For every vessel clearing for any port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per ton - - - 0

For every vessel clearing for any port in Europe except the Mediterranean, or for any port in the British Possessions or United States in North America, per ton 0 For any vessel clearing for any other port or place than those above specified, per ton ---- 0

For every vessel entering the docks for the sole and exclusive purpose of delivering or unloading ballast, per ton - - -0

For every vessel with a cargo from any port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per ton ---- - 0

For every vessel with a cargo from any port or place in Europe except the Mediterranean, or from any port in the British Possessions, or United States in North America, per ton - - -0

For every vessel with a cargo from any port in the Mediterranean, including Gibraltar, per ton - - -0

For every vessel with a cargo from any port or place in the Atlantic Ocean, as far south as the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, per ton - 0

For every ship with a cargo from any port or place eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or westward of Cape Horn, per ton - 1

For every vessel entering and leaving the docks or harbour without delivering or loading cargo, per ton -0

II. — Rates on Goods Shipped or Unshipped.

Alabaster, per ton -Ale, beer, or porter, per butt or pipe Ditto, per hogshead Ditto, per barrel Ditto, per kilderkin Ditto, in bottles, per dozen Alkali, per ton -Alkanet root, per cwt.

2

1

0

0

0

0

2

0

d.

4

6

9

2

4

6

9

9

0

3

0

0

6

4

2

1

0

4

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

519

Alum, per cwt -

Almonds, per cwt.

Aloes, per cwt.

Alva marina, or sea grass, per ton -

Amber, per cwt.

Ambergris, per package -

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchovies, per cwt.

Angelica, per cwt.

Animals, stuffed, each -

Annatto, per cwt. -

Anniseeds, per cwt.

Antimony, per cwt. -

Anvils, per cwt -

Apples or pears, per cwt.

Argol, per cwt -

Arrowroot, per cwt -

Arsenic, per cwt. -

Ashes, barilla, per cwt -

Pearl and pot, per cwt.

Black, per cwt. -

Bleaching, per cwt.

Common, per cwt Soda, per cwt. -

Asphaltum, per cwt -

Assafcetida, per cwt -

Bacon or pork, per cwt. -Bags, empty, per score -

Bagging, per cwt -

Ballast, per ton -

Balsam, per cwt. -

Bark, tanner's, per ton -

Medicinal, per cwt.

Barilla, per ton -

Baskets:

Large, bale, or case -

Small ditto, ditto, or bundle of goods not enumerated Large, each .....

Small or empty, each -

Basket rods, per thousand -

Bass rope, per cwt -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per tierce -

Ditto, per barrel -

Ditto, per half barrel and smaller package Beehives, per dozen -

Beer, spruce, per keg -

Beeswax, per cwt -

Bell metal, per cwt -

Bellows, smiths, each -

Bellows, common, per dozen -

Berries: bay, juniper, and yellow, per ton Betel nuts, per cwt -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt -

Blacking, per cwt. -

s. d.

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 G

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 G

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

0 2

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 G

2 0

- 0 4

- 2 0

1 0

m 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 9

- 0 6

- 3 0

- 0 2

. 0 2

- 0 2

Ilfracombe.

520

Ilfracombe.

26° & 27° VICTORI./ c. 104.

Blocks, heel, per gross

Last, per dozen -

Ship, per dozen -

Blubber, per ton -

Blue, per cwt -

Bobbins, per cask -

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Books, per cwt. -

Boots and shoes, per hogshead

Ditto, per cwt. -

Borax, per cwt.

Bottles, loose, empty, per gross

In hampers or crates, per package Bowls of wood, per dozen Boxes, empty, each -Iron for wheels, per cwt.

Bran, per sack -

Brandy, per hogshead

Brass, new, per cwt. -

Brass, old, per cwt.

Bricks, common, per thousand Fire, per thousand -Scouring, per thousand Slabjacks, per dozen -

Brimstone, per cwt -

Bristles, per 12 lbs. -

Brooms, birch, per gross

Hair, per bale -

Brooms and brush handles, per gross of 12 dozen Brush heads and stocks, per hundred -Brushes, hair, rush, or whalebone, per dozen Bugles and beads, per cwt Bullion, per small package

Ditto, per package not exceeding 51. value Bullrushes, per bundle -

Buoys, each -

Butter, per cwt. -

Ditto, per firkin -

Ditto, per pot r

Cables, hempen or coil, per ton Calamine, per cwt. -Calaminaris, lapis, per cwt Calves velves, per cwt Camel's hair, per cwt -Camphor, per cwt. -Canales, tallow, chest of 14 dozen Ditto ditto, half chest Ditto, wax, per 12 lbs.

Canella alba, per cwt.

Canes, per bundle -

Cantharides, per cwt

Canvas, per bolt -

Caoutchouc, per cwt.

Capers, per cwt.

Capillaire, per 100 gallons

s. d.

- - 0 3

. 0 2

- 0 2

- . 2 0

- 0 4

- - 1 0

_ - 1 6

- - 0 6

_ - 1 0

1 6

_ - 0 2

. - 0 6

_ - 0 2

0 2

_ - 0 2

_ 0 1

0 2

_ 1 6

- 0 2

_ - 0 1

- 1 0

2 0

_ 1 6

- - 0 2

. 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

. - 0 3

- 0 6

- - 0 2

- 0 2

- - 0 3

1 0

0 6

- 0 1

2 6

- - 0 2

- 0 2

- - 0 1

_ - 2 0

0 1

, 0 1

- 0 3

_ _ 0 4

0 6

0 6

. 0 3

_ 0 1

. 0 4

. - 0 6

- 1 0

_ 0 1

_ 0 4

_ _ 0 6

- 1 6

26" h 27" VICTORIA - c. 104

Carboys, empty, each -

Cardamoms, per cwt. - w.

Cards, wool, per dozen -Carraway seeds, per cwt. -

Carriages or coaches, each -

Gigs, each -

For guns, each -

Carts, each -

Hand, and perambulators, each -Casks, empty, not being returned packages, per puncheon Cassia, per cwt. -

Cattle, viz .:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs or sheep, each Ponies, asses, or mules, each -Caviare, per cwt.

Cement, per cwt. -Chairs, mahogany, rosewood, &c., per dozen Cane, garden, or camp-stool, per dozen Chaff cutters, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Charcoal, per sack -

Cheese, per cwt. -

Chesnuts, per bushel -

Chicory rci>t, per cwt. -

ChiKes, per cwt. -

Chimney pots, each -

China root, per cwt. -

-Ware, per hogshead -

Ditto, per tierce -

Chiranga root, per cwt -

Chart stones, per ton -

Chocolate, per cwt.

Cider or Perry, per hogshead -In bottles, per dozen -Cigars, per cwt -

Cinders, coke, and culm, per tpn ...

Cinnabar, per cwt -

Cinnamon, per cwt -

Citron, in salt, per pipe -

Ditto preserves, per cwt -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, packs not exceeding cwt

Linen or woollen, bale, pack, or truss, per cwt Linen, woollen, or cotton, in boxes, per foot -Clocks, per dozen -

Clogs, soles, per gross -

Cloyer seed, per cwt. -

Cloves, per cwt

Coals, per ton -

Cobalt, per ton -

Cochineal, per cwt fc

Cooooa, per cwt. -

Cocoa nuts, per 100 -

26 & 27 Vict. 3 IT

521

s. d.

- - 0 1

. - - 0 6

- - 0 1

- 0 3

.. _ - 7 6

- 4 0

- 1 6

m - 2 6

a. - 1 0

- - 0 3

- 0 6

. 2 0

- 1 0

- 3 0

. - 0 6

- I 6

_ m - 0 2

- 0 1

_ - 2 0

a. 1 6

- 0 9

- 1 0

- 0 1

a." - a. - 0 3

- - 0 1

- 0 3

a. a. - 0 6

- - 0 1

- 0 4

- 1 6

- . 1 0

_ -r, - 0 6

_ _ - 1 0

- 0 6

_ - 0 6

a. - 0 1

. 0 6

m - - 0 6

- 0 9

- 0 6

_ . - 1 0

a _ - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- _ - 0 4

_ - - 0 4

_ _ - 0 1

a. - 2 0

- 0 6

_ - 0 3

* a. - 0 6

- 0 9

- 2 0

- 0 6

. 0 4

a. - 0 6

Ilfracombe

522

Iffracomh$.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c-104.

Coculus indicus, per cwt.

Coffee, per cwt.

Coir, rough, press-packed, and yarn, per ton Rope, under 6 inches, per cwt. -Colours, painter's, per cwt. -

Columbo root, per cwt. -Copper, per ton

Regulus, per ton -

Furnaces, per 20 gallons Coppers and stills, per ton Copperas, per ton -

Coquilla nuts, per 1,000 Coral, per cwt. -Cordage, per cwt.

Cordials, per case of 1 dozen - Ditto, per hogshead -Coriander seed, per cwt; -Corks, per 10 gross

Cork, per cwt. -

Cotton, raw, per cwt -

Cowries, per cwt. -

Cradles, each

Cranberries, per 5 gallons -

Cream of tartar, per cwt.

Crystal, per box or package -

Cubebs, per cwt -

Cummin seed, per cwt -

Currants, per cwt.

Dates, per cwt -

Diamonds, or other precious stones, per package

Divi divi, per ton -

Dogs, each -

Down, eider, per cwt.

Dragon's blood, per cwt -

Dripstones, each -

Drugs, not enumerated, per cwt

Ditto, per cubic foot -

Earth, black, brown, red, yellow, and fuller's, per ton Earthenware, per hogshead or large crate Ditto, per tierce or small crate Ditto, per case -

Eau de Cologne, per case -

Eggs, per gross of twelve dozen, or any less quantity

Elephant's teeth, per cwt -

Empty bags and sacks (not returned), per cwt.

Epsom salts, per cwt -

Essences, per package -Euphorbium, per cwt.

Extract of oak bark, per cwt

Fans, per case or box -

Feathers, per cwt -

Ostrich, per package -Felt, per cwt. -

Figs, per cwt -

Fire arms, per chest or case -

s. d.

- - 0 4

9 0 4

. 2 0

. 9 0 2

. 9 0 3

., 0 4

_ . 3 0

« m 1 0

m 0 4

4 0

, 2 0

_ 9 1 0

m 1 0

. m 0 2

ft w 0 2

m 9 1 6

_ m m 0 3

9 0 3

_ 0 3

m m m 0 3

m m 0 3

9 0 2

9 0 2

w - 0 4

_ - 0 6

, - 0 6

0 6

- - - 0 3

. 0 3

5 0

- 1 6

m - 0 6

- m - 0 9

. - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - - 0 1

- - 1 0

- - - 1 0

- . 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - - 0 1

- . 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- 1 0

- - 9 0 4

- - - 0 2

m 1 0

m - 9 0 6

- - 9 1 6

- - m 0 2

- - m 0 3

- n 1 0

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104.

523

Pish, fresh, per cwt.

Herrings, oared, per barrel -Other cured fish, per cwt. -Flax, rough, per ton - Ditto, per dozen hanks Cordilla or tow, per ton -

Floorcloth, per cwt. -

Flour and meal, per sack or bag Flower roots, plants, or trees, in packages, at per foot Frankincense, per cwt Fruit, green or dry, per cwt Furniture, household, at per cubic foot Fuel, patent, per ton -

Flock, per bag -

Galbanum, per cwt -Gallangal, per cwt -

Galls, per cwt -

Gamboge, per cwt -

Gates, iron or wood, each

Gentian root, per cwt -

Ginger, per cwt

Ginseng, per cwt -

Glass, per crib, slide, or case

Glauber salts, per cwt -

Glue, per cwt -

Grain and seeds, not enumerated, per quarter Grapes, per barrel or jar -

Ditto, per half-barrel or box Grates and stoves, large, each

Ditto ditto middle, each -

Ditto ditto small, each -

Gravel or sand, per ton Grease or greaves, per cwt Grindstones, every 12 inches in diameter Groats, per cwt -

Guano, per ton -

Gums, not enumerated, per cwt Gunpowder, per 100 lbs.

Haberdashery and hosiery, in bales, per cwt Ditto ditto in boxes, per foot Hair, per cwt.

Hams, per cwt -

Hanks for sails, per dozen -Hardware, per cwt.

Harrows, each -

Hartall, per ton -

Hats, per box, per foot Hay, or grass, per load or ton Hay rakes, per dozen -

Hemp, per ton -

Hides, ary or salted, per cwt Wet, per cwt Hide fleshings, per cwt

Soundings or glue pieces, per cwt Hilts: Pick, per gross -

Shovel, per dozen -

3 U 2

S. d.

m - 0 2

- - 0 4

m - 0 3

- - 2 0

- - 0 1

- to 2 0

- to 0 4

- to 0 2

- - 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 2

- - 0 1

- to 1 0

- - 0 8

to 0 4

- - 0 4

- to 0 4

- - 0 4

- 0 2

to 0 4

M - 0 4

to 0 4

to 0 6

- to 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

to 0 3

to 0 2

- to 0 9

- - 0 6

- 0 3

to to 0 6

0 2

- to 0 2

- - 0 2

- 1 6

- to 0 4

- to 0 3

- to 0 4

- . 0 1

- to 0 3

- 0 3

to to 0 1

- to 0 2

. to 0 6

to' 2 0

- to 0 1

- - 1 0

- - 0 3

- to 2 0

to . 0 3

to to 0 2

- to 0 2

to 0 2

to 1 0

to- to 0 2

Iffiracombe.

26? & 2T lYilGTOMiS. c. 104.

524

Ijfractm&e.

Hones, per cwt.

Honey, per gallon -

Ditto, per cwt.

Hoofs, per cwt. -

Hoops for mast, or white hoops, per dozen

- Ditto, per bundle -

Hops, per bag - - - r

Ditto, per pocket -

Ditto, per end -

Horns, ox and cow, per 100 -

Hurdles, per dozen -

India rubber, loose, per cwt - . r

Ditto, in packages Indigo, per cwt.

Ink, China, per cwt .....

Inkle, per cwt -

Ipecacuanha, per cwt -

Iron in bars, shot, pigs, packages or loose, per ton

Ditto, hoops, chains, horseshoes and ploughshares, per ton Ditto, nails and nail rods, per cwt -

Manufactures or machinery, in package* of 20 cwt and n each, per ton -

Ditto, under 20 cwt. -

Cables, per ton -

Stamp heads, per ton -

Furnaces, at per 20 gallons -

(Cast) hollow ware, per cwt -Wire, per cwt -

Plates, tinned, per box Irons, bakers, and pudding pans, per cwt

Patten, per gross . -

Isinglass, per cwt -

Ivory, per cwt. - t

Jack screws, per pair -

Or fishing lines, per dozen -

Junk or old rope, per cwt. -

Jute, pressed, packed, per ton -

Kelp, per ton - . -

Kips, per cwt. -

Lac dye, stick, seed, and shell, per cwt Ladles, per gross -

Lamp black, per cwt.

Lanthorns, horn or glass, per dozen -

Lard, per cwt -

Laths, per 1,000 of feet, and other lengths in proportion Lavender flowers, per cwt -Lead, pigs or sheet, per ton -

Black or white, per ton -

Shot, per ton -

Leather, tanned, per cwt.

Wrought, per cwt -

Leeches, per package -

Lime juice, per hogshead -

Lime, burnt, per ton -Limestone, per ton Lint cloth, not in bales, per piece -

S. d.

- 0 1

0 1

. " V 0 6

_ e? 0 2

- - 0 2

w . 0 1

1 0

- 0 6

_ - - 0 3

- - 0 4

0 3

- 0 6

.. 0 4

- 1 6

. 1 0

m 0 6

m 0 6

. 1 0

— 1 6

- - 0 1

seding 5 tons

- - 3 0

_ . 2 0

- 2 0

- 1 6

- O 2

_ - 0 3

_ 0 1

_ 0 3

_. - 0 1

- 0 6

0 6

_ 1 0

_ 0 6

0 1

_ . 0 1

2 0

- . 1 6

_ 0 3

. _ 0 4

.. - 0 6

m . 0 4

m - 0 2

. 0 2

- 1 0

. _ 0 6

- 2 0

- ' 3 0

- 2 6

- . 0 3

- - 0 4

. - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- _ 0 6

- 0 3

26* & 270^1CT<D5WjE, A104.

s.

Liquor, in bottles, per case or box -

Liquorice or succus liquoritte, per cwt. - Ditto root, in bundles or loose, per cwt Maccaroni and vermicelli, per cwt. -Mace, per cwt -

Machinery, wood and iron mixed, not enumerated, per foot Madder and madder roots, per cwt. -

Malt, per quarter -

Manganese, per ton -

Mangles, each -

Manna, per cwt -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton -

Marble baths, each -

Mortars, per ton -

Slabs, per cwt - Bough, in packages -

Block, per ton of 12 cubic feet -

Marbles, per barrel -

Mats, per dozen -

Mannas or hampers, empty, imported, per dozen -Melons, per basket -

Melting pots, per dozen -

Millboards, per 120 boards -

Millinery, per foot -

Molasses or treacle, per cwt -

Ditto, per puncheon -

Ditto, per half ditto - Ditto, per small cask -

Mops and brushes, per dozen -

Mother-of-pearl shell, per cwt. -

Mundic, per ton -

Munjeet, per cwt.

Muriate of lime, potash, and soda, each, per cwt Musical instruments, per foot -

Muskets, per dozen -

Mustard, per firkin of 72 lbs. -

Ditto, per firkin of 36 lbs., or box Myrabolanes, per cwt

Myrrh, per cwt -

Natron, per ton -

Nankeen, per chest -

Nests of trunks, per foot -

Nickel, per ton # -

Nitrate of soda, per ton -

Nutmegs, per cwt. -

Nuts, per cwt -

Nux vomica, per cwt -

Oakum, per ton

Ochre, per ton -

Oil, castor and essential* per cwt

Fish, olive, seed, palm, and nut, per ton of 20* cwt In flasks, per chest-Ditto, per half chest Oilcake, per ton -

Olives, per barrel -

Ditto, per jar -

- - - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

. - - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - - 0 1

. - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

. - 1 G

- - 0 6

- - - 1 0

. - 5 0

- - - 3 0

- - 0 4

. - 0 3

. - 3 6

- - - 0 6

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - - 0 6

- - 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 10

- - 0 5

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- _ - 0 4

- - 0 6

. - 0 4

. _ - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 6

. - - 0 3

«- - 0 2

. - 0 3

- _ - 0 4

- - - 2 0

. - 1 0

_ . - 0 1

. - 3 0

- . - 2 0

. - 0 6

- - - 0 3

- 0 4

- 2 0

- - 2 0

- . - 0 4

- . - 2 0

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 3

- - - 2 0

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 1

525

Jffraembe.

526

Ilfracombe.

26" & 27° Victoria:, c. m.

Onions, per cwt -

Opium, per cwt, -

Oranges and lemons, per box Ditto, per chest Peel and buds, per cwt.

OrchiUa weed, per cwt.

Ores, per ton -Orpiment, per cwt.

Orris root, per owt.

Orsidew, per package -

Ox bows, per dozen Oysters, per 1,000 Paints, per cwt.

Paintings, pictures, and pier glasses, per foot Pans, warming, per dozen Ditto, brass, per cwt.

Paper, stationer's, per cwt.

Ditto, common, per cwt.

Parcels, 12 inches square, each Pattens, wood, per gross Peas, per tierce - Ditto, per barrel Pellitory root, per cwt -

Pepper, per cwt. -

Pessara, per cwt -

Pewter, per cwt.

Phials, in packages, per foot Pianofortes, each Pickles, per dozen bottles Pill boxes, per vat -

Ditto, per smaller packages Pimento, per bag of 100 lbs.

Pink root, per cwt. -Pins, per cwt -Pipe clay, per ton Pipes for smoking, per hogshead Ditto, per box or barrel Pitch, tar or resin, per barrel Plaister of Paris, per cwt.

Ploughs, each -

Plums, raisins, figs, and prunes, per cwt Potatoes, per bushel of 2 cwt.

Poultry, fowls, &c., per dozen Powder, hair, per cwt -

Pozzolano, per ton

Preserves, succades and sweetmeats, per owt Prussiate of potash, per ton -Pyroligneate of lead, per ton -Quern stones, each -Quicksilver, per bottle -Quills, stationer's, per 1,000 -

Miner's, per cwt.

Quinine, per case -

Rabbits, per score -Rags, per cwt -Ratania root, per cwt

S. d.

- m 0 2

m 0 6

0 2

- 0 4

m 0 3

m - 0 4

_ 1 0

« 0 3

0 3

- - 0 6

- 0 2

. 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 3

m - 0 3

m W 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 6

. 0 4

- 0 2

- - 0 6

- a 0 3

- 0 3

m* 0 2

- - 0 1

4 0

- 0 1

- 3 0

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

mi 0 4

- 1 6

- 1 0

- - 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 0

- - 0 3

- 0 1

- - 0 2

- 0 2

- 2 0

m 1 0

2 0

- - 1 6

- 1 0

- - 0 3

tm . 0 6

- . 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

- - 0 1

- - 0 6

* >: &. 27* VJOTOW^ c, 104.

Rhubarb, per cwt -

Bice, per tierce of cwt >

Sacks of goods not enumerated

Safflower, per cwt. -

Saffron, per cwt.

Sago, per cwt. - - i.

Sails, per cwt.

Sal ammoniac, per ton *

Salmon, per tierce or chest -Salt, per ton -

Saltpetre and cubic nitre, perxwt -

Sand, per ton -

Sarsaparilla, per cwt. -

Sassafras, per cwt - -.

Scammony, per cwt -

Scythe atones, per JOO

Scythes, per dozen -

Scuttles, coal, copper, or tinplate, per dozen

Scoops, boat per dozen -

Fish, per dozen r

Malt, per dozen -

Seed: Garden, or agricultural grass seeds, per cwt. Senna, per cwt -

Shellac, per cwt -

Shumac, per cwt -

Sieves, per dozen -

Silk, raw, per cwt -

Thrown, per cwt

Waste, per cwt -

Manufactured, per foot package Skins, dried or salted, loose or in packages, per cwt Slateetone, per ton Slates, writing, per gross -

Bags, per score Scantle, per 1,000

Common helling, per 1,000 Smalts, per ton -

Snuff, per cwt -

Soap, per cwt -

Soda, sal, per ton -

Soda water, per dozen

Sofas, each -

Solder and spelter, per cwt -Spades and shovels, per dozen -Spars. See Timber.

Spermaceti, per cwt Spetohes or tanner's waste, per ton Spirits, wine, and cider, per pipe or puncheon Ditto, per hogshead Ditto, per barrel or quarter cask Ditto, per dozen quarts -

Sponge, per cwt

Ditto, per package, under quarter of cwt Stamp litters, per dozen -Starch, per cwt. -Steel, per cwt

s. d.

- 0 6

m 0 8

0 2

» 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

. 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 6

. 0 3

. 0 3

- 0 4

0 2

.. 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

_ 0 2

0m 0 3

_ 1 0

2 0

- 0 6

0 2

_ 0 3

1 0

0 6

_ 0 1

0 10

0 6

2 0

m 0 6

m 0 3

m 1 6

0 2

1 0

- 0 2

- 0 6

0 4

2 0

- 2 0

- 1 0

n 0 6

m 0 2

r* 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

m 0 2

627

Ilfracombe.

528

Ilfracombe.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Stones:

Block, per ton -

Flag or paving, per ton -

Mill, grave, or burr, per ton -

Grinding, per ton -

Emery stone, per ton -

Not enumerated, per ton Straw, per ton -

Straw bonnets, in bales, cases, or casks, or otherwise, per foot Plait ditto ditto per foot

Sugar, soft, per cwt. -

Refined, in barrels or bags, per cwt. -Candy, per box -

Refined, per hogshead -

Sulphur, per cwt. -

Talc, per cwt. -

Tallow, per cwt.

Tapioca, per cwt. -

Tarras, per cwt. -

Tea, per'chesf -

per "half chest -

per quarter chest -

per box -

Teazles, 30 feet and under, per package -Terra Japonica, Sienna and verae, per ton Tessera, per barrel - "

Thrashing machines, each Thrumbs, per cwt. -

Tiles, per 1,000

Tin and zinc, in blocks, ingots, or barrels, per ton Plates, per box -

Tincul, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt. -

Tongues, per dozen -Tonquin beans, per cwt. -

Tortoiseshell, per cwt.

Tow, per ton -

Toys in boxes, per foot - " -

Trees for saddles, per dozen -

Trenchers, per gross -

Trucks, each - - " -

Trundle sticks, per 1,000 .

Turmeric, per cwt. -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine, per cwt. -

Turtle, each -

Twine or netting, per cwt.

Types, per cwt -

Valonia, per ton -

Varnish, per barrel -

Vegetables, not enumerated, per cwt.

Venice turpentine, per cwt. -

Verdigris, per cwt.

Vermillion, per Cwt - *-

Vinegar, per hogshead - - " -

Ditto per firkin " -

Vitriol, per carboy

». d.

m . 0 6

m m 1 0

m m m 1 0

- . 1 6

- 2 0

1 0

. 2 0

m 0 1

m. 0 2

m - 0 2

m - 0 3

m - 0 4

mm m 2 0

m mm 0 2

m m 0 4

m m 0 2

m 0 3

- m - 0 1

mm . 1 6

mm . 1 0

m - 0 6

- 0 3

0 8

, 2 0

mm 0 2

- - - 4 0

. - 0 4

- - - 2 0

. 3 0

- - 0 2

- - 2 6

0 4

- 0 2

- 0 9

- - 1 0

2 0

- - 0 1

- - - 0 3

- 0 4

. 0 6

- 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- 0 6

- - 2 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

. - 2 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

- 0 4

- - 0 1

- 1 0

- - 0 6

- 0 3

- - , 0 6

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Walnuts, per bushel Wax, scaling, per cwt.

Bees, per cwt.

Whale fins, per cwt.

Ditto, per 12 lbs. Wheelbarrows, each -Wheels, small, per pair Ditto, large, per pair Whip sticks, per bundle Whiting, per cwt.

Wick yarn, pack, per cwt. Winnowing machines, each

per ton -

Furniture, viz .: Cedar, mahogany, rose, satin, &<v -

Deals, battens, ends, boards, perjoad of 50 cubic feet.

Timber and planks, viz .: Fir, square, per load of 40 feet Ditto ditto round, per load of 50 feet

Oak, teak, wainscot, and other hard wood, per load of 40 feet Timber, not enumerated, per load of 50 feet -

Staves, pipe, per 120 -

hogshead, per 120

American, per Quebec standard of 120, of 1£ inch thick -

Ditto, Quebec, puncheon, St. John's hogshead, per 120 Spars, under inches, per dozen -

under 6 inches, per dozen -under 8 inches, per dozen -

mast pieces, under 12 inches, each Treenails or trunnels, per 1, 200 -

Ufers, under 24 feet, per 100

above 24 feet, per 100 -

Wainscot boards, per 100 -

Handspikes, per 100 -

Latlnvood, per fathom -

Wool, packs of British, per cwt. Spanish, and all other, per cwt. Shoddy, pressed, packed, per ton Worsted, yarn, per cwt.

Yams, per package -Zaffers, per cwt.

s. d.

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 8

- 0 I

- 0 1

0 o t>

. 4 0

[inn

ias,

; V 2 0

. -; 2 6

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 4

by

- 0 9

>nk

- 0 9

- 0 4

- 0 8

- I 0

- 0 3

.. 2 0

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

jed

1. 0 3

- 0 6

- 2 0

- 0 o

- 0 6

- 0 4

TIL — Bates fok the Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

l.tf. Rates of Crancage.

s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton - - - 0 3

Exceeding one ton, and not exceeding two tons - - 0 4

Exceeding two tons, and not exceeding three tons - 0 6

Exceeding three tons, and not exceeding four tons - - O 8

Exceeding four tons, and not exceeding five tons - - 0 10

Exceeding five tons, and not exceeding six tons - I 0

26 & 27 VICT. 3 X

529

7, rticom.bc.

530 26' & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104.

Ilfracombe. s. d.

---- Exceeding six tons, and not exceeding seven tons - 1 2

Exceeding seven tons, and not exceeding eight tons - .14

Exceeding eight tons, and not exceeding nine tons - . 1 8

Exceeding nine tone, and not exceeding ten tons - - .20

Exceeding ten tons - - - 3 0

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, lrf. for each ton, or part of a ton.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Company, or on the quays of the dock harbour, for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

And for every portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or any other article of passengers '

luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - 0 2

IV. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders.

For every passenger or other person who shall land from any steam or other vessel or boat m or upon the works of the Company, or any part thereof, or embark therefrom on board any steam or other vessel or boat -06

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - - 0 2

lor every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every time any sum

not exceeding - - -06

For every perambulator - -0 2

V. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, shipped or unshipped at or within the harbour or works of the Company, not exceeding 28 lbs. -Over 28 lbs., and* not exceeding 84 lbs. -

Over 34 lbs., and not exceeding 112 lbs.

Over 112 lbs., and not exceeding 140 lbs. -

Over 140 lbs., and not exceeding 196 lbs.

Over 196 lbs., and not exceeding 2 cwt.

And for every cwt. beyond -

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition -

0 2 0 4 0 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 O 4 0 1

INSTOW.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of Docks at Instate, in the County of Devon.

[Preamble.]

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and

Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the North Devon Dock made application by a Memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a Dock at Instow, in the County of Devon, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing all such powers

and

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of tolls, rates, and duties, not exceeding those in the Schedules to the advertisement published by them according to the requirements of the said Acts, and for the incorporation of a Company for the objects assigned:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is sixty thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, +he following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

North Devon Dock Company.

1. The following persons, namely, George Braginton, James Peard Ley, Thomas Burnard Chanter, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed or may subscribe to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making and maintaining the docks and works authorized by this Order, and for the other purposes of this Order; and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The North Devon Dock Company; and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold and dispose of lands and other property, for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The North Devon Dock Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4; The capital of the Company shall be the sum of sixty thousand pounds, in six thousand shares of ten pounds each. Of that sum forty thousand pounds shall be deemed the capital for the purposes of the wet dock authorized by this Order, and twenty thousand pounds shall be deemed the capital for the purposes of the other works authorized by this Order. But nothing in the present provision shall be taken to affect the dividends to be from time to time made by the Company.

5. No call shall exceed two pounds ten shillings per share, or be made payable within three months of any previous call.

6. For the purposes of the wet dock, the Company may, with the sanction of a General Meeting of the Company specially convened, borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, from time to time, for periods not exceeding ten years, such sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty thousand pounds, as may from time to time be required; but no money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital sum of forty thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one-half thereof is paid up, and until the Company proves to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been subscribed for ban& fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns legally liable for the same.

7. For the purposes of the works other than the wet dock, the Company may, with the sanotion of a General Meeting of the Company specially convened, borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, from time to time, for periods not exceeding ten years, such sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten thousand pounds, as may from time

3X2 to

531

Instow.

Incorporation of Company.

Undertakers.

Incorporation of Companies Clauses Act Capital.

Calls.

Borrowing, for wet dock.

Borrowing, for other works.

m

lustier.

to time be required; but no moijjsw slidl beim >r$e^d.lWdI ftta OftbflV?, f?f or twenty thousand pounds. 13 subscribed

; , -.:-rr- jpscribeujtor

* Oti; -, Aliid uritnilm Comrfinv1 tfbvcs to t^c'.Jyitioe.

CliuWeS Consolicjatiofi1'Acr. H|4o^ ecotiop W, bflfpre, b# go ^ei'tifijgs, , at, ch capital bas been subscribed for b0n3 fitle, rind is held bysubscrlbers or the'vr afisigog legally liable for the same.

8. The Company may, by the resolution of General Meeting specially convened, such

resolution being adopted lpy npt, Jess thaq t^rqQ-fifthsi.W y#Aqp , t»f sharsholdecs! present in tracin'or, by mfoxjr' «t _ meqt^irecf. %^ffc.bpldtf9 flfl apjTilfeirtkn »Qt etfceedtnlg

one-third part of the shares then subscribed for or taken shall be entitled; to dividtod at -ft rate to be prescribed by sucty, iqee^ing^ iypt cfzcepcjiag £>'4 peff. rifln.tww .penaiwiuw, *01 priori I y jiq'tn^' other, 'holders of share^ in the c^p; tq|, ^f thqiM^papy- - .i i, m ..... - mm

9. The mortgagees of the Company may, ^for^tb^pAympfli iff tbs arrears/of interest *

or the arrears of principal ORi:t|iei^.iv^pe^ve*M?rrt|»age9>, by the appointment

of a recei ver. The amount to authorize a requisition for ^receiver, pllftll beoaeithouaitful pounds.

1 Oj Th^ Company shall not, puj; of; apy ipflapy, raised, by, calls qx. borrftwiag. pay Snidest or dividend to apy shareholder on the amount called up ju rospeftt of ehanes-held by him: biit this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder isuoh interest on any .nioncy advanced byliim bey oqd, the amount of the, ca|b actually made, aslmay be in doiiformity with the QlAVWf pOhS>lid»tion Act, 1845.

11. The Company shall 'not, out, oj^yigp^ya^, pajf, oc idfcp9Aitany!iiw(iiey ttbat

may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade. ./..i "> n. d

12. 5very part, pfj thp, mpp $y so raieed.ahall be ijappliridvonty. ifer purposed authorized

by, tbisj)rderf .j; .ri t.iIiu l-m; , vi .Jiiyil ild.hlo'i , -.v>nlgil J-r.lM .dbd

.' .13, .Tliq, Mficliag Company shallbc! held within^x calondar'tmonthe

AMAt thq.pfa^Tug of ftPi Ac^tftfi-^ai'Maineut.eoilfiiiruiingiitliis 'Ortlerj .nt eueh dWti^i riml ptaep in the Directors determine. .l.i.am-r. a

_, |14(., The, flAptber of PwcQtpjp shall. »0*. be more th^n nine or less than 'fi vet! > . y

15. The quorum of a meeting of Directors shall be three. /m, .|iiM mil l>» via'ijo-m mu:

jG.j The., three persons. hcreimbefoere named mtyi nominate the pe'i'SftnS wlm 'sbnll, either cp^fpntly .iyifh. t)j|qin$elvpA, [W. #Bgr , of> ih*ip> iorl otlienvish , : .be 'the first Direettorii'of the* Company; and the i}irgqVars; Jip wwiimt4d rslialL conitinaeiiindoifflcd till11 fWc> first 'Gottdf*4' ^eedTO, 9f/thqiCP>RPWr:, .i . -l.- a-<...-riq l. lb; , i- ^/cnqiim'J mil' .«-

17. The qualification of a Director elected by the shareholder *, or nbmimiWd'tli ftfoi'efetfidv

M . bft/th^| {losing, I>Rdli3 flVOi (fight of i nut .lesa tbMti twenty^five shares' in' thiol capital ..yeii.iid im ]*/. l.ai' 7<i i--v.v...] -.ill lln diiw .t-«V.I m/. yis.q.jul

ISj. Trc retqungradwofjidiaDirectors..shall fwfch' time i to time be fisted'U^'A1 GerlATil Mqftiqg, and; spqljv.be divided. stwtmgl tibelDictetdrsidlm shell nktinbr nr the JH dtlfen^iHP. Cntil imy o.tb^r rcfliuhefftldARiis fixUddrt man»iri»foiTes*idt the>rerAun'dratii)n'df ^thb'Dirt^tAi*^ shall be after the rate.^ fi|rq(Jipi>dn3tl poupfle^ittednteilMii1 m*s.*i-j_»-; >i n m> > | . i >

j fto/yU:'>*'!' -i; -ml v.mi mint) -nil .'-i-

I., , M . r (i

HpJ *(; 1 ./ .' 1 i; 1 I 1i» r>'* l*J *« I

19. For the purposes. of thq worka!t authorized by this tQf'yth ^, ' time to time, by:h^re^mfenr, eAter oh; tiifee, br use, all or any part of the land shown on the dfcjJefcittfa pfeins as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed docks and works.

20. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1843, except with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be/ncoipirAtitf Witifthis Order.

ItyW Oftpjtalsiim r+i> paid

k^bo is :tp Companies

Power to create preference

shares*.' '1'- *" *

.. .!» Refiner.

No interest or dividend on calls.

roncy not to be used for deposit under Standing Orders, &c. Mo^y to bp, applied to purposes of Order

First General Meeting.

Number o(Directors. Quorum of Directors.' FirstDfrtfctots.

i>: 1

Qimiiiiffltion, o

Remuneration.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Incorporation of T^nds Clauses Acts.

U"

Power to make works.

21. Subject to the provisions of thisv Orddr^ dl^ Company may on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limit

of deviation ^hqwjiji ..on; fbe ideppeitod pla»Si mid sections; '«iake Ttttd inaitihtih thh wofk shown .on the ueposited plans. m i i

j

22. The

£<»4 & & i'#8.

M 22. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following A

In&iotc.

: ..i1 let

i '1

fnifty demnnd and i*ebeivc ih respect of^ the vessels, goods, persons," and l'ower to ilea Hereto described]'any''feWn^''riot exceeding the rates in those ?t, cs 111 s

J '..r; j (j i i , ! '>i] - V K- l\' '0TO dales.

talse-

Selu*-

incidental to the matters aforesaid.

/; 1 -, , ? ./* . '*) iRtlteS. ' 1 ' '<>''!'« 'A* > '

29. The Oothpahy nky things in the Scltecfulea Schedules specified.

24k Officeorsof Customs *, bfeingi 5ii A:he excchti6h of thelr duty, BbaTl at aU "times have Exemption of free ingress, passage, and egress iiit6^through, \md otit of; the doctfe and works by land, and (ustom Mouse with their vessels and otherwise, withriiit payment. 1 7. ^ccjflfiom

25. The rates received iuider; th1^ Order shall' ' b'e Applicable1 'for "the 'purposes- and in the Application of

Order following; and not etherwisC: n ' v; 'J T ' r ' \ rates.

(1.) To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Orderv, ll1

(2.) In payment i& an extent: not excebdltig dfie fifteenth1 flirt'toY shell rates' of^ any rerit or rentcharge payable ' in riesbbet 6f tfriylaiids' acquired' ty the Comnanv under this5 Order. oS(- ' 'i v.:' v'"' \ 'i ,; ' '

(3.) In payment} of the interest accrtring bn ilriy1 rtiondV brirroweiit iipder tTie authority of this Order'ahd in'repayment? Of the jiHircrpal or sricli money. 1', (5

(4.) To tlm usb aitdTor the pdrpoees^Of the Corhtiariy. , l v' 1)41, 1, 1 ^*w', Tl

T - -:j* v.h: oJ iivilr.i>t urbtlflri'q i.' 10 i» ( )U vl 1 ' -:m- '.-.I *'1 f

General Provisions. jlv > !: L

26. The Company <nay. provide I qqch siedhi \ bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and

necessary; for-carrying) on the! bwsirieab of tho(Oompa^y; w ^fibbthhlri^ ah^1 purposes !of this; ! Grder, i and mrty-dem^nd and; receive j isiittis1 fdr the tosAthbrtbfsU Jltby

think reasonable. .; i j o ' i

27. The Company shall hfeve the appbintmentil<]f>mytets^nd wbJghem witMn tlj(e dbeks Meters aiiJ:, ' j

and property of the Company. i p *0 A. -»v<-I 10 j n; > n e m , i; weighers.

28. The limits within i which itho lawfVII authority Of the dolfcktnft^cr fdi- the re^iilntibU of the docks may?b|e ex#rciabd, shall be. the docks^works; and p^bperty oPtWd CSbWpany; 'htid\tf ^itSv distance c^oope-tondned y(ti^s, :in»oaoh:dheieti6nithersfr6m ' <Mi: Al\} ° >%

29. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purp6^llhh4s:' bbcbbd^ng; ^troo/dintirv extent, in thb five-acresi!; ! '* " ' ': !, 11, pm"^!

i 9^t The Gpmpatty shftU be. at PildtngeMnrthority within' 'theli^11 bP>Tliti*Merchant i>iiotage. Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers conferred by that Act on Pilotage abHifiritir^. ' ° 4

: 31., ffotw^thaitanding wjibitigi in TJoe: HaiiboBrrs^ Dbdks; hYid°P!bi% Act, f847 Tyfe boats,

Tor all tbp pwposas of. which Act ibi» Order fehaJli be deeni^d tile SjjeBirtl'Axit^iit Shiilr ^eP^, l"e3* not tc; upcps^arym i'W; , tlm Company -ho provide «y life^bosft/ nibrthr ', rbdkets, tite gnchgej1 or barometer, except on a requisition in thtt behqlfnby 'th^iBda^d bf'l^a

32. This Order may be cited as The North TC^von Dock Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall., , v (i. -t ..

[0 i

Dkted this 9fb da^ of April 1863.! V*J ' '^S^ned); *; \ i; , i

" 1 m ' ,; ..J im 4ssh^t |SoWf«lf»4jr.

[Short Title.]

Rates qe VuessEi.s.

, 1 .1* t', u. .-xu.f 'h(i hi bin; /r.nrd > -im f '; :i

Fo^, ?verj) iVfts^cnt&mngr«md.ifo*>iex'CiyIsteteri'-v^fel; '/rtodk, ' /J

per ton -.. '''U'11 , "'1- i"C;" ''"'-'."of' ."8';

, i' Sailing

!; M 'Vlfc^ORIiE, c. 104.

* . / 7

[InHow. *'1 - Sailing Vessel*.

For every vessel entering the Dock with cargo from, and for every vessel leaving s. d the Dock with cargo for, any port in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark, per ton - - - 0 4

For 'every vessel entering the Dock with cargo from, and for every vessel leaving ' the Dock with cargo for, any port in Europe between the North Cape and Cape M Finisterre, per ton - - -06

Fbr fevery vessel entering the Dock with cargo from, and for every vessel leaving <the Dock with cargo for, any other pert in Europe and the Mediterranean,

per ton - - -08

For 'every vessel entering the Dock with cargo from, and for every vessel leaving

the Dock with cargo for, any other foreign port, per ton - 0 9

For every vessel entering the Dock light or in ballast, and for every vessel leaving

the Dock light or in ballast, per ton - -04

For every vessel entering the Dock laden and departing without breaking bulk,

pear ton - - -06

For every vessel which shall remain in Dock, or lie alongside, or use any wharf,

pier, breakwater, or landing place belonging to the Company, for any longer time than four weeks, provided such vessel shall not be prevented from leaving the

1 saihe by an embargo or by stress of weather; for every week beyond the said f period of four weeks the additional rate per ton of - - 0 2

SCHEDULE (B.) Rates on Goods.

Ale, beer, porter, or cider, per butt

5) »

per barrel per 3 dozen hamper per kilderkin

Alum, per ton Anchors, per owt.

Ashes, per ton -

Bacon or hams, per cwt.

Bagfc (empty), per bundle Bales and chests (dtapery), large -, small

Baskets (empty), per dozen Bedy, each Bedsteads, each Bellows, large, each t small, per bundle

Birds — Pigeons, per dozen, Quails, per dozen

; Partridges, each

v, Pheasants, each

Biscuits, per bag Books, per cwt Bottles (empty), per hamper Bran, per ton -

Brass wire, per ton Bricks or tiles, common, per 1,000 ', scouring, per 1,000

, fire, per 1,000

, Bath, per 100

, paving, and kiln tiles, per 100

0 4

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 1

0 8

0 1

0 8

0 1

0 X

0 3

0 2

0 3

0 3

0 2

0 3

0 I

0 2

0 I

0 o *

0 X

0 1

0 1

0 I

0 8

1 0

1 0

2 n

0 6

0 6

v.

26° & 27? yipTQRJ^, cviqf

>, 1.

Brimstone, per ton -

Brooms, per dozen - *

Butter, per firkin - -," ,

Candles, per cwt. -

Canyas, large bolt of. No. 1, 2, 3 - t

, small bolt of - > - m.

Carriages — 4-wheels, each

, 2-wheels, each -

, Railway, each -

, Harrows or ploughs, each

, Thrashing machines, each - 1

, Other machines, each -

Casks (empty), each -

Cattle — Horses, each -

, Oxen, cows, and bulls, each -

Cattle — Ponies, mules, and asses, each

, Calves, each -

, Lambs and sheep, each -

, Pigs, each -

Cement, or plaster of Paris, per barrel -

, , per half or quarter barrel -

, or Roman earth, per ton -

Chairs, per dozen - -, - _ -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per ton - - . -

Clay* per ton -

Coal, culm, or stone coal, per ton -Qoffee, per ton -

, per bag - -, , r.

Copper ore, per ton -

Copper, or brass, or battery, per ton -

Cordage, new, not in use, per cwt.

9> old, not in use, per cwt. -

Corkwood, per ton -

Corks, per bag -

Corn — wheat, barley, oats, malt, rye, beans, peas, tares, denomination, per quarter - r

Cotton, per bale

, per bag - -

Currants, per cwt.

Deals, per 120 -

Deal ends, per 120 -

Dogs, each

Drugs, hamper or box, each

Earthenware, large crate of, small crate of

Eggs, per chest

Engines, locomotives, each -

Feathers, per cwt.

Figs, per cwt.

Fish, salted, per cwt.

, fresh, per cwt -

Flour or meal, per ton

, per sack -

, per barrel

s.

0

d.

8

Ins tow.

, t; k

t J- *. 9 .l!

m. t - 10 1

M?*1 : 1 0 '1

t* r* , - 0 . 21

. - 0 1

- - 1 16

*; 1 ' 4 T 1 *- 1 Oi

- - I'. s o

- - - O , 6

- - 2 -6T

-, , 0- 6

1 <.', j'- - .-0 -li

., ., t - 4; i 1. o

- > i 0

- - 1* 0 i 6

* , f 'K J /i -. - o .'.a

/ - 0 1

7 .1 (iG" ' 1

.0 2

/ ., 7 1, J O 1

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 8

: > Ml , 1: ', - o 1.

- - - 0 2

- - - 1 0

- - 0 1

- - - 0 8

- - - 1 0

- - 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - 1 0

- - - o i

imd seeds of every >

- - - 0 2

n - r - -V - 1 0

- 1 o, 3

- - - 0 I

- - -10

- - 0 4

" - 7 . - - 0 1

, - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - o i

- - .20 0

i - 0 3

- - - 0

- o $

- - 0 1

r 0 8

- -01

- - .; -V - ' ' - 0 1

536

In

26° , & 27" VICflqppB, c, 104.

Fruit

Apples or pears, p£r bushef, Plums or cherries, per bushel, Grapes, per cwt.

, other fruit, per chest, bag, or basket Furniture or goods, large package, middle package

, small package

Glass or china, per hogshead -

, per tierce

, per crate

, Window glass, per side Glue, per cwt. -Grates or stoves, large, each, middle, each

, small, each

Gravel, per ton ...

Grindstones, per foot diameter Greaves, per ton -

Ggano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel Hardware, per hamper Hair, per ton -

, large, per bag, small, per bag -

Hampers (empty), per dozen Hares, each -

Hats, per box -

Hay, per ton -

Heipp, per ton -

, per bundle -

Hides, per ton -

Honey, per cwt. -

Hoops, wooden, per bundle, iron, per cwt.

Hops, per bag -

Indigo, per chest ...

, Jper scron -

Iron — Bar, bolt, pig, wrought, or iron wire, p, 1 Cast guns, gun carriages, or shot, per t broken, bushel, or ballast, per ton, Cinders, per ton, Cre, per ton -

Ironmongery, per hogshead, per tierce

, ' per barrel

, per box or keg

Kelp, pci* ton -

Lathwood, per fathom Laths, per dozen bundles -

Lead — Pig or sheet, or lead shot, per ton, White or red, per ton, Ore, per ton -

Leather, per ton -

Lime, per chaldron " -

Limestone, per Ion

Loarn, per ton -

({.

- - - 0 i

- - - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1-, -

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 4

- - - P 3-

- - - .0 9 ,

- - - b 4,

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - 7 0 6 /

- - " - 0 4/

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 2.

- - 6 1

- - 1 0

- - - 0 9

- - 0: 2

- - 0 2

- - 1 «;

- - - 0 2 ,

- --- 0 1

- - 0 '1

- - - 0 1

- - - - 0 2

- - 0 :8 ,

- - - i 'tr;

- - - o i

- - - - 0 10

- - - O' 1

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 1

- - . - 0 2

- -; - 1 r

- - — ' j*' 0 4 '

L* toil -, .: f i, .T t 0 fl

n - r ., a ,; ' , f- 1 0

- - 0

- -: *' - -si''' '

- - i '* T *- o r

- - ' t" " ' - J 0 6

- - *! i j j; . '* . - 0 4

- - - 21

- - - u -1 _ 0 1

- - -; - 0 8

- - - - W . 0 6

- - - i, 1 Ov 1

- - . I t 1 0

- - - i *' ' - ' 1 0

- - -! ' 1 *. J t 0 8

- - 18

- -, i ' n iw->

- - r /- - 0 <2

/ f - t, / VJ 0 3

HP ciifil:

. 4 *- t

m

9% '

Lbgtfbod; per ton -

Manure, per ton -

Marble, per ton -;

Mast, yard, or bowsprit — 6 in. and under 8 in., each

, 8 in. and under. 12 in., each

, 12 in. and upwards

Mhts, per 1,000 -

M5eat,; per cwt.

M61ass<es — juice or syrup, j>er ton _ -

[\>9 '* 5, per hogshead

Mp8i(^ large, per case -

small, per case -

Mustard, per keg -

Nails — Copper or brass, per ton -

, r; | Iron, per bag _ -

Nuts, perl)ag -

Oqk, quarter, 100 feet in length -

b^rk, per ton -

k^ees, large, each -

Qf) small, each -

. asp, elm, and £r plank, 100 feet superficial Oa^un^ per ton -

OiI| poff leager - - _ -

I Pefi pipe -

, j pe^ hogshead -

, pei^barrel -

, i ppe^can -

Oilfpak ^, per ton

Oker, ppr cwt.

Oxlpqw^ per dozen -

Pai^t, fpmmon, per cwt.

Pap^r, per package -

Parcels* Jarge, each- -

# nsmall, each -

Pepper ,; per bag -

Pictures* under 2 feet square, ^jach

ft o 2 fect and under feet, each li' , : *- i ' ' ii j 4 feet and upwards, ^ach ' -

PipQiClay, per ton -

Pitcji, par harrel -

Pit\\poc^ sleepers, or poles, per ton - - " -

Plants ops Trees, large, -per bundle -

l >jO small, per package -

Pork, or (beef, per tierce -

i , n . per barrel - - -

#»i\ . per half barrel -

Pota^oeq* per ton -

PoultryrrGeese, each - " -

99v [Turkeys, each - - 1

, #) [Dozen Fowls -

, tl (, Dozen Ducks -

Rabbits, iper score -

RagStor Junk, per ton -

Raisins, per cwt -

26 & 27 Vict. 3 Y

u

s.

, r>\ v 1 6

- i ' - o 1

H v - 1 - 0 8

j - 0 8; -

- 0 6

: ' - 1 0

- - 0 2 ' '

U - 0 4

- - 0 8

- . - - 6 4

- - - 1 O '

-:- 0 6

-, - 0 1

* ' - 1 8

- - 0 1

v -:. O' 1

- - 0 0

- - - i d '

- ' '-62 '

- ' *

- - - 0 6

- a' ' ' 0 8

- - - 0 9

k' -1; . - 0 6

- - O ' :j;

- - 'O' 2

- - 0 i '

- - d 8

- o i

- - - ' rt l

.. *|; } - o' l:

- .'vv/.r, -.; ?' V '

_ - 0' l't

- r.i > .--, J2

m r .1- hP iifl . it

JnAfoiv.

, t: i. -r '

n 1

r i .: r t! x

, (' jl-'b

u» , T

...ft 3

1

* A

0 3

0 2

0 2

. o I 2 -

p, S J\

l, -A

9 1

.tt 2

a i 2 - , f, O '.-8 .:

; , 01 I r

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104

538

It? 8 tow.

Rice, per ton -

, per bag Rosin, per cwt.

Salt, per ton Saltpetre, per ton -

, refined, per keg -

Sand, per ton -

Shoes and Boots, per hamper -

Shumac, per bag -

Slates, per ton Soap, per chest -

, per box -

Soda, per tierce -

, per cask -

Spades and Shovels, per dozen Starch, per chest -

, per box -

Staves, per 100 -Steel and Steel Ware, per ton Stone — Bath or block, per ton -

, Paving, per ton -

, Millstones, large, each -

, , small, each

, other stone, per ton -

Straw, per ton -

Sugar, per hogshead -

, per tierce -

, per barrel -

, per bag -Tallow, per hogshead -

, per cask .....

Tar and Turpentine, per barrel Tea, per chest of 112 lbs.

, per half chest -

, per quarter chest Timber (Oak, Ash, Elm, Fir, or other timber), per ton Tin Ore, per ton -

, Barrel or Block, each -

Tin Plates, per ton .....

, per box -

Tobacco, per hogshead -

, per chest -

, per box under 56 lbs -

Varnish, per cask -

, , small -

Vegetables, sack or hamper, each Vinegar, per pipe -

, per hogshead -

, per barrel -

Vitriol, per carboy -

"Whiting, per hogshead -

, per tierce -

, per barrel -

, per firkin -

sd.

- 0 9

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 G

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 I

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 8

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 1

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 1

-02

-01

-01

-06

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

-06

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

26° & 21° VICTORIA, c. 104.

Wines or spirits, per pipe - - -1

, per puncheon - - 0

, per hogshead - - - 0

, per quarter pipe - - 0

, casks, cases, or hampers, each - - - 0

Wool, mill, puff, and yarn, per ton - - 1

, per pack - - 0

Zinc, per cwt. - - -0

And so on in proportion for any greater or lesser quantities.

And for all other goods, wares, merchandise, and other things not enumerated above, a reasonable charge.

SCHEDULE (C.)

For every passenger who shall land from any steam or other vessel or boat in or upon the works of the Company or any part thereof, or embark therefrom on board any steam or other vessel or boat - - 0

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel or other package, falling within the description of luggage that shall be shipped from or landed in or upon such works, not exceeding the weight of 28 lbs., each - - 0

If exceeding 28 lbs., and not exceeding 84 lbs., each - - 0

, 84 lbs., , 112 lbs., each - 0

* , 112 lbs., , 140 lbs., each - - 0

, 140 lbs., , 196 lbs., each - - 0

, 196 lbs., , 2 cwt., each - - 0

If amounting to or exceeding 2 cwt., for every cwt. - - 0

And for every 20lbs. weight in addition - - 0

But if the same shall be placed on a barrow or truck, then for any quantity of luggage belonging to one person and contained in any one barrow or truck, and not exceeding the weight of 140 lbs. - - 1

d.

0

9

6

4

2

0

2

1

2

4

5

6

7

8 4 1

0

BANGOR.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Bangor, in the County of Down.

Whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, Robert Edward Ward, of Bangor Castle, in the county of Down, Esquire, as owner of the Port of Bangor in the said county, made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honorable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board of Trade to make a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to empower the said Robert Edward Ward, as promoter, to execute the works herein-after mentioned at the Port and Harbour of Bangor aforesaid, and also to levy and recover harbour rates and duties according to the Schedule annexed to the said memorial, and also to borrow a Sum not exceeding five thousand pounds on the security of the said rates for the construction of such new works as aforesaid:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the said works is Five thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoter published the advertisements and deposited the documents which he was by the last-mentioned Act required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for confirmation of this

539

Instow.

[Preamble.]

J*0

: Hinitjdr. y 1

- U

. '/. - r!

Undertakers.

.* v ' VI

Power to taka specified lands.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to mate works.

Description of works.

Power to take rates in Schedule.

Exemption of Custom House Officers.

Borrowing

power.

Application of receipts.

28H &. 27F. IHOIORIAU- c/, 104.

PrdvideasdGrideriProHriondi Ordearj will not be lof any validity toon force. whatever!); -1 / .0 .:

VJ: JNTowy^ therefore, thq Board^of .Tradeby this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act* 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Actj, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively ijti them vested, and of ever^ other power enabling them in this behalf, order — y' That, flom find immediately afor the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following Provisions shall tike effect and bedn force:— r l. 3}hesaid Robert 13dward .Ward and hid successors, owners of the Harbour of BatigOr far die tithe beifig, shall life die Undertakers of the wdrks authorised by this Order.

12. Pot the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the undertakers may from time to time, by agreement^ eritejr on, bike, or use, fill or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans, as intended tolbe taken1 for the purjioses of the proposed works.

3. The Lands fCfoisefi Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of land other Wige than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may, on the lands taken by them under this Order* and on the lines and according to the levels and within the lfojtp^f .deviation shown.qu the deposited!plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans. 1- , 7 /

A5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:—

To widen thevexigtlhgi Pier onihe^ north bide and build an extension to it in a Westerly direction, 40 be constructed of stone or wood at the option of the > i! > undertaken; also to repair the said Pier, and to repair and deepen the inside of the Harbour.

6. From and fiftCr the bomplgtion of the proposed works (of which completion a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions having jurisdiction at the Port dPBftUgbV feh&JlLb^ictoUbfcsiVe evidence, whirih Certificate such Chairman shall sign find give on being fifitisfied of siidb1 completion,) the Wiiddrtakers may demaud and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, and things described in the Schedule hereto, as well at the present Pier; 'wooden jetty, and other existing works, as also at the proposed works when completed, any fium not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified; but nothing in this Order shall prevent the undertakers from taking at the existing works, before the completion of the proposed Wdrks, any rates which they would have been entitled to take there if this Order had not been made.

u7. 'Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free iigress, passage, and egress, on, into, along, through, and out of the Pier and Harbour |by land, and with their vessels and otherwise without payment.

. 8 .; The undertakers may borrow on mortgage or bond at interest such sum or sums of mqney as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds. They shall regularly keep dpwfi, the interest accruing on the money so borrowed, and shall not allow such interest accumulate, and shall repay the money borrowed within fifty years from the time of borrowing., '

9. The rfi^es received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the Order, following, find n<ft otherwise:— ,

(1.) In paying the expenses of and connected with the applying for, obtaining, and making of this Order:

1 (2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the - existing Harbour and works, and of the new^works authorized by this Order:

(3.) In paying tile interest on any money borrowed Under this Order, and in or towards re payment of the principal of such money j (4.) And as to the surplus revenue of the Harbour, that is to6ay, so ntiioh of the rates as may rcmfiiu.aftfir aniweriiig the three several purposes aforesaid* the same shall be nppUefiblaiby the undertakers to and for their, own proper use and benefit.

, , , 1 1 I i 10. The

3flH&, 27f.WairaKI^ oi'ilOt

10. The* following provSsloiis of The Itarboufri^ Dock^ audBJers fGiausee lAfct, 1 $47, *h*M not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16, 17, 18r lS^5yE$, 49, and 601 v ' 'If^TWc Wdertnke!^1 'slihll'^'IraVe 'the :nbdojnt'iiient of1 metis' *ihd' Weigheri tvithhpthe i^rbonr .; ', lT /rr; \l, *., *; *.! /

12. The mdertaWs, niay provide such (stcai^n^ipea, steam Vessels, piling engines,

cViviqg bpUa, balWt ljgVte^7 rubbish lighter ^, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for effectuating any of rthje purposes of this Order, and may demand and receivp such sums for the, use of the same as they think piisonpble, , '

13. The undertakers shall be a pilotage, authority* nnd R authority within the

i^caning of TbqSierchant Shipping A^L Acte. amending the same, with all the powers thereby conferred on pilotage anthojatics apd on local authorities, f, J.

14. This Order may be dted as TOe Bangor^tiarbour Or(ler>^S63., -, ,; .

Board of Trade, Whitehall.\ y, , ,; , : tj i; }, i., j,

Pated this lQth day of April 1863.1 f / . ^Signed^ T. , P. Fabrer, -

. i: ^; - i i Assistant Secretary.

541

Excqjtion.of parts of Harbours Clauses Act. Meters and \reighers. Provision of engines, lighters, &c.

Pilotage and lights, buoy8, and beacons.

[Short title.]

SCHEDULE referred tq in the foregoing Orofyr.

I. — Rates on Vessels entering or using tfiiE existing HARBotrc, Landing Stage,

or New Works. i;

* *. - *1 .< 11 i* .m . d.

For every passenger steamer plying between Bangor and, Belfast, dr between Bafngor and any place situate as near to Banger as Belfast is, or neater, — for each trip . - - per register ton 0 0£

For every other vessel ---- >per register ton 0 2

. f . All pleasure boats, boats entirely open, and ffching boats exempt; .; ,

II. — Rates on Goods shipped oh unshipped, received or peeiverep, withinj or at the Existing Harbour, or Landing Stage, oh at tjutNew Works.

- ..., dL

Bricks - -, r . - - per ton 0 1£

Cattle — rbulls, cows, oxen, and horses r, - each 0 1

Cattle — calves, pigs, sheep, and lambs - - per score 0 3

Clover seed - - ., - per sack 0 1 $

Coals - - - ., per iOn 0 1£

Deals - - per]2Qj, .l -0

Flour. " ' - - - per top 0 3

Potatoes - - . - - - /, -.[' per. ton, 0, 3|(

Gunpowder - - - per barrel, 0

Iron - - ': - - per ton 0

Lead or other ores - -; - r jper ton 0

Meal - ' ' - ' M "; ', t ' - - per ton () 1

Salt rods - - 1 ' - - pei* ton 0' 1

Slates - . ' - ' ' ' - 1 - pef ton 0 li

Stones (other than limestone) - - . - - per ton 0 11-

Tiles - -; - - - per 1,000 0 4

Timber of all kinds, except ilea's - 7: ' ^erTlbad bf 5$ feet, 0 2!

All other Goods not particularli/ enumerated ubox>e\ <\ucep£ time stands Light goods r - i, *(t; M; .rr pe^ibajivnlbiulki 0 1

Heavy'goods- m - u. v 1 cr -r.< ln-[! uaper/ton 9 2

In changing the rates on goodk, thd gross weight o measurement1 of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and (jnnfntitios than those dboVe Bpeerfled, a proportion of therespeotive rate shall be charged. 15 =' i i- i . 1 / r

Five cubic feet, not exceeding 2| <nvt. to be nited as ^barrel but when the weight of five cubiefeetds gr^tttQr than 24 ewk, lthen 2| ciyti to be rated 6s h'barrel bulk.

III. — Rates

M2

Bangor.

[Preamble.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

First — Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding Exceeding ton and not exceeding Exceeding 2 tons and not exceeding -Exceeding 3 tons and not exceeding Exceeding tons and not exceeding Exceeding 5 tons and not exceeding

Exceeding 6 tons

) VIDED AT THE

s. <L

1 ton 0 H

2 tons 0 2

3 tons 0 3

tons 0 4

5 tons 0 5

6 tons 0 6

- 0 7

Second. — Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed Id. for each ton or part of a ton.

Third. — Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 8 barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the harbour for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d., and the sum of ljrf. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

t

CHATHAM.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Purchase, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Chatham Sun Pier at Chatham, in the County of Kent.

Whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, application was made by or on behalf of the promoters of the undertaking herein-after mentioned by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, representing that the pier called the Chatham Sun Pier was then a private pier, over which there were no public rights, but that the use thereof by the public was permissive only upon payment of certain rates of charge, variable at discretion by the owner of such pier for the time being; that it would be of public advantage if such pier were vested in a duly constituted public body, and were made a public pier, subject to legal rates of charge, and to such restrictions and regulations as the situation and mode of construction of such pier might render expedient; and that the same could be then purchased by or on behalf of the Local Board of Health for the district of Chatham Extra, in the county of Kent, on reasonable terms; and application was thereby made to the Board of Trade, among other things, to make a Provisional Order, and thereby to empower the Local Board of Health to purchase by voluntary contract, and to hold to them and their successors as a Corporation, and to maintain, the pier, with the entrance and right of approach, and other accommodations or interests in or in connexion with it; and also to empower the Local Board of Health and their successors to levy rates and to raise money by mortgage of the pier and rates, or otherwise, with such other provisions in connexion with or for the promotion of the objects of that application as the Board of Trade might deem expedient:

And whereas the estimated expenditure for the purposes by the said memorial proposed to be effected is Two thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this

Provisional

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity

or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

1. The Local Board of Health for the district of Chatham Extra, in the county of Kent, and their successors in office, herein-after called The Local Board, shall be and are hereby incorporated for the purposes of this Order by the name of The Local Board of Health for the District of Chatham Extra, with perpetual succession and a common seal, with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Order.

2. The Local Board shall be the undertakers of the works hereby authorized to be purchased by them.

3. No rates or funds by law authorized to be levied by or otherwise vested in the Local Board, other than the money and rates which may be levied or received by them under or by the effect of this Order, shall be applicable for any purpose hereby authorized: but, subject to this restriction, and any other provisions of this Order, and any Acts incorporated herewith, the powers and functions hereby vested in the Local Board shall be exercised and carried into effect by them as part of their general powers and functions, and with and subject to the like privileges, indemnities, and regulations.

4. For the purposes of this Order, the Local Board may purchase, by agreement, by or out of the funds hereby authorized to be raised by them, and shall afterwards maintain, the pier commonly called the Sun Pier, situate within the aforesaid district of Chatham Extra, and extending from a place in Chatham Extra known as the Roadway to the Town Quay, into the River Medway, with the entrance and right of approach to such pier, and any other accommodations or interests in or in connexion with such pier, and all fixtures, fittings, and things in, upon, or about the same.

5. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

6. The Local Board shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in the whole one acre.

7. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, except the following sections thereof, namely sections 6 to 55, both inclusive, and section 84, shall be incorporated with this Order.

8. The Local Board may borrow on mortgage, or on bond or debenture, at interest, on the security of the Pier and property to be purchased by them under this Order, or of the rates to be levied by them under this Order, or of both, any sums of money which may be required for the purposes authorized by this Order, not exceeding two thousand pounds.

9. The mortgagees of the Local Board may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be two hundred pounds.

10. In order to create a sinking fund for the discharge of the principal money so borrowed, the Local Board shall yearly set apart the surplus revenue arising from the Pier, and shall from time to time cause the same to be invested in the purchase of Exchequer Bills or other Government securities, and to be increased by way of accumulation until the same shall be of sufficient amount to pay off the principal debt, or any part thereof, which the Local Board may think ought to be then paid, and then the same shall be applied in such payment.

11. Any money borrowed under this Order, and discharged by means of the sinking fund, shtdl not be re-borrowed; but any money borrowed and discharged by any means other than the sinking fund may be reborrowed, and so toties quoties.

12. Every

543

Chatham.

Incorporation of Local Board of Health for purposes of the Order.

The undertakers.

General funds of Local Board not applicable for purposes of Order.

Power to purchase Pier.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Incorporation of parts of Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

Borrowing.

Receiver.

Sinking Fund.

Re-borrowing,

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Power to take rates according to Schedule to this Order. Exemptions from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the Pier.

Pass tickets not to be transferable.

Limitation of weight of goods and animals.

Time at which liability to rates is to commence.

Certain clauses of Harbours, &c. Clauses not incorporated.

" Prescribed limits" defined.

Application of rates.

ffi27, ° clw-

12. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the

purposes authorized by this Order. '

13. The Local Board may demand and receive, in respect of the persons, animals, fish,

meat, poultry, game, goods* and things in the Schedule hereto described, any strins not exceeding the Tates in tha(: Schedule specified* '

14. Officers of Cu^toips, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, intp, along, from, and out of the Pier by land, and with their vessels aqd otherwise, without payment; and all persons using the Pier while acting in thq employment or service (whether naval, military, or civil) of Her Majesty, and for the purpose of such employment or service, and also all persons landing at the Pier fjroip or requiring access by means thereof to any boat or vessel belonging to Her Majesty, and then lying within the prescribed limits, or using the Pier on business of Her Majesty for the purpose of access to 6r tfetitrn from Her Majesty's Dockyard at Chatham, shall not in respect of such user be charged with any such rate as Avould be otherwise payable.

15. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets

for the use of the Pier, on such terms, and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon; but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass-ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any Avay in contravention, of this provision, or uses; or attempts to use any falpe or coum terfeit pass-ticket, he shall fox every such offence he liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be depmec} " the Special Act." ., «i m

16. No article or quantity of - goods which alone, or as a single package, or other aggregate, exceeds in weight four hundred and forty-eight pounds, and no animal which singly exceeds that weight, shall be shipped or unshipped at or otherwise brought upon the Pier, except under and subject to the terms of any special arrangement in that behalf with the Local Board.

17. The Local Board shall, as soon as may be after purchasing thp Pier, continue thp old Hard way'from its present termination up to the Town Quay, the construction of the new portion to correspond Avith that of the old. The Local Board shall not take any rates until they have so completed the continuation of the HardAvay, of which completion a certificate under the hand of the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the county of Kent shall be conclusive evidence; and such Chairman shall sign such certificate on proof being adduced to him of such completion.

18. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order — namely, sections 16 to 19, both inclusive, and sections 25 and 26; and for all the purposes of this Order, the term "the Special Act " in that Act shall mean this Order, and the term "the prescribed limits" in that Act and this Order shall include the Pier and works hereby authorized to be purchased, and the space of seven yards in the River Medway, in front of the Avhole length of the landing stage at the head of the Pier.

19. The Local Board shall apply all rates received under this Order for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise

(1.) In paying the costs of and connected Avith the preparation and making of this Order.

(2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the pier and works hereby authorized to be purchased, and all other outgoings in respect thereof.

(3.), In paying the interest on any money borrowed under this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof.

(4.) As to the surplus revenue arising from the Pier, that is to say, any surplus of such rates for the time being, remaining after the making of the payments hereinbefore directed, ' — in creating a sinking fund in manner in this Order specified.

20. The

26" & 27° VIC^ofel^E, c. 104.

20. The Local Board shall constitute the Harbour Authority for or in connexion with the Pier, within the prescribed limits.

2L The Local Board shall have the appointment of motors and weighers on the Pier.

22. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, fehall apply to the Pier.

23. Nothing in this Order shall prejudice or derogate from such of the* rights, powfers, liberties, jurisdictions, authorities, duets, franchises, and privileges, of the Mayor and Corporation of the City of Rochester, or their successors, as arc not inconsistent with or contrary to the provisions of this Order.

24. This Order may be cited as The Chatham Sun Pier Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall .;

Dated this 10th day of April 1863.< (Signed) T. II. Faubek,

i Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULE.

I. — Rates on Passengers Landing on or Embarking from the Pier,

.v d

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the said pier from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, passage or pleasure boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - -01

II. — Rates on Animals, Fisn, Meat, Poultry, Game, and Good& SrirrrED or

UNSHIPPED AT THE PlER,

. - . r.

1. Animals *

For every calf, sheep, goat, hog, or other animal of the weight of forty-eight pounds

or upwards - -03

For every lamb, kid, pig, or other animal under the weight of forty-eight pounds - 0 :2

2. Fish.

For every score of fresh cod, skait, or ling - - -03

For every separate quantity, or distinct package, barrel, or cask of dried or cured fish of any kind and of any weight,

Not exceeding twenty-eight pounds - - - O 1

Exceeding twenty-eight pounds and not exceeding fifty-six pounds - - 0 2

Exceeding fifty-six pounds and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds - 03

Exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, and not exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds - 04

Exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds, and not exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds - - 0 5

If exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds, then for every twenty-eight pounds, or part of twenty-eight pounds - -01

For every score of haddock, codlings, mackerel, soles, lobsters, pound-crabs, or cray-fish - - - 01

For every turbot, salmon, halibut, or sturgeon - - - 0 1

For every score pounds of eels - - - 0 1

For every bushel of oysters - - -01

For every kit of salmon - - -02

For every half-kifc of salmon - - 01

For every half-bushel of fredi herrings or sprats, or . of other fish not - before specified - -; - - . -0 0J

26 & 27 Vict. 3 Z

Harbour

authority.

Meters oml weighers.

[Short Title.]

Part V. of 21 & $5 Vict. c. 47. to apply Saving for' rights of Corporation of Rochester.

546

Chatham,

[Preamble.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

3. Meat.

For every quarter of beef - - 0

For every carcase of mutton, veal, lamb, kid, or pork - 0

For every quantity of meat cut up of any weight,

Not exceeding twenty-eight pounds - - - 0

Exceeding twenty-eight pounds and not exceeding fifty-six pounds - - 0

Exceeding fifty-six pounds and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds - - - 0

Exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds and not exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds - - -0

Exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds and not exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds - - 0

If exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds, then for every twenty-eight

pounds, or part of twenty-eight pounds - - 0

4. Poultry and Game.

For every turkey, guinea-fowl, goose, pheasant, or hare - - 0

For every pair of fowls, partridges, grouse, woodcocks, wild ducks, or rabbits - 0

For every half-dozen of pigeons or other birds not before specified - - 0

5. Goods.

For every pound weight of gunpowder - - 0

For every empty pipe, butt, puncheon, or other larger cask - 0

For every empty smaller cask - 0

For every separate article, basket, cask, package, or parcel of furniture, goods, wares, merchandise, matters or things whatsoever (not herein-before expressly named or provided for, and not being bona fide the personal luggage of and accompanying passengers landing on or embarking from the pier), of any weight.

Not exceeding twenty-eight pounds - - - 0

Exceeding twenty-eight pounds and not exceeding fifty-six pounds - 0

Exceeding fifty-six pounds and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds - -- -- - . -o

Exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds and not exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds - - -0

Exceeding two hundred and twenty-four pounds and not exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds - - 0

If exceeding three hundred and thirty-six pounds, then* for every twenty-eight pounds or part of twenty-eight pounds - - 0

d.

3

2

1

2

3

4

5 1

0 *

0 *

H

6

3

2

01

1

2

3

4 1

BRAY.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier and Harbour at Bray, in the County of Wicklow,

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Bray Pier and Harbour made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth that the construction of a Pier, or Piers, so as to form a Harbour at Bray, in the County of Wicklow, which could be used for the recreation of the inhabitants and visitors of that town, and for the embarking of passengers and other useful purposes, would be of great public and local advantage, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing powers and privileges for the complete

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104. 547

execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls, not exceeding those Bray. mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed, and also for the incorporation of a Company:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Twenty thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act,

1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force

Bray Pier and Harbour Company.

1. The following persons, namely, The Honourable Francis Henry Needham, William Incorporation Justin O'Driscoll, and Francis Reynolds, and all other persons and corporations, who of Company, have subscribed or may subscribe to the undertaking by this Order authorized, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby united

into a company for the purpose of making and maintaining the Pier and Harbour and Works by this Order authorized, and for the other purposes of this Order; and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Bray Pier and Harbour Company; and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property, for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Order.

2. The Bray Pier and Harbour Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the The underundertakers of the works authorized by this Order. takers.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be incorporated with this

Order. incorporated.

4. The capital of the Company shall be 20,000L in 2,000 shares of 10/. each. Capital.

5. No call shall exceed 21. per share; successive calls shall not be made at a less interval Calls, than three months.

6. The Company may, from time to time, borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, such Borrowing

sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order; ^T0111 time

but no money shall be borrowed until the whole of the capital of 20,000l. is subscribed time *

for or taken, and until one half thereof is actually paid up, and until the Company proves to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been subscribed for bon& fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns, and that such subscribers or their assigns are legally liable for the same (of which proof having been given, the certificate of such Justice under that section shall be sufficient evidence).

7. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, Receiver, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be 500/.

8. The Company shall not out of any money raised by calls or borrowing pay interest No interest or

or dividend to any shareholder on the amount of calls made in respect of shares held by on

him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such

interest on money advanced by him beyond the amount of the calls actually made as is in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

9. The Company shall not out of any money so raised pay or deposit any money that Money not to

may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the under Board of Trade. standing

3 Z 2 10. Every Orders, &c.

m

?{tf «i c. 104.

10. Every part of the pioncy so rais9<l shall hp. applied only for purposes by this Order

Money to be

Tt'^FZ: ftuthombd.

poses of Ol der., , (r, ' , it > 11 n . -. i -

general1 II. The firet; general- imepti, fig of the Qpmpany shall be held within three months after ic passing ot an Act of Parliament confirming this Order.

BWC*in^ the passing

Number of Directors.

12. The number of Directors shall be seven, with power to the Company to reduce the number, but not below five.

Quorum of: Directors.

First Directors.

Qualification of Directors.

M1 Si The qtiorum of at m'edting of Directors shall be three.

14. The three person? herein-before named, and such four other persons os the said three persons, or any two of them, shall nominate, slip.ll be the first Directors.

15. The qualification of a Pirector elected by the shareholders, or nominated as aforesaid, shall be the possession in his erwn right of not leds than twenty shares.

, Lands;

Power to take 16. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from specified land* time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the by agreeing, deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

Lands Clauses, 17k Tli© Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and Actsincorpo- taking of lands otherwise than by agreement* and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts rate Amendment Act> 1860, shall fee incorporated with this Order.

Land for extra- 18. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in

ordinary pur- extent in the whole four, acres.

poses.

Works.

Power to make 19. Subject to the provisions of this.Oid^r, the Company may, on the lands taken by works. them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of

deviation shown t>n the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

Description of t 20, The, works by this Order authorized comprise the following:—

Pier and Har- Pier, or Piers, Harbour, and Works, partly above and partly below low-water mark,

ur' at or near the place on the shore called and known as Bray's Point, which said Pier,

, or Pjers, Harbour, and Works, will commence on the headland to the north of, and, about 160 yards from, the bridge over the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway, and will be extended towards the sea in a north-easterly direction, and will be wholly situate in the toWnland of Newcourt, or being extra-parochial, adjacent thereto, in the perish of Bray and county of Wicklow, together with all necessary and convenient quays, wharfs, jetties, lauding places, works, and conveniences connected therewith respectively .; .

1 Rates. i '

Power to take 21., Tl\c Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and rates according things in the Schedule hereto described, Ony sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule

to Schedule to ni.

this Order. Specified.

Custom House 22. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their* duty, shall at all times have Officers exempt free ing^?, p^sj^e, and egress, on, into, along, through, and out of the Piers and Harbour, from rates. by iang^ an(] with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment.

PowerforCom- 23. The Company may grant to foot passengers and promenaders or others pass or return with^reons^ t^ketk for the Use of the Piers and Harbour, on such terms and for such period, not 7or tb^nseof exceeding 6ne year, as may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any

the Pier. particular' peiteori.! Such a pass'or return ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not bo

used by nfty peiison except the person for whom it was granted, or by any person after the period *limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence bo liable'to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and ApplibablU under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed " the Special Act."

26° & 27° VICTORIAt': 104.

24. Persons boml fide engaged in launching Any vessel for tW purpose of going to the

assistance of a vessel in distress, or persons landing from a vessel in distress, or , a single parcel carried by any passenger landing at or embarking from the Piers and Harbour, shall be exempt from the payment of rates unde* this Order .: 1 1' 1 ' ,

General Provisions.

25. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on and within the

Piers and Harbour. I

26. 5 he Company may provide such steam engines, steatn vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

27. The Company shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers by that Act conferred on pilotage authorities and on local authorities.

28. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, Act* 1861> shall apply to the PierS

and Harbour authorized by this Order.

29. Sections 16, 17, 18, and 19, of The Harbours, Docks, 4 and Piers CkueeA Aci, 1847,

shall not be incorporated with this Order .:

30. This Order may be cited as The Bray Pier and Harbour Order> 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall !; .

Dated this 13th day of April 1863. (Signed) T. H. FakkeR,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULE.

I. — Rates off Vessels using the Pier, 09 j^tering or using the Harbour.

d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - ' 1 - per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons per ton 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under IOO tons- per ton 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and undier 150 torts - - perton: 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons, and upwards - prtr toh T 0

All lighters for any vessel in the roads shall be exempt from nates; but if the vessel do not use the Pier, or enter or use the Harbour or precincts thereof, every lighter shall pay for each trip - - per ton 0 2

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods or dried or salted fish Caeh 0 6

All drave or large boats using the Pier, or entering or using the Harbour or Precincts

thereof with fresh fish - - each 0 4

For every vessel remaining in the Harbour or precincts thereof, more than one

calendar month, for every ton register measurement - 10 d

And every fraction of a calendar month -over and above one calendar month shall be considered as one calendar month.

II. — Rates on Goods shipped on uNsmrrF.D at .tub. P*eb ob Harbour.

Ale - - . ' - per hogshead .0 6

Ale (bottled) - - - ', - j per barrel fop Ik, 0 8

Anchor - - - i " per ewt. O 0

Anchor stock - 7 - - per fpotxun 0 2

Bark# - - ", \ . r . lS per tow, 1 0

Bedding (seamen's) - - - . j - 0 3

Beef or pork - -, , per; ton, 14

Beef or pork - - . 1 per barrel Q 2

Blubber - -, - (per tpp, 25j0 gallons I 0

Bone dust - - } / lt, r, p^n, O 8

Bones of cattle - '* - - per ton 0 6

549

Bray.

Further exemption from rates.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and

beacons.

Pttrt V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply. Liffe boats, tide gauges, &c.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

550

Bray.

Bottles - - " -

Bricks -

Butter -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls .....

Cows and oxen -

Calves -

Horses -

Pigs .....

Sheep -

Lambs -

Chalk .....

Cheese -

Chimney cans -

Clay (fire, manufactured) -

Clay (common) -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c.

Coaches:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages Coals (Scotch, English, smithy, and culm)

Copper -

Corks -

Cora:

Wheat and malt -

Barley, beans, peas, tares, oats, rye, buckwheat, and Indian Crystal -

Dissolved bones and other artificial manures -

Dogs (sporting only) -

Drugs -

Earthenware -

Eggs - -..

Fish (dried and halted) -

Haddocks, cod, salmon, and all fresh fish not enumerated Flax -

Flour i.

Flour -

Fruit -

Glass -

Groceries, viz .:

Almonds, figs, cinnamon, currants, pepper, pimento, plums, the like -

Guano -

Gunpowder -

Hams, bacon, or tongues -

Hardware -

Hares and rabbits -

Any less (Quantity -

Hay -

Hemp -

Herrings (fresh) -

Herrings (cu*ed) -

per gross per 1,000 per barrel per puncheon

0

0

0

0

each each each each each per score

- per score

- per ton per cwt. per 100 per ton per ton

per barrel bulk

each

each

- per ton per ton

" per barrel bulk

- per quarter corn per quarter

per barrel bulk

per ton each

per barrel bulk

per crate

- per barrel bulk

per ton

- per barrel bulk

per ton per sack per barrel per bushel or sieve

- per barrel bulk

prunes, raisins, and per barrel bulk per ton

- per barrel

- per cwt. - per barrel bulk

- per dozen

- per ton per ton

- per cran per barrel

0

0

0

1

0

0

0

d.

2

8

4

3

3

2

0 0

0 01 0 2 0 0£ 0 6

o

8

4

4

6

2

2

0 8 0 6

0 4

1 4 0 2

0 3 0 2 0 2

0 8 0 2 0 3

0 8 0 2

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

4

2

4

2

H

2

3

0 3 0 8 0 3

0

0

0

0

0

1

0

0

3

3 2 1 8

4 1 3

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (salted or dried) -Calf skins -

Sheep skins ---- Lamb skins -

Hoops of wood .....

Household furniture (new) -

Household furniture (belonging to parties changing

Husbandry utensils -

Husbandry utensils -

Iron:

Bar, bolt, and rod -

Pig and old

Manufactured, cast, and wrought -Chain cables -Kelp -

Lead (all kinds) -

Leather (tanned and dressed) -

Lime -

Limestone -

Loam or moulding sand -

Machinery -

Machinery -Manure (street) -

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards Under 10 inches -Meal -

Meat (fresh) -

Meat (fresh) -

Milk .....

Musical instruments ---- Oils -

Ores:

Copper, iron, lead, and other ores -Oysters -

Passengers luggage, not exceeding barrels bulk, free.

Peats -

Pitch .....

Porter -

Porter (bottled) -

Potatoes -

Poultry, including pigeons, game, &c.

Any less quantity -Bags (linen) -

Other rags, old rope, and the like Rape cakes -

Salt -

Seeds:

Flax and rape -

Flax .....

Flax, in bulk -

Clover -

Garden -

Hemp and canary -

Rye grass -

per ton per 120 per 120

(U

4

10

10

- per 120 0 5

per 1, 500 1 0

per barrel bulk 0 1

r residences only)

per 10 barrels bulk 0 6

per ton 1 4

- per barrel bulk 0 2

per ton 1 4

per ton 0 8

- per cwt. 0 2

per ton 1 4

per ton 0 8

per ton 1 4

- per ton 1 4

chaldron of 16 bolls 1 4

per ton 0 3

per ton 0 3

per ton 1 4

per barrel bulk 0 3

per ton 0 2

each 4 6

each 3 0

per bag of 280 lbs. 0 2

per ton 1 4

per barrel 0 2

per 3 large pitchers 0 Oi

per barrel bulk 0 3

per ton 1 0

per ton 0 8

per bushel 0 8

above barrels bulk

per barrel bulk 0 3

per ton 0 3

per barrel 0 3

per hogshead 0 4

per barrel bulk 0 2

per ton 0 6

per dozen 0 1

- 0 o *

per ton 1 4

per ton 0 10

per ton 0 8

per ton 0 10

per hogshead 0 G

per barrel 0 3

per quarter 0 2

per ton 1 4

per ton 1 4

per ton 1 4

- per 8 bushel 0 2

551

Bray.

552

2fi" & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104.

Bray.

Shrimp baskets -Skin, seal

Slates, under size -Sizeable

Over size -Spirits (Foreign and British)

Stones:

Rubble

Hewn ashlar freestone

Rough ashlar freestone -

Pavement not exceeding 3 inches thick

Pavement above 3 inches thick - n -

Scythe stones -

Mill stones -

d.

each 0 2

per 120' 0 per 1, 00^ 0 6

per 1,000 0 10

per 1,000 1 4

per hogshead of >6 gallons 0 8

per ton of 16 cubic feet 0 2

per ton of 16 cubic feet 0 4 per ton of 16 cubic feet 0 3

per 70 feet 0 4 per 16 cubic feet 0 4

r score 0 I each 0 8

Steel -

Sugar -Tallow Tar

Tea .....

Tiles (roofing) -

Tiles or piping for draining -

Tin of all kinds

Tobacco -

Treenails, under two feet in length Treenails, exceeding two feet in length Turnips -

Turpentine -

Vegetables Vinegar -

Vitriol -

Whalebone -Wine -Wine (bottled)

per ton 1 4

- per ton 1 4

- per ton 1 4

per barrel 0 &

per chest 0 3

- per 1,000 0 i)

- per 1,000 0 8

per ton I 4

per ton 2 6r

per 1,000 0 6

per 1,000 1 0

per ton Q (f

per hogshead 0 8

per cartload 0 2

per hogshead 0 6

per carboy 0 2

per ton 2 6

per hogshead 0 8,

per barrel bulk 0 4

Wood:

Fir, ping, and otjicr descriptions not enumerated - per lead of 50 feqt Q 10 Oak or wains c< t ---- per load of 50 feet 1 0

Firewood ---- per fathom 0 6

Laths and lath wood - per fathom of 216 cubic feet 2 6{

Handspokes - - - per 120 0 10

Oars ---- igQ 2 6

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter,

pei; 120 2 0

Spars, 2* inches in diameter and under - per, 120 1 4;

Spars, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diatuetes

per IgQ, 6 6

Spars of a)l lengths, aboye and under 6 inches in diameter - per 120, 12, 0} Spokes of wheels nolj exceeding two feet in length - per 120 0 4

Exceeding two feet in length - - per.120 0 6

Wedges - - -per 1,000 1 0

Pipe staves, and others in proportion - - per standard hundred 1 0

Lignum vitre, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood - - per ton 1 4

Wool - - per cwt 0 2

Yarn - -- -- -- per ton 1 4

Zinc

per ton I 4

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

V # - - . .1 <rr:i*. d.

Eight Goods - -, - - per barrel bulk 0 2

JJc^y, Goods, - - per ton .1 4

In, (charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all good# to-be, taken* and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above > specified, a.proportion of t^he respective rates shall be charged*: ? . -

Five cubic feet, not exceeding 2\ cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of 5 cubic feet is greater than cwt, then 2£ cwt. to be rated as, a barrel bulk. ' " 1

; I:* 1 i j - r

ITT. — Rates fob Use of Chanes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds .;

1st Rates of Cranearje. '' 1 ' ' 1 '; l

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - - 0 3

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - - 0 4

Exceeding 2 tons and not exceeding 3 tons - - -06

Exceeding 3 tons and not exceeding tons - - -: 0 "8

Exceeding tons and not exceeding 5 tons - - - 0 10

Exceeding 5 tons and not exceeding 6 tons - -10

Exceeding 6 tons and not exceeding 7 tons - — - - I 2

Exceeding 7 tons and not exceeding 8 tons - - 1 4

Exceeding 8 tpns and not exceeding 9 tons - -, > - > - 1 8

Exceeding 9 tons and not exceeding 10 tons - v l (- 2- .0

Exceedingr 10 tons - - - — 3 i 0

1 1 1 r 1 2nd. Weighing Machines. ' . i, .;

> } 'i -I [, v i iii , t > t. v!> I

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a-ton - - - . .0 11

I., I I - - ' I

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of igoofls of 8 barrels-bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or works of the Pier, for a longer period than 48 hours, r f the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 Jrf. per ton for each day during which such goods. / shall remain ^ftcr the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau^ trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for / each day or part of a day, per package - - 0 fJZ

IV. — Rates oft Passengers LA^a1 oW or EMBAtoi' WomJ'tite Prqn or 1 ' ' Harbour.

For evei^r passenger or other1 perSOli who shall land from, or embark on board of," \

' hn^ ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, not being boats or vessels used for ' ' 'A ' pleasure only, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding, - 0 0 2

For every person who shall land from| or embark on board of, 'any boat or Vessel

used for pleasure only, for each and every time, any, sum not exceeding -00 6

For Overy person who shall use the said Pier 6r Hafbohr for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, Or ariyfotfmi1 purpose, fexcebt for'embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - f (r - 0 0 2

For eVety master of any vessel, boat or wheriy, being1 an fohabrttint of the town of Bray or parish of Bray, and using thfe feaid Pief^Hldrbou^ or works, for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel^ boat, or whOrfy, aft1,

annual sum not exceeding - - " f .r"f (' .-"''lVj-O 0

j l, , | . - [.. .'i u, r' Irm .1" - //'.'i *1 />': ' I .M !. / - I

(^53

v y

H/py.

2G & 37, Vict. 4 A DARTMOUTH.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

[Preamble.]

Incorporation of Commissioners.

Appointment of the several Commissioners.

DARTMOUTH.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Dartmouth in the County of Devon.

Whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Promoters of the Harbour of Dartmouth made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to constitute and incorporate certain persons to be Commissioners or other proper Harbour authority for the Harbour of Dartmouth, in the county of Devon, and to empower such Commissioners (among other things) to make and maintain certain piers, landing-places, light-houses, beacons, and other accommodation works connected therewith at Dartmouth, and to take land on lease or otherwise, by agreement, to an extent to be limited in such Order, and to levy and recover rates, tolls, and dues not exceeding the amounts specified in the Schedule of Rates hereto annexed, and to raise money for the purposes of such works, and thereby also to regulate the borrowing powers of such Commissioners, and therein to specify such terms and conditions to be observed by such Commissioners, for the formation, management, and maintenance of such works, and to grant such other powers, privileges, and authorities as to the Board of Trade might seem fit:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is Nineteen thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the Promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Traae, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:—

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution; which Commissioners and their successors shall be and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Dartmouth Harbour Commissioners, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of, land and other property for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Order. The term "the Commissioners " herein-after used means The Dartmouth Harbour Commissioners.

2. The appointment of the several Commissioners shall be regulated as follows:

(1.) The Board of Trade on, or at any time after, the passing of an Act confirming this Order, may, if they think fit, appoint three persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise, in the office of any one of those three Commissioners, may, if they think fit, appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(2.) The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Dartmouth, acting by the Town Council of the Borough, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint two persons to *be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise, in the office of either of those two Commissioners, shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3.) The

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

(3.) The Dartmouth and Torbay Railway Company shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise, in the office of either of those two Commissioners, shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(4.) The following three persons are hereby nominated and appointed to be Commissioners, — namely, Charles Seale Hayne, William Froude, and George Knight, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise, in the office of any one of those three Commissioners, the Commissioners shall, by a special order, appoint another person to fill the vacancy, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade, and so toties quoties:

(5.) The owners of property and other persons rated to the relief of the poor for the Parish of Kingswear, in the county of Devon, upon a rateable value of not less than twenty pounds a year, shall, from time to time, elect one person to be a Commissioner.

3. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall be incorporated with this Order, and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) No person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner (other than a person appointed to be a Commissioner by the Board of Trade), unless he is seised or possessed of property to the value or amount of 3,0007 .:

(2.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the last-mentioned Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be five, if and as long as there is any Commissioner appointed by the Board of Trade, — and shall be three, if the Board of Trade does not exercise the power of appointing a Commissioner, or if and as long as the offices of all Commissioners appointed by the Board of Trade are vacant:

(3.) The Board of Trade shall appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners:

(4.) The clauses of the last-mentioned Act with respect to the making of byelaws shall not be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Commissioners shall be the Undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

5. The limits within which the Commissioners shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits of this Order) shall extend from the ferry at Dittisham, in the county of Devon, across the River Dart to Greenway, in the parish of Churston Ferrers, in the same county, southward to the mouth of the harbour, to the point called the Outer Froward Point, at the eastern entrance of the harbour, in a straight line to the point called Coombe Point, at the western entrance of the harbour, as laid down on the Admiralty Chart of 1853.

6. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, or use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works, and also any other lands that may be necessary for carrying this Order into execution, so that such other lands do not exceed in the whole five acres, in addition to any lands (which shall not exceed in extent in the whole two acres) taken for extraordinary purposes.

7. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

8. Subject to the provisions of tills Order, the Commissioners may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans, or herein-after described.

9. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following;

1. To make, construct, and maintain a roadway leading out of the present road from Kingswear to Brixham, along the southern side of Waterhead Creek, in the parish of Kingswear, in the county of Devon, at or near a point about fifty yards to the westward of the shipbuilding slip, and terminating near the Kingswear- Ferry, at a

4 A 2 point

555

Dartmouth.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16.

Undertakers. Limits of harbour. 4

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

55'6

Dartmouth.

Rates in Schedule (A).

Power to borrow for worts.

Application of rates and money.

Mil

Power to make, transfer^ or lease.

r U

I l i '

tc . J

Further *ork *

26'° & 27* vifcr6RI2E, c. 104.

- ' J %

point on the store or bed of the River Dart, about forty yards to the westward of the Ferry Inn, called The Plume of Feathers, in the said parish of Kingswear:

2., To make* construct, and maintain a jetty, pier, or landing place about fifty yards in length commencing; either at the termination of the above-named roadway, or at the . landing slip near, the Ferry fnn aforesaid, extending in a northerly direction into or towards the waters of the River Dart, or the Harbour of Dartmouth, or the soil thereof:,

3. To make, construct, and maintain a jetty, pier, pontoon, or landing stage in the fore-

shore, or mud, or bed, or bank of the River Dart, or the waters thereof, or of the Harbour of Dartmouth, commencing at the termination of the above-named jetty, and extending in a north-easterly direction for a distance of about one hundred and thirty yards:

4. To make, construct, and maintain a quay, pier* or viaduct, road or tramway commencing

at the beginning of the first-named pier* or from the first-named roadway, and running across Waterhead Creek to the Dartmouth and Torbay Railway at or near Hoodown Ferry House, and all sheds, warehouses, coal depots, or other buildings and things necessary for the proper working and user of all or any of the foregoing works:

5. Also to dredge, scour, cleanse, or remove any bank or banks of sand or mud

adjoining any of the works herein-before specified.

10. The Commissioners may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons* animals, and things described in the Schedule (A) hereto annexed, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

11. The Commissioners may, from time to time, borrow at interest such money as may be required for the purposes of the works herein-before specified* not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-five thousand pounds, on the security of the same works, and the lands and property connected therewith, and the rates specified in Schedule (A), or of any of those particulars.

12. The Commissioners shall apply all money received by them in respect of the rates specified in Schedule (A), and all other money coming to their hands from the works herein-before specified, or the lands or property connected therewith* for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In paying three-fourths of the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order r

(2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the works herein-before specified, and of the lands and property connected therewith:

{3.) In paying the interest dn any money borrowed under the power herein-before 'Contained, and' any 8am payable on accotirit of the principal thereof:

And the Commissioners ^11 ftom time to time revise the rates received under Schedule (A), eo that the produce of the rates under that Schedule may always be, ns fur as is practicable* sufficient' and not more than sufficihntfor the payments before in the present clause directed. 1 .

13. The Commissioners may at any time by deed under their common seal transfer or IfeasO to the Dm^mOwth and Torbay Kail way Company, their lessees or assigns* if and when the Company; their lessees or* Asrigns^ are lawfully empowered to take a transfer or lease Under the present provision, aH or any part of the works herein-before specified* and the right to receive all or any part of the rates specified in Schedule (A) hereto, and all or any Other of the rights or powers1 by virtue of this Order vested in tire Commissioners in relation to the works herein-before specified, or any of thoruij <but so that any such deed of trafifcfet or leAsi shall not1 have any effect Unless if it made with the approval of the Board of Trhdb, testified in Writing signed byi a 'Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Board.

l^.'xhe also comprise the following:

6. To erect and maintain a nCw lighthouse or beacon to be placed on the Kingswear shore

hear the modth "of the River Dart about midway between a house called Brook Hiil/In the pariah df Brixhatii Ufotesaid^'and a house called The Beacon, in the parish of Kingswear aforesaid; ' 1

7. To

557

26° 6c 270 VICTORIA, c. 104.

7. To improve and maintain, or to alter or abolish the present lighthouse near the castle

in the parish of Townstall, both in the county of Devon, at the western entrance of the Harbour of Dartmouth;

8. To blast or otherwise clear away a certain rock at the entrance of the Harbour,

called The Pin Rock, and any other rocks at the entrance of the Harbour or in the Harbour itself, that may be found to interfere in any way with the navigation of the Harbour;

9. To erect, fix, lay down, and maintain any other beacons, lights, buoys, warping posts,

moorings, or other works necessary for the accommodation and guidance of ships or vessels into or from the Harbour or for the navigation thereof, and to alter or abolish the same from time to time as may be necessary;

10. Also to dredge, scour, cleanse, or remove any bank or banks of sand or mud either at the entrance of the Harbour or in the Harbour that may in anywise affect the navigation thereof, or the landing or embarking of passengers, or the shipping or unshipping of goods, wares, or merchandise, to or from vessels using the Harbour.

15. In respect of the vessels described in the Schedule (B) hereto annexed, the Commissioners may demand and receive such sums, not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified, as may from time to time be approved of by the Boanl of Trade.

16. The Commissioners may from time to time borrow at interest such money a3 may be required for the purposes of the works lastly herein-before specified, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds, on the security of the same works, and the lands and property connected therewith, and the rates specified in Schedule (B), or of any of those particulars.

17. The Commissioners shall apply all money received by them in respect of the rates specified in Schedule (B), and all other money coming to their hands from the works lastly herein-before specified, or the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In paying one-fourth of the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order:

(2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the works lastly herein-before specified, and of the lands and property connected therewith:

(3.) In paying the interest on any money borrowed under the power lastly herein-before contained, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof:

And the Commissioners shall from time to time revise the rates received under Schedule (B), so that the produce of the rates under that Schedule may always be, as far as is practicable, sufficient and not more than sufficient for the payments before in the present clause directed.

18. The Commissioners shall keep separate accounts of the money received by them in respect of the rate9 specified in Schedules (A) and (B) respectively, and of any money borrowed by them under the two several borrowing powers hereinbefore contained, and of the respective application of the money so respectively received and borrowed; and the money respectively received under the saad two several Schedules, and respectively borrowed under the said two several borrowing powers, shall be deemed for all the purposes of this Order to constitute distinct funds.

19. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver; the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be five hundred pounds.

20. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order,

21. Any byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Doek& and Piers Clauses

Act, 1847, shall not come into operation until allowed and confirmed by the Board of Trade, which allowance and confimaation shall be sufficient for all purposes; and it shall not be lawful for the Harbour Master, by virtue of section 52 of that Act, or of any other authority, or for the Commissioners, to give or; cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, oe provided for in thp byelaws, further or otherwise than as he or they may be expressly authorized by the byelaws to do so.,

22. The

Rates in Schedule (B).

Power to borrow for further works.

Application of rates and moneys received by the Commissioners.

Provision for separate accounts of the two funds.

Receiver.

Money to be applied for purposes of Oiiier.

Confirmation of byelaws and provision for management of harbour.

558

Exception of parts of Harbours Clauses Act.

Meters and 'weighers.

Power to establish steam tugs, &c.

Application of Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

22. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with thiB Order, namely, sections, 16, 17, 18, and 19.

23. The Commissioners shall have the appointment of meters and weighers at their works.

24. The Commissioners may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

25. Part V. of The Harbour and Passing fells, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the Harbour of Dartmouth, as altered under this Order.

26. This Order may be cited as The Dartmouth Harbour Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 13th day of April 1863. (Signed) T. H. Farrer,

---

Assistant Secretary.

The SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Order.

SCHEDULE (A).

I. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at any part of the works authorized by the foregoing Order, and numbered respectively 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

s. d.

Acid water, acid vegetable, or mineral, per pipe - 1 0

Ditto ditto per hogshead - 0 6

Ditto ditto per firkin - 0 3

Ditto ditto per jar - 0 2

Ditto ditto per cwt. - 0 3

Acorns, per ton of forty bushels - 1 0

Alabaster, rough, per ton - 1 0

Ditto, worked, per cwt. - 1 0

Ale, beer, or porter, per butt or pipe - 1 0

Ditto per hogshead - 0 6

Ditto per barrel - 0 3

Ditto per kilderkin - 0 1½

Ditto in bottles, per dozen - 0 1

Ale, bottled, per barrel bulk - 0 3

Alkanet root, per cwt. - 0 4

Almonds, per cwt. - 0 3

Aloes, per cwt. - 0 4

Alum, per cwt - 0 2

Amber, per cwt - 0 4

Ambergris, per cwt. - 1 0

Anchors, per cwt. - 0 2

Anchovies, per barrel - 0 2

Angelica, per cwt. - 0 3

Animals, stuffed, each - 0 6

Annatto, per cwt. - 0 4

Anniseeds, per cwt. - 0 3

Antimony, per cwt. - 0 3

Anvils, per cwt. - 0 1

Apples, in bulk, per ton - 0 6

Arrow root and powder, per cwt. - 0 3

Arsenic, per cwt - 1 0

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 104. 559

[Dartmouth.]

s. d.

---

Ashes, barilla, per cwt. - 0 1

Pearl and pot, per cwt.

Black, per cwt -

Bleaching, per cwt Common Irish, per cwt -Soda, per cwt

Asphaltum, per cwt Bacon or pork, per cwt Bagging, per cwt -

Ballast, per ton registered measurement of vessel Bark, tanners, chopped, per ton Ditto, rinds, not ground, per ton Angustina, per cwt.

Birch and larch, per ton Quercitron, per ton Sassafras, per cwt. -Winteranus, per cwt. -Baskets, per dozen -

Basket rods, per 1000 Bass rope, per cwt. -Bedposts, mahogany, per set Others, per set Beef or pork, per tierce Ditto, per barrel

Ditto, per half barrel and smaller package Ditto, per ton

Beer, spruce, per barrel of 32 gallons Bell metal, per cwt.

Bellows, smiths, each -

Bellows, common, per dozen Berries, Bay, per cwt.

Juniper, per cwt -

Yellow, per cwt.

Biscuit or bread, per cwt.

Blacking, per cwt.

Blackjack, per ton -Blocks, heel, per gross -

Last, per dozen -

Ship, per dozen -

Blubber, per cwt -

Blue, per cwt -

Bobbins, per cask -

Bones, per ton

Bone dust, per quarter Books, per cwt -

Borax, per cwt

Bottles, loose, empty, per gross

In baskets or carboys, full

Bowls of wood, per dozen

Boxes, iron, for wheels, per cwt. -

Bran, per ton -

Brandy, per hogshead

Brass, new, per cwt -

Old, per cwt.

560 36" & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104.

[Dartmouth.]

s. d.

Bricks, common, per 1000 - - -10

Fire, per 1000 - - - 20

Scouring, per 1000 - - -16

Slabjacks, per dozen - - - 01J

Brimstone, per cwt. - - 0 1

Bristles, per 12 lbs. - -01

Brooms, birch, per gross - -- 02

Brooms and brush handles, per gross - - - 0 6

Brush heads and stocks, per 10() - - 01

Brushes, hair, rushes, and whalebone, per dozen - - - 0 2

Bugles and beads, per cwt. - - 03

Bullion, per packnge - - -10

Bullrushes, per bundle - - -01

Butter, per cask ---03

Ditto, per firkin - - 0 1

Ditto, per pot - - -01

Ditto, per barrel - - - 04

Cables, per cwt. - - 0 2

Cakes, linseed or rape, per cwt. - - 0 1

Calamine, per cwt. - - -- 01

Calaminaris, lapis, per cwt. - 0 1

Calves velves, per cwt. - - - 03

Camphor, per cwt. - -06

Candles, tallow, chest of 14 dozen - - -- 06

Ditto, half chest - - - 03

Ditto, wax, per 12 lbs. - - -01

Canella alba, per cwt. - - - 04

Canes, per bundle - - -06

Cantharides, per cwt. --10

Canvas, per bolt - - - 01

Caoutchouc, per cwt. - - -04

Capers, per cwt. - - -06

Capillaire, per 100 gallons - -- - --10

Carboys, empty, each - - -02

Cards, wool, per dozen - - -01

Carriages or coaches, each - - -10 6

For guns, each - -16

Gigs, each - - - 50

Carts, each - - - 26

Hand, each - - 1 0

Casks, empty, not returned, each - - -- 02

Cattle: —

Asses and mules, each - - -10

Bulls, each - - -26

Cows and oxen, each - - l 6

Calves and lambs, each - - -06

Horses, each - -20

Pigs or sheep, each - - -04

Sucking pigs, each - -03

Cassia buds, per cwt. - - - 06

Fistula, per cwt - - o 4

Caviare, per cwt. - - --10

Cement, per cwt. - - - 0 1

Chairs, not mahogany, per dozen - - l 6

Mahogany, per dozen - - 26

26° &'27» VICtf Oft'LEi'-c/.lO*.

081

Chains, per cwt Chalk, per ton Charcoal, per pack Cheese, per cwt.

Chemicals, per barrel bulk Chesnuts, per bushel Chimney pots, earthenware, each China, per hogshead Ditto, per tierce Chirt stones, per ton Chocolate, per cwt.

Cider or perry, in bottles, per dozen Ditto, per hogshead Cinnabar, per cwt.

Cinnamon, per cwt.

Clay, pipe and potter's, per ton China, per ton Clocks, per dozen .Wood, per dozen Clog soles, per gross Cloth* packs not exceeding I cwt.

Cloths, linen, woollen, bale, pack, or truss, per cwt Cloths, linen, woollen, or cotton, in boxes, per foot Cloves, per cwt

Coals (besides bushelage), per ton Coke, per ton -

Cobalt, per ton -

; Orfc, per ton -

Cocoa, per cwt.

Cocoa nuts, per 100 -

Coculus indicus, per cwt Coffee, per cwt -

Colouring for potter, per barrel of 36 gallons Columbo root, per 100 -

Copper, per cwt -

Ore, per ton -Furnaces, per twenty gallons Copperas, barrel or bag, per cwt.

Coral, per cwt.

Cordage, per cwt Cordials, per case of 1 dozen Ditto, per hogshead Cork, per cwt Corks, per ten gross Com, viz.: —

Wheat, per quarter Barley, per quarter Oats, per quarter Bere and bigg, per quarter Barley meal, per bag Indian Cora, per quarter *, Ditto Meal, per bag

Oatmeal, per bag

26 & 27 Vict. 4 B

8, d9 ^Dartmouth *

1 i. > ' I J; .01 '2!

1 - . 0 2

. 0 1

- -1. m i 0 6

- ' t — - ii 2 0

-- - -; i.-, 0 1

- - 0 li

-: - . *- 1 6

- - 1 01

- . *! 0 6i

- H ' - ' 4 . 0.3:

- -; *' 0 li

- -; -: 0 6:

- ' 0 9 '

- [10

- -; 0 2

-- . -, 0 3

- i r ', 2 ©

, 1 0

m -4. o; 6>

_ ' v> ' - - 0 4>

1 ... 014/

-, 0 I

i 1 0

- - «, 0 2

m m ' J' 1 > 4- Oi4

m . W 1 0

- ' 0, 4

0 3

- - - .; 0, 2

- ' 1 I r» | 0 4

- - t*' 0 3

-, ,; 1 . 1 - -; .0, 5

- 1 1 - © 4

- 0 1

-: 0 4

- m _ -, 0i 2

M m . r . 2> 0

- m a, o

- m - 0 2

. 1. n; - 0 >1

- - - 1 0

-, i v- 0 3

- 0 2

i l)0 2

- :0 1

* -, 0 1

-; _n © 2

- -, 0 .2

- - P 1

- - - 0 1

* , , - 0 1

T, i; , , m., , 0 , 2

" 1 (', T ' - - , 0 1

562 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104

[Dartmouth.]

Cotton, raw, per cwt. -

Ditto, manufactured, per cwt.

Cradles, each Cranberries, per 5 gallons Cream of tartar, per owt -

Crease, earthenware, per dozen Crystal, per box or package -

Ditto, per barrel bulk -

Cubebs, per cwt. -

Culm, per ton -

Currants, per butt Dates, per cwt.

Dissolved bones and other artificial manures, per ton Dogs, and other animals not enumerated, each Down, eider, per cwt. -

Drugs, in casks, hampers, or boxes, at per foot Ditto, per barrel bulk -

Dyer's stuff, per cwt. -

Dyes, per cwt -

Dye wood, per ton -

Earth, black, per ton

Brown, per ton -

Earth, Fullers, per ton -

Red, per ton -

Yellow, per ton -

Earthenware, come, in bulk, per potter's dozen In crates, at per foot -

Eggs, per gross of 12 dozen -

Emery, per cwt -

Stones, per cwt. -Empty bags and sacks (not returned), per owt Epsom salts, per cwt -

Essence of lemons and limes, per 100 pounds Essential oils, per cwt -

Euphorbium, per cwt -

Feathers, per cwt. -

Felt, per cwt. -

Figs, per cwt Filtering stones, each Fish, fresh, per cwt -

Pilchards, cured, per hogshead Herrings, cured, per barrel Other cured fish (not before specified), per owt Flag stones, rough, per 100*feet -

Ditto, worked, per 100 feet Flax (rough), per ton

Ditto, per dozen hanks -Flock, per bag Floor doth, per cwt -Flour, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel Flower roots, plants, or trees, in packages, at per foot Free stones, per ton *

Fruit, green, per cwt- - Ditto, dry, per cwt.

s. d.

- - 0 3

. 0 0

- . 0 2

- - 0 I

- - 0 4

- - 0 0£

- - 0 G

- - G 2

- - 0 G

- 0 3

- - 1 G

- - 0 3

- - 0 8

- - 0 6

- - 1 6

- - 0 1

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 1 0

- 1 4

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- m I 0

- - 1 0

. - 1 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 oi

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

. 0 2

- - 0 2

- _ 2 0

- - 0 9

- - 0 4

- _ 0 G

- 0 1

_ 0 2

_ 0 1

_ 0 1

0 3

0 4

0 1

- 1 2

_ _ 2 0

» 1 8

0 1

0 3

_ 0 4

0 2

- 0 n

- 0 1

- - 1 2

- 0 1

- - 0 2

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Fuel, patent, per ton -

Furniture, household, cases, at per cubic foot -Galbanum, per cwt -

Gallangal, per cwt.

Galls, per cwt -

Grates, iron or wood, each -

Gentian root, per cwt -

Ginger, per cwt -

Gingerbread, per box -

Ginseng, per cwt -

Glass, per crib, slide, or case -

Glauber salts, per cwt -

Gloves, per dozen pair -

Glue, per cwt -

Granite, per ton -Grapes, per barrel or per jar -

Ditto, per half barrel or box -

Grates or stoves, per foot -

Gravel or sand, per ton -

Grease or greaves, per cwt -

Groats, per cwt. -

Guano, per ton -

Grums, per cwt. -

Gunpowder, per 100 pounds -

Gypsum, per ton -

Haberdashery and hosiery, in bales, per cwt -

Ditto, in boxes, per foot -

Hair, per cwt -Hams, per cwt.

Hanks, for sails, per dozen -

Hardware, per cwt -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Any less quantity -

Harrows, each -

Hats, per box, per foot -

Hay rakes, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings, fresh, per cran

Ditto, cured, per barrel -

Hide roundings, or glue pieces, per cwt. -

Hides, wet or dry, for every 100 in number - Ditto, fleshings, per cwt -Honey, per gallon -

Hoofs, per cwt -

Hoops, for mast, or white hoops, per dozen -

Ditto, per load -

Hops, per bag -

Ditto, per pocket -

Ditto, per end -

Horns, per 100 -

Household furniture, new, per barrel bulk -

Ditto, belonging to parties changing their residence only, per 10 barrels bulk Hurdles, per dozen -

Husbandly utensils, per ton -

Ditto, per barrel bulk -

4 B 2

563

8. d. Dartmouth,

0 4 -

0 1 0 4 0 4 0 4 0 2 0 4 0 3 0 4

0 4 0 6 0 2 0 1 0 1 0 2 0 2 0 1 0 2 0 2 0 1 0 2

1 O 0 4 0 3 0 2 0 4 0 1 0 3 0 2 0 0$

0 2 0 2 0 I

0 4 0 1 0 2

1 6 1 8 0 1

0 3 0 2£

3 6

0 2}

0 1 0 1 0 1

1 0 1 0 O 6 0 3

0 4 0 1 0 6 0 2

1 4 0 2

26*' & 27° VICTORIA, c. 104

564

Dartmouth.

Ice, per ton -

Indigo, per cwt. -Iron, pig, per ton

Cast, per ton -

Bar, bolt, and wrought, per ton -

Hoops, per cwt.

Horse shoes, per cwt. -

Ploughshares, per cwt.

Stamp heads, per ton -

Furnaces, at per 20 gallons (Cast) hollow ware, per cwt. -

Ore, per ton -

Wire and nail rods, per cwt. -Irons, baker's and pudding pans, per cwt.

Patten, per gross -

Isinglass, per cwt.

Ivory, per cwt. -

Black, per cwt. -Jack screws, per pair -..

or fishing lines, per dozen -

Junk or old rope, per cwt.

Lac, gum, stick, seed, and shell, per cwt. -

Ladles, per gross -

Lamp black, per cwt.

Lanthorns, horn or glass, per dozen -

Lard, per cwt.

Lead ore, per ton -

Pigs of, per ton -

Sheet, per cwt. -

Leather, tanned, per cwt. -

Wrought, per cwt.

Lemons, per chest -

Ditto, per box Lemon, lime, and orange juice, per hogshead -Lime, burnt, per ton -

Limestone, per ton -

Linen or woollen rage, per cwt. -

Cloth, per cwt. -

Lint cloth, not in bales, per piece -Liquor, in bottles, per case or box -

Loam or moulding sand, per ton -

Logwood, logwood chips, per cwt -

Maccaroni, per cwt. -Mace, per cwt.

Machinery, steam and other iron engines, and part of the same, per cwt. Foundation plates, bobs and pumps for engines, per cwt Wood and iron mixed, per foot -

Madder and madder roots, per cwt. -

Malt, per quarter -

Manganese, per ton -

Manure, not enumerated, per ton -

Marble, rough, per ton -

Ditto, worked, per cwt -

Masts or spars, each .....

Mats and matting, per dozen -

Maunds or hampers, empty imported, per dozen - -

8. d.

- 0 6

1 e

- 0

- 0 s

- 1 0

- 0 I

- 0 I

- 0 1

- 1 *0

- 0 I

0 3

, 0 4

0 1

- 0 I

- 0 6

0 6

- 1 0

0 I

0 6

- 0 I

- 0 I

_ 0 4

_ 0 6

_ 0 4

. 0 1

_ 0 2

0 4

1 0

0 1

- 0 2

_ 0 3

_ 0 4

_ 0 2

_ 1 0

0 6

_ 0 2

0 1

_ 0 4

_ 0 3

_ 0 6

0 3

. 0 3

_ 0 4

» 1 0

- 0 I

- 0 1

_ 0 1

_ 0 4

- 0 2

0 4

_ 0 2

_ 1 0

1 0

0 6

0 1

, 0 1

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Meal, per hag of 280 lbs.

Meat, per cwt -

Melting pots, per dozen -Milk, per gallon

Millboards, per 120 boards - -..

Millinery, per foot -

Mineral and aerated waters, in bottles, per dozen.

Mops and brushes, per dozen -

Mother-of-pearl shell, per cwt -

Mundic, per ton -

Munjeet, per cwt -

Muriate of lime, potash, and soda, each, per cwt.

Musical instruments, per foot -

Muskets, per dozen -

Mustard, per firkin of 72 lbs.

Ditto per firkin of 36 lbs. -

Nails, per cwt.

Natron, per ton -

Nests of trunks, per foot -

Nutmegs, per cwt ...

Nuts, per Winchester bushel -

Nux vomica, per cwt ... -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oars, per dozen -

Ochre, per cwt. -

Oil, large cans for lighthouses, containing 30 gallons, and so in proportion Castor, per cwt -

Sperm, per hogshead -

Pilchard, per ton -

Sweet and lamp, and all oils not enumerated, per hogshead In flasks, per chest -

Ditto per half chest -

Oil cake, per ton -

Olives, per barrel -

Ditto, per jar -

Onions, per cwt.

Oranges, per box -

Oranges, per chest -

Orange and lemon peel, and buds, per cwt -

Orchilla weed, per cwt ... -

Ores: —

Copper, lead, and other ores, per ton ...

Ox bows, per dozen -

Oysters, per ton ...

Paintings, pictures, and pier glasses, per foot ...

Paints and painter's colours, per cwt -

Pans, warming, per dozen -

Brass, per cwt. -

Paper, stationers, per cwt. -

Common, per cwt -

Pattens, wood, per gross -

Peats, per ton - - -

Pepper, per cwt.

Petroleum, per ton ... -

Pewter, per cwt -

Phials, in packages, per foot -

565

S» d.

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 0i

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 8

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 10

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

0 8

- 0 2

- 1 8

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 H

- 0 6

- 0 3

- . 0 3

5 0

- 0 2

r 0 1

566

Dartmouth.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Pick hilts, per gross Pickles, per 12 bottles -Pimento, per bag of 100 lbs.

Pins, per cwt. -

Pipes for smoking, per hogshead -

Ditto per barrel -

Earthenware, for draining, per ton Plaister of Paris, per cwt -

Ploughs, each -

Plums, per cwt. -

Potash, per cwt. -

Potatoes, per ton -

Poultry, including pigeons, game, &c., per dozen Any less quantity -

Powder, hair, or cosmetic, per cwt Preserves, per cwt.

Prunes, per cwt ...

Pumice stones, per ton -

Puncheons, empty, and pipes not returned, each Quern stones, each -

Quicksilver, per case or package Quills, stationer's, per 1,000 -

Miner's, per cwt Rags, linen, per ton -

Other rags, old ropes and the like, per ton Raisins and figs, per cwt. -

Rape seed, per quarter -

Rice, per tierce of cwt -

Rope coil, per cwt -

Rope yarn, per cwt. -

Rum, per puncheon -

Sago, per cwt -

Sails, per cwt. -

Sal gem rock salt, per ton

Salt, per ton -

Fine, per ton -

Coarse, for manure or curing fish, per ton Saltpetre, per cwt. -

Sand or gravel, per ton -

Scoops, boat, per dozen -

Fish, per dozen -

Malt, per dozen -

Scuttles, coal, copper, or tin plate, per dozen Scythe stones, per 100 -

Scythes, per dozen -

Seed, garden, or agricultural grass seeds, per cwt.

Segars, per cwt.

Shakes, not returned, per hogshead, and so in proportion

Shot, bird, per cwt. -

Shovel handles, per dozen - - '

Shumac, per cwt.

Sieves, per dozen -

Silk, raw, per cwt.

Thrown, per cwt.

Waste, per cwt. -

Manufactured, per foot on package

s. d.

a. 1 0

- - 0 1

to a* 0 3

- 0 4

- . 1 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

m m - 0 1

- 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 1

- - 1 0

- 0 1

- - 0 of

- 1 0

- 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- 0 2

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 9

- - - 1 4

- - - 0 10

- - - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - - 0 8

- - - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - _ 2 0

- 0 2

- - - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - - 0 10

- - 0 4

- - - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 3

m - _ 0 3

- - - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - - 1 0

- 2 0

- - - 0 6

- - 0 2

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

567

Skins: Badger, bear, beaver, deer, elk, ermine, fisher, fox, leopard, lion, martin, otter, panther, seal, tiger, per score -

Horse, per score -

Calf, per score -

Sheep and kid, per dozen -

Cat, chinchilli, mink, raccoon, seal (hair), per score -

Goat, fitoh, musk-quash, neutria, swan, per soore -

Coney, hare, mole, per score -

Slabs, marble, per ton -

Slates, writing, per gross -

Rags, per dozen, -

Scantle, per 1,000 -

Common helling, per 1,000 -

Slate, earth, or tombstones, per foot -

Snuff, per cwt. -

Soap, per cwt. -

Soda, sal, per ton -

Soda water, per dozen -

Solder and spelter, per cwt. -

Spades, garden, per dozen -

Spermaceti, per cwt. -

Spirits, foreign and British, per hogshead of 56 gallons -

Spokes for wheels, per dozen -

Naves for wheels, per dozen -

Sponge, per cwt.

Ditto, per package under quarter of a cwt. -

Stamp lifters, per dozen -

Starch, per cwt.

Steel, per cwt.

Stone, Caen, for millstones, per 100 Stones, grinding, per cwt. -

Ditto, not enumerated, per ton -

Straw, per ton -

Straw Bonnets in bales, cases or casks, or otherwise, per foot

Plait, in bales, cases or casks, or otherwise, per foot -

Succades and sweetmeats, per cwt. -

Sugar, soft, per cwt. -

Refined, in barrels or bags, per cwt.

Candy, per box -

Refined, per hogshead -

Sulphur, per cwt. -

Talc, per cwt -

Tallow, per cwt -

Tanners poles, per cwt -

Tapioca, per cwt. -

Tar, pitch, or rosin, per barrel -

Tarras, per cwt. -

Tea, per chest -

Terra japonica, per ton

Tessera, per barrel -

Threshing machines, each -

Thrumbs, per cwt -

Tiles, pan, per score -

Paving, per score -

Malt kilns, per score -Timber not enumerated, per load of 50 feet - - *-

8. d.

1 0

0 3

0 3

0 3

0 6

0 3

0 1

1 0

0 3

0 0 *

0 3

0 2

0

0 4

0 2

1 0

0 2

0 H

0 4

0 8

0 2

0 2

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 6

3 0

0 I

1 0

0 6

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 2

1 4

0 3

0 4

0 2

0 6

0 3

0 2

0 1

1 6

2 0

0 2

5 0

0 4

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 6

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

m

Dartmouth,

Timber:

Staves, pipe, per 120 -

Hogshead, per 120 -

Split or sawn staves, per 1,000

Mast pieces, under 12 inches, each ... Ufers, under 24 feet, per 100

above 24 feet, per 100 -

Wainscot boards, per 100 -

Tin, in blocks, ingots, or barrels, per ton Ore, per ton -

Plate, per box -

Tobacco, per cwt.

Tongues, per dozen -

Tortoiseshell, per cwt.

Tow, per ton -

Toys, in boxes, per foot

Trawl beams, each -

Treacle or molasses, per puncheon

Ditto, per half puncheon -

Ditto, per small cask

Trees for saddles, per dozen -

Treenails or Trunnels under 2 feet in length, per 1,000 Ditto, exceeding two feet in length, per 1,000 Trenchers, per gross -

Trucks, each -

Trundle sticks, per 1,000 -

Turnips or mangold, per ton -

Turpentine, per cwt. -

Twine or netting, per cwt -

Types, per cwt.

Valonia, per ton -Varnish, per barrel -

Venice turpentine, per cwt -

Vegetables, shipped, per cwt.

Verdigris, per cwt. -

Vermicelli, per cwt. -Vinegar, per pipe -

Ditto, per hogshead - Ditto, per firkin -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Waste:

Brazier's, button maker's, furrier's, soaper's, tanner's, per cwt. -

Wax, per'cwt.

Whalebone, fins, per cwt -

Ditto, per 12 lbs. -

Wheelbarrows, each -

Whetstones, per gross -

Whipsticks, per bundle -

Whiskey, per puncheon

Whiting, per cwt.

Wick yam, pack, per cwt.

Wine, foreign, per pipe, all sorts

s. d.

m m 0 6

m m. 0 2

m - 1 0

- - 0 3

M 1 1 0

m 1 6

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

0 8

m - 0 2

- - 0 3

m 0 1

m - 1 0

- - 1 8

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

- 0 10

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 6

m - 2 0

- 1 0

- - 0 6

- 0 6

ivtgar baker's,

- 0 1

- 0 2

0 4

- 0 2

0 4

- 0 2

.. 0 1

- 2 0

- 0 1

. - 0 3

m 2 6

26?. & 27"; VBGTO&fiEi C'KMv

Wine, British, per pipe, all sorts -

Or strong waters, per hogshead -

Ditto per barrel -

British, per hogshead -

Ditto, per firkin -

And liquors, in bottles, per dozen Winnowing machines, each -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet Oak or wainscoat, per load of 50 feet -

Firewood, per fathom -

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet -Handspokes, per 120 -

Spars under 22 feet in length, above and under inches diameter, per 120 Spars, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 -

Spars, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter per 120 -

Spars of all lengths above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 Wedges, per 1,000 -

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, rosewood, and furniture wood, per ton Woollen manufactures, at per cwt. -

Wool, packs of British, per cwt. -

Spanish, and all other, per cwt. -

Yarn, worsted, per cwt. -

Yams, per package -

Zafires, per cwt -

Zedoary, per cwt. - - - r

Zinc, per ton - - r - . -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per barrel bulk -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding 2£ cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than 2£ cwt. then 2\ cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

Luggage.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, per package -

s. d.

1 6

1 0

0 6

0 9

0 3

0 2

2 6

0 10 >

1 0

0 6

2 6

0 , 10

2 6

1 4

6 6

12 0

1 0

1 4

0 8

0 3

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 4

0 4

1 4

0 2

1 4

0 2

II. — Rates for the use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, Sheds, and Works.

1st Rates of Craneage,

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton Exceeding one ton, and not exceeding two tons Exceeding two tons, and not exceeding three tons Exceeding three tons, and not exceeding four tons Exceeding four tons, and not exceeding five tons Exceeding five tons, and not exceeding six tons Exceeding six tons, and not exceeding seven tons 26 & 27 Vict. 4 C

d;

3

4 6 8

10

0

2

56

Dartmouth.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104

570

Dartmouth* s. d.

Exceeding seven tons, and not exceeding eight tons - - 1 4

Exceeding eight tons, and not exceeding nine tons - 1 8

Exceeding nine tons, and not exceeding ten tons - - -20

Exceeding ten tons - - - 30

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, 1 d. for each ton, or part of a ton.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the Harbour, for a longer time than forty-eight hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first forty-eight hours.

Luggage.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day ---- - per package 0 2

III. — Rates on Vessels using or lying alongside any Part of the Works specified in Clause 9. of the foregoing Order.

s. __ d *

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons - - per ton 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons - w- per ton 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons - per ton 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards - - per ton 1 0

All lighters for any vessel in the roads shall be exempt from rates; but if the

vessel do not use the pier, every lighter shall pay for each trip - per ton 0 2

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods or dried or salted

fish -- -- -- - - each 0 6

All drave or large boats using the pier with fresh fish - - each 0 4

IV. — Rates on Passengers Landing on or Embarking from any Part of the Works authorized by the foregoing Order, and numbered respectively 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

s, d.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on any part of the said works from, or embark therefrom on board of any ship, vessel, packet or passage-boat, not being boats or vessels used for pleasure only, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - - 0 2

For every person who shall land on any part of the said works from, or embark therefrom on board of any boat or vessel used for pleasure only, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - -06

For every person who shall use any part of the said works for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - 0 2

V. — Rates for Tramway.

For carriages, trucks, engines, animals, goods, 1 The like rates as authorised to be passengers and luggage, passing or carried along J- taken for the use of the Darttramway specified in No. 4. J mouth and Torbay railway.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104. 571

Dartmouth,

Bates ok Vessels using ob entebing the Harbour, to be levied as book as

THE WORKS IN THE FOREGOING ORDER NUMBERED RESPECTIVELY 6 AND 7 ARB COMPLETED.

«. d.

For every vessel - maximunTrate per register ton 0 3

And if the same shall remain in the harbour more than two months continuously, then for every month or part of a month during which the same shall remain in the harbour after the first two months, the further sum per register ton of - 0 0

Exemptions,

1.)Yachts, pleasure boats, and boats entirely open:

2.)Vessels using the harbour solely as a Harbour of Refuge, and remaining therein not more than 60 hours continuously.

SCHEDULE (B.)

NAIRN.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Harbour

of Nairn,

Whereas the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Nairn, Preamble, in Scotland, as representing the community of the said burgh, herein-after called The Nairn Harbour Board, are the proprietors of the Harbour of Nairn, by virtue of various Royal Charters, Infeftments, and Acts of Parliament, and have levied anchorages and customs, tolls, rates, and dues on vessels and goods, which are at present defined and regulated by and according to a schedule thereof drawn up and settled in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-six:

And whereas the Naim Harbour Board have expended large sums of money in maintaining and improving the said Harbour, and with that view have from time to time raised considerable sums of money by the sale of lands belonging to the burgh, and also upon mortgages of the said Harbour rates, customs, and dues, and of lands belonging to the burgh, which mortgages are still outstanding:

And whereas the Harbour rates, customs, and dues, as defined by the said schedule, are insufficient for the payment of the interest on the said mortgages, and for the maintenance and repair of the said Harbour:

And whereas the revenue arising therefrom has been reduced by reason of an exemption constituted by usage now claimed and enjoyed by the burgesses of the said burgh from payment of half harbour or shore dues on vessels and goods at the said Harbour; and also of an exemption from payment of dues at a certain Breakwater at the said Harbour, in respect of vessels, boats, and craft employed in the white and herring fisheries, or in carrying materials for the same, or for curing, and of the white fish, herrings, and materials carried by them, constituted by bond dated the fifteenth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, granted by the Nairn Harbour Boara to the Honourable the Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery:

And whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Nairn Harbour Board made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called The Board of Trade, praying for (among other things) a Provisional Order under the said Acts for power to levy and recover rates according to the Schedule in the memorial referred to, and for the extinction of the said exemptions:

And whereas the Nairn Harbour Board published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

4 C 2 And

Nairh,

Power to lery rates according to Schedule-

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Extinction of exemptions from payment of rates.

Application of rates.

Power to borrow.

26H&-27* VICTORIAE, c. 104.

And Whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they hare thought expedient, hare settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any Validity or force whatever):

How, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

1. Notwithstanding any law, custom, or usage, right, privilege, or exemption heretofore to the contrary existing in favour of the burgesses of Nairn, or others, the Nairn Harbour Board may demand and receive, in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, animals, and things described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

2. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress, on, into, along, through, and out of the Pier and Harbour of Nairn, and works connected therewith belonging to and vested in the Naim Harbour Board, by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

3. All exemptions from payment of harbour, shore, tonnage, or other dues or rates, in respect of vessels, boats, or other craft resorting to or using the said Pier and Harbour of Naim, or the breakwater thereat, or any of the works or accommodations connected therewith, or in respect of any fish, fishing, or curing materials, or other cargo therein, whether arising or constituted by law, custom, or usage, or otherwise howsoever, and particularly the exemption constituted by the said bond dated the fifteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and forty-six, granted by the Nairn Harbour Board to the Honourable the Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, shall, from and after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, be extinguished, and cease to exist

4. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

1. In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order;

2. In payment of the interest of any money borrowed by the Naim Harbour Board on the security of the Harbour or Harbour rates, and for the time being due and owing;

3. In the maintenance of the Harbour works;

4. In repayment of the principal of any money borrowed as aforesaid on the security of the Harbour or Harbour rates, and for the time being due and owing;

5. As to the surplus revenue of the Harbour, if any, after providing for the purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied in repayment of any advances heretofore made for the purposes of the Harbour, out of the produce of the sale of land belonging to the community of the burgh of Nairn, or out of any other money belonging to the community, not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten thousand pounds, the amount of such advances to be shown to the satisfaction of the Board of Trade:

And the Nairn Harbour Board shall from time to time revise the scale of rates received under this Order ', so, that the produce of the rates may always, as far as is practicable, be sufficient and not more than sufficient for the payments directed or authorized in and by the present clause.

5. For the purpose of paying off the subsisting mortgages affecting the Harbour rates as aforesaid, or any other mortgages granted by the Naim Harbour Board for the time being in force, or for the1 purpose of1 maintaining, repairing, or improving the Harbour, the Board may from time to time borrow such sum or sums as they deem expedient, or they may accept and take from any bank or banking company Credit to such amount as they deem expedient, dn a cash account to be opened and kept in the name of tile Board, according to the usage of bankers in Scotland, and they may assign the rates hereby authorized

26? & 27° yica?aRi^; , _c404.

in security of the repayment of the sum or sums so borrowed, or of the amount of such credits or of the sums advanced from time to time on such cash account, with interest thereon respectively, by assignations under their common seal, and signed by three of their members, which assignations may be in the form as near as may be in the Schedule (B.) to The Burgh Harbours (Scotland) Act, 1853, annexed, and shall be recorded in the register of sasines for the Burgh of Naim, and have preference according to the priority of their registration therein, except in so far as a pari passu preference may by the assignations have been established among all or some of them, as being assignations of parts of one capital sum, which the Board may by a resolution of a specified date have determined to borrow in parts; and until repayment of the sums so to be borrowed, with the interest due thereon, the same in so far as remaining unpaid, and the assignations in security thereof, shall form real liens on the rates hereby authorized to be levied, preferable to all other debts and claims, except such mortgage debts affecting the Harbour rates as may be subsisting at the time of the passing of the Act confirming this Order; and every assignation to be granted in pursuance hereof may be transferred m whole or in part by a separate transfer in the form as near as may be of the Schedule (C.) to The Burgh Harbours (Scotland) Act, 1853, annexed; provided that all such transfers shall be recorded in the said register of sasines, and that when two or more transfers shall have been granted of the whole or part of one assignation, they shall have preference according to the priority of their registration excepting in so far as they may have been granted subject to a pari passu preference inter se.

6. The debts of the Naim Harbour Board secured on mortgage of the Harbour rates, which at the time of the passing of the Act confirming this Order are subsisting, shall then become and be a charge upon the rates hereby authorized; and nothing in this Order shall prejudice or alter the rights to priority, inter se, of charge upon such rates of the several holders of such mortgages, or any of the rights, privileges, and remedies belonging or incident to such mortgages respectively.

7. If within two months after the interest on any mortgages granted by the Naim Harbour Board has become due, or after the period prescribed for the payment of the principal sums in such mortgages has expired, such interest or principal (as the case may be) shall not be paid, the holders of such mortgages, as well in respect of mortgages now subsisting as of such as may hereafter be granted by the Board, may, without prejudice to any rights, remedies, or security otherwise competent to or held by them, require the appointment of a judicial factor by an application to be made as herein-after provided.

8. Every application for a judicial factor under the provisions of this Order shall be made to the sheriff* or sheriff substitute of the county of Nairn. On any such application, the sheriff or sheriff substitute may, by order in writing, after hearing the parties, appoint some person to receive the whole or a competent part of the Harbour rates hereby authorized, until all the arrears of interest or of principal, as the case may be, then due on the outstanding mortgages of the Nairn Harbour Board, together with all costs, including the charges of receiving the said rates, be fully paid. Upon such appointment being made, all such rates as aforesaid shall be paid to and received by the person so appointed, and the money so received shall be so much money received by or to the use of the mortgagees of the Board, and so soon as the full amount of any interest or principal in arrear, and costs, has been so received, the power of such judicial factor shall cease: Provided always, that such judicial factor shall distribute among all the mortgagees to whom interest or principal shall be in arrear, the rates which shall so come into his hands, having respect in such distribution to the priorities, if any, of such mortgagees.

9. The amount to authorize the application for appointment of a judicial factor shall be one thousand pounds in one or more mortgages.

10. Notwithstanding anything in The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment

Act contained* the following provisions of The Harbours, Hooks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order* namely, sections sixteen tp nineteen, both inclusive, and sections twenty-five and twquty-ebp; this Order stall bp deejpod " the Special Act "* within the meaning of the last-mentioned Act.

11. The

m

Naim.

Saving righto Of present mortgagees of Harbour Board.

Arrears of interest, &c. may be enforced by the appointment of a judicial factor.

Appointment of a judicial factor.

Amount to authorize appli^itioa for judicial, factor.

Incorporation of portions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847.

Nairn,

Incorporation of portions of Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts.

Meters and weighers.

Steam vessels, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply. Designation of Board.

[Short Title.]

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

11. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, except with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order, but nothing in this Order shall authorize the Nairn Harbour Board to take lands, for the purposes of this Order, exceeding in extent in the whole five acres.

12. The Nairn Harbour Board shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the Harbour.

13. The Nairn Harbour Board may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for the purposes of the Harbour, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. The Naira Harbour Board shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers by that Act conferred on pilotage authorities and on local authorities.

15. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, shall apply to the Harbour of Nairn.

16. The Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the burgh of Naim may be called The Nairn Harbour Board in all deeds, documents, and proceedings relating to the Harbour.

17. This Order may be cited as The Naira Harbour Order, 1863.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 13th day of April 1863. (Signed) T. H. Farrek,

Assistant Secretary.

SCHEDULE.

I. — Anchorage, or Rates on Vessels entering or using the Harbour.

s, d.

For every vessel wholly or partly decked: —

If under 20 tons burden - per ton 0 4

If 20 ton 8 burden or upwards - -06

For every boat entirely undecked: —

If landing or taking on board goods, or cured, dried, or salted fish, per ton

burden - - -02

If entering while or after being engaged in the white, herring, salmon, or shell

fishing - - per boat 0 4

II. — Stance Dues.

For every herring boat not engaged in the herring fishing at Nairn, but hauled up there for wintering — Stance Dues, yearly - - per boat 4 0

III. — Rates on Passengers.

For every person landing from or embarking in any vessel or boat in the harbour - 0 3

IV. — Rates on Animals and Goods shipped or unshipped, received or

delivered in the Harbour.

Ballast -

Boxes and casks, empty, exclusive of empties returned

Ditto, ditto, returned empty within three months after arriving full

Ditto, ditto, if returned empty after 3 months

Bricks, tiles, and slates, all kinds -

Cake and feeding stuffs for cattle, all kinds -

Cattle and other live animals, viz.: —

Horses, asses, mules, bulls, cows, and oxen -Calves, sheep, and pigs -

- per ton 0 1

each 0 1

- Exempt

- each 0 0£

per 1,000 1 0

- per ton 1 0

- each 1 0

each 0 1£

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

575

s, d.

Lambs and other live animals, except poultry - each 0 1

Live poultry ---- per dozen 0 3

Coals, all kinds - - - perton 0 5

Com, all kinds - per quarter 0 2

Fish, viz .: — Salmon, herring, and white, all kinds, fresh, cured, salted, and

dry ---- per cwt. 0 1

Flour and meal - - - per cwt. 0 1

Guano, bones, and other extraneous, artificial, light, or portable manures - per ton 1 0

Hay and straw ---- per ton 0 8

Lime ---- per ton 0 5

Or, in the Collector's option - per 8 bushels 0 1

Luggage of each Passenger arriving or leaving, if more than 2 barrels

bulk - - per barrel bulk 0 2

Manure, common - - per ton 0 2

Salt per ton 1 0

Shell fish, all kinds (bait for fishing exempted) - per cwt. 0 1

Spirits and wine, all kinds - - per gallon 0 0£

Stones, undressed - - per ton 0 1

Ditto, dressed - ---- per ton 0 2

Ditto, paving - ---- per ton 0 4

Tea ---- per 80 lbs. 0 5

Timber, unwrought, all kinds, 2 per cent, of value or quantity, at Collector s option.

All other goods, articles, and effects not enumerated: —

By weight - ---- per cwt 0 1£

Or, in the Collector's option, by measurement - per barrel bulk 0 3

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement to be taken, and for any less weight or measurement than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged, not being less than 1 d, for any one box, parcel, or package.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than 2£ cwt., then cwt. is to be rated as a bareel bulk.

Naim,

I

V. — Rates foe the use of Sheds, C banes, and Weighing Machines.

1. Sheds.

For each ton and each 8 barrels bulk of goods which shall remain in any shed, or on the pier, for any longer time than 48 hours, for the first day, or part of a day, 3d .; and for each day thereafter, \\d.

2. Use of Cranes.

For all goods raised or lowered - - -per ton 02

3. Use of Weighing Machines.

For coals, lime, and timber - -.. per ton 0 2

For hay and salt - ---- per load 0 6

For all other goods and commodities - per ton 0 4

17 G. 3. c. 30. &c., restraining Negotiation in England of Notes and Bills for a limited Sum, and Sect. 17 and Schedules (C.) and (D.) of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 38. restraining Negotiation in Scotland of like Notes, &c. repealed.

Term of Act.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 105, 106.

CAP. CV.

An Act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum.

[28th July 1863.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, the Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Thirty, and so much and such Part and Parts of any other Act or Acts as continue or revive the said Act, or as prohibit or restrain, or impose any Penalty for or on account of the publishing, uttering, or negotiating in England of any Promissory or other Note, not being a Note payable to Bearer on Demand, Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Undertaking in Writing, being negotiable or transferable, for the Payment of Twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than Five Pounds, or on which Twenty Shillings, or above that Sum and less than Five Pounds, shall remain undischarged, made, drawn, or endorsed in any other Manner than as directed by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, and also the Seventeenth Section and Schedules (C.) and (D.) of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-eight, requiring or directing that all such Notes, Bills, Drafts, or Undertakings as aforesaid which shall be issued in Scotland shall be made, drawn, or endorsed according to the Forms contained in the said Schedules respectively, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

2. This Act shall continue in force for Three Years, and until the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

CAP. CVI.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 9.

9 G. 2. c. 36.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 17.

An Act to further amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses, it was amongst other things enacted, that "no Deed or Assurance theretofore made," and under which Possession was then held for any Charitable Uses whatsoever, of " any Hereditaments of any Tenure whatsoever, or of any Estate or Interest therein," made really and bona fide for a full and valuable Consideration actually paid at or u before the making or perfecting such Deed or Assurance, or reserved by way of Rent, sc Rentcharge, or other annual Payment, or partly paid at or before the making or ct perfecting such Deed or Assurance, and partly reserved as aforesaid, without Fraud " or Collusion, should for any Reason whatever be deemed to be null and void within the " Meaning of the first therein recited Act, (being an Act passed in the Ninth Year of (S His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition " of Lands whereby the same become inalienable,) if such Deed or Assurance was made to " take effect for the Charitable Uses intended immediately from the making thereof, and " without any Power of Revocation, and had been at any Time prior to the passing of that C(Act, or should be within Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of that Act," enrolled in Her Majesty's High Court of ChanceryAnd whereas by another Act, passed in the Session of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Time for making Enrolments, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled ' An Act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Land for Charitable Uses and to explain and amend the said Act, the Time for

577

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 106, 107.

for making Enrolments under the said first-recited Act was extended till the Seventeenth ' Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and it was thereby further ' provided, that in all Cases in which Money should have been really and bona fide expended

before the passing of that Act in the substantial and permanent Improvement, by building ' or otherwise, for any Charitable Use, of Land of any Tenure whatsoever, of which Possession was then held by virtue of any Deed or Assurance conveying or purporting to convey

the same, or declaring any Trusts or Trust thereof for such Charitable Use, all Money

so expended should be deemed, for the Purposes of the said Act, equivalent to Money actually paid by way of Consideration for the Purchase of the said Land: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further amended Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Every Deed or Assurance by which any Land shall have been demised for any Term of Years for any Charitable Use shall, for all the Purposes of the said recited Acts, be deemed to have been made to take effect for the Charitable Use thereby intended immediately from the making thereof, if the Term for which such Land shall have been thereby demised was thereby made to commence and take effect in possession at any Time within One Year from the Date of such Deed or Assurance.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or c " Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have qualified themselves f according to an Act of the First Year of Bang George the First, Statute Two, Chapter c Thirteen; or according to an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, ' Statute Two, Chapter One; or according to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, Chapter Two; or according to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King

Charles the Second, Statute Two; or according to an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the First, Chapter Six; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George 6 the Second, Chapter Twenty-six; or according to an Act of the Eighteenth Year of f King George the Second, Chapter Twenty; or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of i King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-three; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventeen; or according to an Act of the Tenth

Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to c any Civil or Military Offices, or Places of Trust, or riacce of Profit, or Corporate Offices; 6 or according to an Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years f of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or c some unavoidable Accident, omitted to qualify themselves, within such Time and in such c Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, c or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Every Person who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath omitted to take or make and subscribe any Oath, Assurance, or Declaration, or otherwise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and 26 & 27 Vict. 4 D who.

Deeds by which Lands are demised for Charitable Uses to take effect from the making thereof

1 G. 1. st 2. c. 13.

13 C. 2. st 2. c. 1.

25 C. 2. c. 2. 30 C. 2. st 2.

8 G. 1. c. 6.

9 G. 2. c. 26. 18 G. 2. c. 20. 6 G. 3. c. 53.

9 G.4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

21 & 22 Vict c. 48.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as re-

quired by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths and Declaration required by the Irish Act,

2 Anne, c. 6.

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Not to exempt Justices acting

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 107.

who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had apd is required, before the passing of this Act, hath taken and subscribed the Oaths or Oath and Assurance, or made the Declarations or Declaration required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, shall take and subscribe the Oaths or Oath, and Assurance, Declarations or Declaration respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Assurance, and Declarations ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, end at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Ineapaoities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or making and subscribing any Oaths or Oath, Assurance or Declaration, required by the said recited Acts or any of them, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person had duly taken or made and subscribed such Oath, Assurance, and Declaration, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person qualifying himself in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person had taken or made and subscribed such Oaths or Oath, Assurance and Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

3t ' And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or ' been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the c Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of ' Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth

of Popery

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Poreon or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form and in such Place or Plaoes respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-reoited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament

3. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shell not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Jqdgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

4, Provided also, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to

which

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 107.

which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

5* c And whetfcas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and f Other Public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such

Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls* or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and

Borough Towns Which by seteral Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not ' have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid

For the Relief of Such Persons Whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped* or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissiotie as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have Hot been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioned of Inland Revenue to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office* or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

8* Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or ate now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

7. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment* or Information shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or Restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

4 D 2

579

without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after the Time allowed.

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

General Issue.

fSQ 26* & 27° VICTORIA, c. 108.

CAP. CVIII.

Parochial Boards to appoint Vaccinators.

As to Remuneration of Vaccinators.

Registration

Districts.

Parochial Boards to give Notice of Names of Vaccinators.

An Act to extend and make compulsory the Practice of Vaccination in Scotland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend, and in certain Cases to make compulsory, the Practice of Vaccination in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Vacci-

nation of the Poor:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Within Two Months after the passing of this Act the Parochial Board of every Parish or Combination of Parishes in Scotland shall appoint a registered Medical Practitioner or Practitioners to be the Vaccinator or Vaccinators within such Parish or Combination.

2. The Remuneration to each such Vaccinator shall depend on and be regulated by the Number of Persons not previously vaccinated who have been successfully vaccinated by such Vaccinator; and the Allowance for every Person so vaccinated shall not be loss than One Shilling and Sixpence when the Vaccination is performed within Two Miles of the Residence of the Vaccinator by the nearest public Road, and Two Shillings and Sixpence when beyond that Distance.

3. For the Purposes of Registration under this Act, as herein-after provided, every Registration District, as the same exists at the Time, or may from Time to Time be erected, under and in virtue of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Regis tration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland, and of another Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-nine, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland, shall be a Vaccination District.

4. The Parochial Board of every Parish or Combination shall from Time to Time give Notice to the Board of Supervision, the Registrar General, and the Registrar or Registrars for the District within which such Parish or Combination may be wholly or partially situated, of the Names of each Vaccinator appointed by them, and that within Forty-eight Hours of the Appointment of such Vaccinator.

Parochial Boards, &c. to conform to Regulations made by Board of Supervision.

Parochial Boards to defray feepense.

Helical Treat-, ment not to be considered Parochial Relief.

Parents or Guardians ta cause Children to be vaccinated.

5. The Parochial Board of every Parish or Combination, and each Vaccinator, and any other Officers engaged in the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in any Parish or Combination, shall, in the Exercise of the Functions conferred upon them by this Act, conform to the Regulations which may from Time to Time be issued by the Board of Supervision in relation thereto, which Regulations the Board of Supervision is hereby authorized and required to make and issue.

6; The Parochial Board of every Parish or Combination shall defray the Expenses meurred by them in the Execution of this Act out of any Rates or Monies which may come into their Hands for the Relief of the Poor, including any Share that may be apportioned to any such Parish or Combination of the Grant voted or that may be voted by Parliament towards the Medical Treatment of the Poor, and shall include in the Assessment to be levied for Relief of the Poor in such Parish such Sum as may be considered necessary by them for carrying into execution the Purposes of this Act

7. Vaccination and any Medical or Surgical Treatment incidental to it shall not be considered Parochial Relief, Alms, or Charitable Allowance, and shall not affect the parochial Settlement of any Person so vaccinated or treated.

8. The Father of every Child borp in Scotland after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in the event of the Death, Illiess, or Inability of the Father, then the Mother# Qr in the, event of the Death, Illness, Absence, or Inability of the Father and Mother, then the Person who shad have the Care, Nurture, or

Custody

581

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Custody of such Child, shall, within Six Months after the Birth of such Child, cause such Child to be vaccinated by a Medical Practitioner, and upon and immediately after the successful Vaccination of such Child the Medical Practitioner who shall have performed the Operation shall deliver to the Father or Mother of such Child, or to the Person who shall have the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a Certificate under his Hand according to the Form of the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed, that such Child has been successtfoUy vaccinated; and such Certificate thall, within Three Days after the Date thereof, be transmitted to and lodged with the Registrar for the District by the Father, Mother, or Person aforesaid, and such Certificate, if registered, shall, without further Proof, be admissible as Evidence of the successful Vaccination of such Child in any Information or Complaint which shall be brought against the Father, Mother, or Person aforesaid for Non-compliance with the Provisions of this Act.

9. If any Medical Practitioner shall be of opinion that any Child is not in a fit and proper State to be successfully vaccinated, he shall thereupon and immediately deliver to the Father or Mother of such Child, or the Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of the Schedule (B.) hereto annexed, that the Child is in an unfit State for successful Vaccination, and such Certificate shall remain in force for Two Months from its Delivery as aforesaid; and the Father, Mother, or Person aforesaid shall, unless they shall within each succeeding Period of Two Months have obtained from a Medical Practitioner a Renewal of such Certificate, within Two Months next after the Delivery of the said Certificate as aforesaid, and if the said Child be not vaccinated at the Termination of such Period of Two Months, then during oach succeeding Period of Two Months until such Child has been successfully vaccinated, cause such Child to be examined by a Medical Practitioner, and if he deem such Child to be then in a fit and proper State for Vaccination, he shall forthwith vaccinate him accordingly, and if the Operation be successful shall deliver to the Father or Mother of such Child, or Person aforesaid, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of the said Schedule (A.), that such Child has been successfully vaccinated; but if the Medical Practitioner be of opinion that the Child is still in an unfit State for succesrful Vaccination, then he shall again deliver to the Father or Mother of Such Child, or Person aforesaid, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of the said Schedule (B.), that the Child is still in an unfit State for succesrful Vaccination; and the Medical Practitioner, so long as such Child remains in an unfit State for Vaccination and unvaccinated, shall at the Expiration of every succeeding Period of Two Months deliver, if required, to the Father or Mother of such Child, or Person aforesaid, a fresh Certificate under his Hand, according to the said Form; and the Production of such Certificate shall be a sufficient Defence against any Complaint which shall be brought against the Father or Mother, or Person aforesaid, for Non-compliance with the Provisions of this Act *

10. In the event of the Medical Practitioner being of opinion, after Three successive Vaccinations, that any Child is insusceptible of the Vaccine Disease, he shall deliver to the Father or Mother, or Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of such Child, a Certificate under his Hand, according to the Form of the Schedule (C.) hereto annexed, that the Child is insusceptible of Vaccine Disease.

11. On the Registration of the Birth of any Child the Registrar shall deliver to the Person registering such Birth a printed Notice in the Form or as nearly as may be the Form of the Schedule (D.) hereto annexed, and setting forth such other Particulars in regard to the Provisions of this Act as in the Opinion of the Registrar General may be necessary or expedient, and such Notice shall have attached thereto in Duplicate the several Certificates (A.), (B.), and (C.) prescribed by this Act.

12. In Insular, Highland, and other Districts, or Portions of such Districts, where, from the Difficulty of Travelling and other Causes, it may be considered inexpedient to enforce the Provisions of this Act, as expressed in the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and Eleventh Clauses hereof, it shall be competent to the Board of Supervision, upon Application by the Parochial Board, from Time to Time to frame such Modifications thereof as they niay

consider

If the Child be not in a fit State for Vac* cination, the Medical Officer to deliver a Certificate to that Effect, to be in force for Two Months.

If Child is insusceptible of Vaccine Disease, Medical Practitioner to certify the same.

Registrar of Births, &c. to deliver a printed Notice to Person registering the Birth of any Child.

In Insular, Highland, and other Districts certain Provisions of this Act may be modified.

Stationery, Books, &c. to be phmded.

Registrar General to frame Forms and Regulations.

Registrar of Births, &c. to keep Vaccination Registers.

Fee to be paid to Registrar for each Person vaccinated.

Penalty on Parent, 8cc., for not transmitting Certificate of Vaccination, &c. to Registrar.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Consider propel and the same, when approved of by the Lord Advocate for the Time being, shall be held to supersede the Provisions in these Clauses so far as regards such Districts; and the Board of Supervision may, if applied to by the Parochial Board, in such Cases appoint a Medical Practitioner or Practitioners to travel throughout such Districts for the Purpose of vaccinating under the Provisions of this Act, and may fix such reasonable Remuneration to be paid to the Medical Practitioners so appointed as they think proper, and may allocate among the Parishes or Combinations within such District such Proportion of the Expenses so fixed as the Board may think proper, and the Expenses so allocated shall be defrayed by such Parish or Combination in the same Way as the Expenses incurred by Parochial Boards in the Execution of this Act are herein directed to be paid: Provided, that in no Case shall the Remuneration to such Medical Practitioner exceed a Sum equal to Three Shillings and Sixpence for each Child vaccinated by him over and above an Allowance for Travelling Expenses.

13. Upon the Application of the Registrar General there shall be furnished to him from Time to Time from Her Majesty's Stationery Office all such Stationery, Books, Certificates, Schedules, Notices, and Forms as shall be necessary in the Execution of this Act; and the whole Expenses to be incurred by the Registrar General under the Provisions of this Act shall be defrayed in the same Manner as his Expenses are provided to be defrayed Under the said recited Act Seventeenth and Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Eighty.

14. The Registrar General, in carrying out the Provisions of this Act as regards Registration, is hereby empowered and directed to frame such Forms and Regulations as he may deem requisite for carrying this Act into full Effect; and not later than the First Ddjr of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three he shall transmit the necessary Books, Certificates, Schedules, Notices, and Forms to the Registrars of each District in Scotland, who shall deliver to the Vaccinator and other Medical Practitioners within such District such of the same as they may require for the Performance of the Duties imposed upon them by this Act.

15* The Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in every District shall enter in the Duplicate Register of Births kept and retained by him, in the Column in which the Name of each Child is written, the Word " Vaccinatedw under the Name of every such Child whose Vaccination has been certified to him as herein provided, and the Word cc Insusceptible " under the Name of every Child who has been certified, as herein provided, td he insusceptible of the Vacoine Disease, and shall initial each such Entry, and shall add thereto the Date of the Certificate of Vaccination or Insusceptibility, as the Case ttlay be; and he shall also keep a Book in which he shall, in the Form or as nearly as may be in the Form of the Schedule (E.) hereto annexed, from Time to Time enter the Name of every Child whose Vaccination has been duly certified to him as necessarily postponed, and the Date of the Certificate, and the Period for which the Vaccination is postponed, and each Entry itl the Register of postponed Vaccinations shall refer to the corresponding Eritfy in the Register of Births of the Birth df each such Child; and stich Books shall be open for Search at all reasonable Times, and the Registrar shall be obliged to give a Copy, certified linden his Hand, of each Entry therein, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Search, and Sixpence for each Certificate.

16. A Fee of Threepence shall be paid to the Registrar for each Person vaccinated in respect of whom he shall have performed the Duties required in this Act, and the said Fee shall be payable in the same Manner as the Fee now payable to stich Registrar for registering Births is paid; and the Stlttls required for the Execution of this Act in regard to Registration shall be laid on along with and form Part of the Assessment authorized by the Acts in force for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

17. In every Case where there is not transmitted to the Registrar a Certificate of the Vaccination of any Child born within his District, or of the Postponement of such Vaccination, or of the Insusceptibility of such Child to Vaccine Disease, all within the Periods and in the Manner respectively hereby prescribed, the Registrar of the District shall intimate such Failure to the Father or Mother, or Person having the Care, Nurture,

or

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108. §83

or Custody of such Child* by a Notice transmitted through the Post Office; and if a Certificate, as herein provided, is not exhibited by suob Father or Mother, or other Person, to the Registrar within Ten Days from the Despatch of such Notice, the Father or Mother, or Person aforesaid, so failing shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be applied in the Manner in which Penalties are directed to be applied under this Act, and the further Sum of One Shilling to be paid to the Registrar in respect of such Notice; and said last-mentioned Sums may be recovered in the same Way as Penalties are herein directed to be recovered, and failing Payment of either of said Sums, such Father, Mother, or Person aforesaid shall be liable to be imprisoned in any of Her Majesty's Prisons for a Period not exceeding Ten Days.

18. The Registrar of each District shall once in every Six Months transmit to the Parochial Inspector of the Poor of the Parish or Combination in which such District is situate a for18Sue

List of the Names and Addresses of such Persons as have failed to transmit or lodge a Vaccination on Certificate of Vaccination in Terms of this Act; and on the Receipt of such List the Receipt of List Inspector of the Poor shall lay the same before the Parochial Board of such Parish or from ReSistrar-Combination, and thereupon the Parochial Board shall issue an Order to the Vaccinator appointed by them to vaccinate the Persons named in such List; and Notice in Writing of such Order shall be given to such Persons, or, If Children, to their Father or Mother, or the Persons having (Jare of them; and in pursuance of such Ordpr the Vaccinator shall vaccinate the Persons named therein, or any of them, at any Time not less than Ten nor more than Twenty Days after the Date of such Notice, unless such Persons shall previously hftve been yaacmated, and a Certificate of their Vaccination or Insusceptibility shall have been transmitted to the Registrar; and if any such Person or the Parent or Person having the Cftre of any such Child shall refuse to. allow such Operation to be performed, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and, failing Payment, to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Ten Days.

10. In the General Abstract of Births, Deaths, and Marriages registered during the Return to be Year which by the said recited Act Seventeenth mid Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Eighty, the Registrar General is required once in each Year to transmit to Her Majesty's Principal ron

Secretary of State for the Home Department, he shall from and after the passing of this Act include a Return showing the Number of Children successfully vaccinated, the Number of Children whose Vaccination has been postponed, and the Number of Children certified to be insusceptible of Vaccine Disease, and such other Information as the said Secretary of State may from Time to Tima require.

20. In all Matters relating to the Execution of this Act the respective Registrars shall Registrars to be subject to the Supervision and Control of the Registrar General and the Inspectors ^ectto under mm, in the same Way and Manner as such Registrars are subject to Supervision and Registrar Control under the Acts in force relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Mar- General, riages in Scotland; aqd the Registrar General and Inspectors are hereby empowered and required to exercise such Supervision and Control; and whenever it appears to them that the Provisions of this Act are not being carried folly into effect by any Parochial Board or the Officers appointed by them, the Registrar General shall call the Attention of the Board of Supervision thereto with a view to their providing the requisite Remedy.

21. The Medical Practitioners appointed as Vaccinators in each Parish or Combination Vaccinators to

shall keep a Book in which they shall enter from Time to Time the Number of Persons keep a Book of successfully vaccinated by them, those Cases in which Vaccination has been postponed, vacci '

and those which have been certified to be insusceptible; and they shall yearly, or at such other Times as the Board of Supervision may direct, make a Return to the Board embracing these and such other Particulars as the Board of Supervision may require; and such Books and Returns shall at all Times he open to Inspection, free of Charge, by the Re^istra

General, Inspectors, or Registrars, and Officers of the Parochial Board of foe Parish or Combination f0 which foey felate.

22. No

No Certificate to be received as Evidence unless recorded.

Vaccinator to transmit to Registrars the Particulars of Certificate.

Penalty on Persons inoculating so as to produceDisease.

Recovery of Penalties.

When Proceedings for enforcing Penalties may be raised.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

22. No Certificate granted under the Provisions of this Act shall be received as Evidence in any Information or Complaint which shall be brought against the Father or Mother or other Person having the Care, Nurture, or Custody of the Child named in said Certificate, unless the same has been duly recorded by the Registrar of the District within which such Child was bom in manner herein-before provided.

23. In every Case where, under the Provisions of this Act, the Vaccinator is required to grant a Certificate of Vaccination, or of Postponement of Vaccination, or of Insusceptibility to Vaccine Disease, and grants the same, he shall be bound, and he is hereby required, to transmit to the Registrar of the District within which the Child referred to in such Certificate was born the Particulars contained in such Certificate, in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, of the Schedule (F.) hereto annexed, and that within Forty-eight Hours from the Date of such Certificate, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for each Omission.

24. Any Person who shall produce or attempt to produce in any Person, by Inoculation with Variolous Matter, or by wilful Exposure to Variolous Matter, or to any Matter, Article, or Thing impregnated with Variolous Matter, or wilfully by any other Means whatever produce the Disease of Small-pox in Scotland, shall forfeit a Sum of Five Pound:-, which shall be recoverable and shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties are directed to be recovered and applied under the Provisions of this Act .;

25. All Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered by summary Proceeding, upon Complaint in Writing made by the Inspector of Poor of the Parish or Combination within which respectively the Offence shall have been committed, to the Sheriff of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed, or to the Sheriff of the County in which the Offender may be found; and on such Complaint being made, such Sheriff shall issue a Warrant for bringing the Party complained against before him, or shall issue an Order requiring the Party complained against to appear on a Day and at a Time and Place to be named in such Order; and such Warrant or Order may contain a Warrant to cite Witnesses for both Parties; and such Warrant or Order shall be effectual in any Part of Scotland on being endorsed by the Sheriff of any County in which it is to be executed, if other than the County wherein it has been granted, and which Endorsation such Sheriff is hereby authorized to give, and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to any Messenger-at-Arms or Sheriff Officer to apprehend and detain the Offender in Custody till he can be brought before the Sheriff; and any such Order shall be served by a Messenger-at-Arms or Sheriffs Officer on the Party offending, either in Person or by leaving with some Inmate at his usual Place of Abode a Copy of such Order and of the Complaint whereupon the same has proceeded; and either upon the Appearance or upon the Default to appear of the Party offending, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff to proceed to the hearing of the Complaint, and upon Proof of the Offence, either by the Confession of the Party complained against or other legal Evidence, and without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, to convict the Offender, and upon such Conviction to decern and adjudge the Offender to pay the Penalty incurred, as well as such Expenses as the Sheriff shall think fit, and to grant Warrant for imprisoning the Offender until such Penalty and Expenses shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrant shall specify the Amount of such Penalty and Expenses, and shall also specify a Period at the Expiration of which the Party shall be discharged, notwithstanding such Penalty or Expenses shall not have been paid, and shall in no Case exceed Two Months: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, if he shall see good Cause so to do, to adjourn the Proceedings for such Time as he may consider proper for the Ends of Justice; and in such Cases the Sheriff shall have Power to allow the Party complained of to go at Liberty, on finding proper Bail, to be fixed by him, to appear at any such adjourned Diet of the Proceedings.

26. It shall be competent to raise such Proceedings for enforcing any Penalties incurred in contravention of this Act at any Time during which the Person against whom such Proceedings are taken is in default; and the Sheriff by whom any Penalty shall be found due, by virtue of this Act, shall award such Penalty to the Funds for the Support of the Poor

of

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108. 585

of the Parish or Combination in which the Offence shall have been committed, and shall order the same to be paid oyer to the Inspector of Poor or other Officer of the Parochial Board for that Purpose.

27. Wherever the Parochial Board of any Parish or Combination shall fail to do or Board of

perform any of the Acts or Duties hereby required of them, it shall be lawful to the Board 'to

of Supervision, without Prejudice to any Right competent to such Board of Supervision to formanee of compel Performance thereof, to do or perform the same, and the Acts or Duties so done Acts and and performed by the Board of Supervision shall be as valid and effectual as if done or

erformed by the Parochial Board failing as aforesaid; and the Board of Supervision shall ave the same Powers for directing and enforcing the Execution of this Act by Parochial Boards as they now or may hereafter have in relation to any Matter concerning the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

28. Wherever under the Provisions of this Act the Parochial Board of a Parish is Where no Pa-required to do or perform any Acts or Duties, and no Parochial Board exists within such

Parish, the Heritors, as defined in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter en

Eighty, except as after provided, shall do or perform such Act or Duty in the same Manner as is provided with respect to Heritors, in the like Cases, in the said recited Act, and in the Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-nine: Provided always, that when any such Parish, or Portion thereof, is situate within Burgh, the Town Council shall have the same Powers with reference to the Execution of this Act, in so far as Registration is concerned, as are conferred by the Acts in force for the Registration of Births, Marriages, and Deaths.

29. Any Dispute or Difference which may arise in regard to the Allocation of the Expenses attendant upon the Execution of this Act, between Parishes or otherwise, shall be determined by the Sheriff of the County in which such Parishes are situate, or if in different Counties, then by the Sheriff of the County in which the Parish or Portion of a Parish so disputing possessed of the largest Rental is situated, such Rental being ascertained by the Valuation Roll in force at the Time.

80. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings interpretation hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to of Terms, such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Expression "Registrar General" shall mean the Registrar General of Births,

Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland for the Time being, appointed and acting under the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Eighty. The Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff of the County in which he is Sheriff, and shall include Sheriff Substitutes:

The Expression " Board of Supervision" shall mean the Board of Supervision for Relief of the Poor in Scotland:

The Expression " Medical Practitioner" shall mean any Person registered as a Practitioner in Medicine or Surgery pursuant to the Act Twenty-first and Twenty-second Victoria, Chapter Ninety, and shall include the Vaccinator:

The Expression "Vaccinator" shall mean the Medical Practitioner appointed by any Parish or Combination to act as such in such Parish or Combination:

The Expression " the District" shall mean and include the Registration District at the Time existing, erected under and in virtue of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Eighty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland, and of another Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-nine, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Births and Marriages in Scotland.

26 & 27 VICT. 4 E SCHE-

Digputes to be determined by Sheriff.

586

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

SCHEDULES referred to by this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify, That the Child of aged

of the Parish of in the County of has been successfully

vaccinated by me.

Dated this Day of 186 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Surgeon of the Parish or Combination (or other Medical Practitioner, as the Case may he).

SCHEDULE (B.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify. That I am of opinion that the Child of of the Parish of in the County of aged is not now in a fit

and proper State to be successfully vaccinated, and I do hereby postpone the Vaccination until the Day of

Dated this Day of 186

(Signed) A.B.,

Surgeon of the Parish or Combination (or other Medical Practitioner, as the Case may be).

SCHEDULE (C.)

I, the undersigned, hereby certify. That I am of opinion that the Child of of the Parish of in the County of is insusceptible of the Vaccine

Disease.

Dated this Day of 186 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Surgeon of the Parish or Combination of (or other Medical

Practitioner, as the Case may be).

SCHEDULE (D.)

To the Parent or Guardian of (insert Name of Child whose Birth is registered).

Take Notice, that this Child must be vaccinated, under the Provisions of and

Victoria, Chapter, within Months from the Date of his

(or her) Birth, under a Penalty of £

(Signed) A.B., Registrar.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Register of postponed Vaccinations for the District of in the Parish of

No. Birth Register in which recorded. Period to which Vaccination postponed. | Date of Signature

Year. No. of Entry. Certificate. of Registrar.

1 Mary Nixson - 1864 12 Postponed to 10th March 1864. 12th January 1864 J. Smith, Registrar.

2 3 Thomas Dickson 1864 14 Postponed to 4th February 1864. 4th January 1864 - J. Smith, Registrar.

587

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 108, 109.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Schedule of Particulars to be transmitted by Vaccinator to Registrar.

1 Full Name of Child. Sex. Parent's Name. Parish of Birth of Child. Nature of Certificate granted in each Case. Date to which postponed. Date of Certificate.

John Smith - Male - James Smith - Dalkeith Successfully vaccinated. - 4 January 1864.

Mary Jones - Female John Jones Dalkeith Postponed - 20 May 1864 - 5 January 1864.

James Irvine Male - John Irvine - Dalkeith Insusceptible - 5 January 1864.

I, Vaccinator for the Parish of, in the county of,

hereby certify that I have granted Certificates under the Vict. Cap., containing

the Particulars specified in this Schedule, and of the Dates respectively herein stated. (Signed)

Vaccinator for the Parish of

CAP. CIX.

An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Daw relating to the Removal of Prisoners in Scotland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law for the Removal of Prisoners in Scotland; Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

X. When any Prisoner shall hereafter be received into a Prison by Removal from another Prison, it shall be lawful, under the Rules in force in the Prison into which he is so received, to punish him for any Misconduct which he may have committed in the Course of such Removal, or within the Period of Twenty-four Hours before the Commencement of the same, as if such Misconduct had been committed by him within the Prison into which he is so received.

2. When by any Sentence of a Circuit Court of Justiciary in Scotland an Offender is sentenced to Penal Servitude, or to Imprisonment for a Period of Nine Months or upwards, such Sentence shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be, a Sentence which shall be carried into effect by the Removal of such Offender from the Bar to the chief Local Prison situated in the Town in which such Circuit Court of Justiciary is then sitting, and by his Detention in such Prison until he is removed therefrom in due Course of Law, unless such Sentence shall contain a Clause that such Offender shall not be detained in such Prison, or shall only be detained therein for a Length of Time specified in the Sentence.

4 E 2

As to Punishment of Prisoners for Misconduct during Removal from one Prison to another.

Sentences of PenalServitude, &c. to carried into effect by Removal of Offender from the Bar to the chief Local Prison.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 110, 111.

CAP. CX.

16 & 17 Vi.t. c. 97.

An Act to amend the Lunacy Acts in relation to the building of Asylums for Pauper Lunatics.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by "The Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853/' the Justices of every County ' and Borough are required to provide an Asylum for the Reception of their Pauper

Lunatics, but Power is given to Two or more Counties and Boroughs to unite together

for the Purpose of providing an Asylum for their common Use: And whereas by the said Act County is defined to include a County of a City or County of a Town, and Borough c is defined to mean every Borough, Town, and City Corporate having a Quarter Sessions,

Recorder, and Clerk of the Peace: And whereas by " The Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, ' 1862," it is provided that the Word " County " shall not, except in the Case of the City of ' London, mean a County of a City or County of a Town: And whereas certain Counties of Towns have Quarter Sessions, but such Quarter Sessions are not held by a Recorder: And whereas at the Date of the passing of the last-mentioned Act certain Agreements were ' pending for the Union, with a view to a common Asylum, of certain Counties, including

Counties of Towns: And whereas it is expedient to confirm such Agreements in certain c Cases, notwithstanding that by virtue of the last-mentioned Act a County of a Town is ' no longer included under the Term " County," and is by such Exclusion rendered incapable ' of carrying into effect such Agreement Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Confirmation of certain Agreements between Counties.

Explantion of Section 8. of 25 & 26 Vict. c. 86.

[Short Title.]

1. Where, in pursuance of "The Lunatic Asylums Act, 1853," an Agreement for providing a common Asylum has been duly entered into between divers Counties, properly so called, and such Agreement has been afterwards varied by the Admission as a Rarty thereto of a County of a City or County of a Town, the original Agreement shall be binding on the Counties originally Parties thereto, in the same Manner as if no Variation of such Agreement had been made.

2. 4 Whereas by the Eighth Section of "The Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1862," it

is provided to the Effect that it shall be lawful for the Visitors of any Asylum, and the (Guardians of any Parish or Union within the District for which the Asylum has been provided, to make Arrangements, subject to such Approval as therein mentioned, for the Reception and Care in the Workhouse of the Parish or Union of a limited Number of (chronic Lunatics to be selected as therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts are enter-f tained whether the Expression " chronic Lunatics " therein mentioned includes Lunatics ' chargeable to Parishes or Unions other than the Parish or Union into the Workhouse of ' which they are proposed to be receivedNow it is hereby declared, That the Words " chronic Lunatics " in the said Section include chronic Lunatics chargeable to other Parishes or Unions, as well as chronic Lunatics chargeable to the Parish or Union into the Workhouse of which they are proposed to be received.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1863."

CAP. CXI.

An Act to amend The Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society Winding-up Act, 1861.

[28th July 1863.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and U Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Not-

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. Ill, 112.

589

Repeal of Section 8. of former Act, and Substitution of new Provision.

L Notwithstanding anything in The Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society Appointment Winding; -up Act, 1861, contained, from Time to Time, on the Death or Resignation, after ofs^ie^y* the passing of this Act, of any One of the Persons referred to in the said Act as the First Lord of present Trustees of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society, or of any Person Admiralty on appointed a Trustee of the Society as herein-after provided, the Vacancy caused thereby in Vacancies-the Office of Trustee shall be filled up by the Appointment in Writing by the Lord High Admiral or the First Lord of the Admiralty (as the Case may be) of another Person to be a Trustee of the Society; and immediately on every such Appointment all Stocks and Funds belonging to the Society shall be so transferred as to vest in the Body of Trustees of the Society for the Time being; and the Persons appointed or chosen under the said Act shall henceforth be deemed and called the Managers of the Society, and shall not be deemed or called Trustees of the Society.

2. Section Eight of the said Act shall be repealed, and the following Provision shall take effect in lieu thereof:

The Managers of the Society for the Time being, on the joint Direction in Writing of the Lord High Admiral or the First Lord of the Admiralty (as the Case may be) and the Secretary to the Admiralty, (such Direction being given, if it seems fit, on the Recommendation in Writing of the Managers of the Society for the Time being, or of any Two or more of them, but not otherwise,) shall, with and out of the General Fund in the said Act mentioned, purchase from Time to Time of and from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt any such Life Annuities of not less than Twenty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence each as may be payable out of the Funds of the Society (being the Amount of Annuity now legally payable to the respective Persons entitled thereto), and after providing for all such Annuities as aforesaid shall, on such joint Direction as aforesaid, (such Direction being given, if it seems fit, on such Recommendation as aforesaid, but not otherwise,) when and so soon as the General Fund shall be sufficient for the Purpose, apply the same in the Purchase of and from the said Commissioners, or any Life Assurance Company in London or Westminster which may have been established for Twenty-five Years or upwards, such and so many Reversionary Life Annuities as would or might have become payable if the said Act had not been passed.

3. Sections Nine and Ten of the said Act shall be construed as if the last foregoing Construction

Provision of this Act were substituted in the said Act for Section Eight thereof. of Sections 9.

and 10. of former Act

CAP. CXII.

An Act to regulate the Exercise of Powers under Special Acts for the Construction and Maintenance of Telegraphs.

[28th July 1863.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Telegraph Act, 1863.

2. This Act shall apply —

(1.) To every Company to be hereafter authorized by Special Act of Parliament to construct and maintain Telegraphs:

(2.) To every Company so authorized before the passing of this Act by any such Special Act, notwithstanding anything in any such Special Act contained, — but so that, except as herein-after expressly provided, nothing in this Act shall give to any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of Land, or other Person, or to any Body, as against any such Company as last aforesaid, in respect of anything

lawfully

[Short Title.]

Application of this Act to all future Telegraph Companies, and also, subject to certain Exceptions, to all existing Telegraph Companies.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

lawfully done before the passing of this Act by such Company under any such Special Act, any further or other Bight, Power, Jurisdiction, Authority, or Remedy than he or they would have had if this Act had not been passed: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Maintenance or Repair, under any such Special Act, of any Work lawfully constructed before the passing of this Act by any such Company under any Such Special Act, or with the increasing of the Number of the Wires forming Part of any such Work; and that nothing in this Act shall relieve any such Company from any Obligation or Liability under any Agreement made before the passing of this Act, or shall make lawful any Work constructed by the Company before the passing of this Act which is the Subject of any Proceedings at Law or in Equity pending at the passing of this Act, or which has been constructed without such Consent as was required for the Construction thereof before the passing of this Act.

3. In this Act —

The Term " the Company" means any Company to be hereafter authorized as aforesaid (herein-after distinguished by the Term " future Company "), or any Company already so authorized (herein-after distinguished by the Term " existing Company "):

The Term " Telegraph" means a Wire or Wires used for the Purpose of Telegraphic Communication, with any Casing, Coating, Tube, or Pipe inclosing the same, and any Apparatus connected therewith for the Purpose of Telegraphic Communication:

The Term " Post" means a Post, Pole, Standard, Stay, Strut, or other aboveground Contrivance for carrying, suspending, or supporting a Telegraph:

The Term " Work " includes Telegraphs and Posts:

The Term "Street" means a public Way situate within a City, Town, or Village, or between Lands continuously built upon on either Side, and repaired at the public Expense, or at the Expense of any Turnpike or other public Trust, or ratione tenure including the Footpaths of such Way, and any Bridge forming Part thereof:

The Term "public Road" means a public Highway for Carriages being repaired at the public Expense, or at the Expense of any Turnpike or other public Trust, or ratione tenuraz, and not being a Street, including the Footpaths of such public Highway, and any Bridge forming Part thereof, and also any Land by the Side and forming Part of such a public Highway, but not including a Railway or Canal:

The Term "Railway" includes any Station, Work, or Building connected with a Railway:

The Term " Canal " includes Navigation or navigable River, and any Dock, Basin, Towing-path, Wharf, Work, or Building connected with a Canal:

The Term "Land" means Land not being a Street or public Road, and not being Land by the Side and forming Part of a public Road, and includes Land laid out for and proposed by the Owner to be converted into a Street or public Road:

The Term " Body " includes a Body of Trustees or Commissioners, Municipal Corporation, Grand Jury, Board, Vestry, Company, or Society, whether incorporated or not; and any Provision referring to a Body applies to a Person, as the Case may require:

The Term " Person " includes Corporation Aggregate or Sole:

The Term " the Board of Trade" means the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for the Time being appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations:

The Term "Justice" means Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises:

The Term " Two Justices" means Two or more Justices met and acting together, or any One Police Magistrate or Justice having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two Justices:

The Term " Sheriff" means the Sheriff Depute of the County or Ward of a County in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland, in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and includes the Substitutes of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively.

4. The

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

4. The Provisions of The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, and the Provisions of The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to the Sheriff, or to Justices, shall, so far as the same are applicable, and save so far as the same are inconsistent with any express Provision of this Act, be incorporated with this Act; and Terms used in those Provisions shall be interpreted as the same Terms are directed to be interpreted in this Act.

5. The following Provisions shall apply to Notices and Consents under this Act:

(1.) Every Notice or Consent shall be in Writing or Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print:

(2.) Any Notice to or by the Company or a Body having the Control of a Street or public

Road, or of the Sewerage or Drainage thereunder, may be given to or by the Secretary, Clerk, or Surveyor, or other like Officer (if any) of the Company or of such Body, as the Case may be:

(3.) Any Consent may be given on such pecuniary or other Terms or Conditions (being in themselves lawful) or subject to such Stipulations as to the Time or Mode of Execution of any Work, or as to the Removal or Alteration, in any Event, of any Work, or as to any other Thing connected with or relative to any Work, as the Person or Body giving Consent thinks fit.

General Powers of Company.

6. Subject to the Restrictions and Provisions herein-after contained, the Company may execute Works as follows:

(1.) They may place and maintain a Telegraph under any Street or public Road, and may alter or remove the same:

(2.) They may place and maintain a Telegraph over, along, or across any Street or public Road, and place and maintain Posts in or upon any Street or public Road, and may alter or remove the same:

(3.) They may, for the Purposes aforesaid, open or break up any Street or public Road, and alter the Position thereunder of any Pipe (not being a Main) for the Supply of Water or Gas:

(4.) They may place and maintain a Telegraph and Posts under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Land or Building, or any Railway or Canal, or any Estuary or Branch of the Sea, or the Shore or Bed of any Tidal Water, and may alter or remove the same:

Provided always, that the Company shall not be deemed to acquire any Right other than that of User only in the Soil of any Street or public Road under, in, upon, over, along, or across which they place any Work.

7. In the Exercise of the Powers given by the last foregoing Section the Company shall do as little Damage as may be, and shall make full Compensation to all Bodies and Persons interested for all Damage sustained by them by reason or in consequence of the Exercise of such Powers, the Amount and Application of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively, and any Act amending those Acts, for the Determination (of the Amount and Application of Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected.

8. In the Exercise of the aforesaid Powers, the Company shall also be subject to the following Restrictions:

(1.) They shall cause as little Detriment or Inconvenience as Circumstances admit to the Body or Person to or by whom any Pipe for the Supply of Water or Gas belongs or is used:

(2.) Before they alter the Position of any such Pipe they shall give to the Body to whom the same belongs Notice of their Intention to do so, specifying the Time

at

591

Recovery of Damages, Costs, Expenses, and Penalties.

Provisions as to Notices and Consents.

General Description of Works which a Telegraph Company may execute, subject to the Restrictions of this Act.

Provision aa to Compensation.

Provision as to Gas and Water Pipes.

i

2ff° & c. l 12.

i.

, at which they will begfo to do so, such Notice to be given Twenty-fout Hours at

least before the Cpn^unsncement of the Work for effecting euch Alteration:,

(3.) The Company shall xio_t execute such Work except under the Superintendence of the Body to whom such Pipe belongs, unless; such Body refuses or nBglects to give such Superintendence at the Time specified in the Notice for the Commencement of the Work, or discontinues the same during the Work; and the Company shall execute such Work to the reasonable Satisfaction of such Body:

(4.) The Company shall pay all reasonable Expenses to which such Body may be put on . account of such Superintendence:

And the Body to whom any such Pipe belongs may, when and as Occasion requires, alter the Position of auy Work of the Company already constructed, or to be hereafter constructed, under, in, or upon a Street or public Hoad, on the same Conditions as are by the last foregoing and present Sections imposed on the Company in relation to such a Body, mutytis mutandis.

Restrictions as to Telegraphs under Streets and publiclioads.

9. The Company shall not place a Telegraph under any Street within the Limits of the District over which the Authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works extend^ or of any City'or Municipal Borough or Town Corporate, or of any Town having a Population of Tmrty thousand Inhabitants ot upwards (according to the latest Census), except with the Consent of the Bodies having the Control of the Streets within such respective Limits.

IQ. Where the .Company has obtained Consent to the placing, or by virtue of the Powers of the Company under this Act intends to proceed with the placing, of a Telegraph under a Street or public Road, the Depth, Course, and Position at and in which the same is to be placed shall be settled between the Company and the following Bodies:

The Body having the Control of the Street or public Road:

The Body having the Control of the Sewerage or Drainage thereunder:

But if such 'Settlement: is not come to with any such Body, the following Provisions shall take effieot '

(1.) The Company may give to such Body a Notice specifying the Depth, Course, and, - 1 Position which the Company desires:

the Bod^ to'whom such Notice is given does not, within Twenty-eight Days after: the giving of such Nbtide, give to the Company a Counter-Notice objecting to the Proposal of tho Company, and specifying the Depth, Course, and Position which such Body desires, they shall be deemed to have agreed to the Proposal of the Conppany:

!1' (3,) In'the event of ultimate Difference between the Company and such Body, the 1 ' Depth, Course, and Position shall be determined in England or Ireland by Two

Justices, and in Scotland by Two Justices or the Sheriff.

DU Every underground Tube or Pipe of the Company shall be so marked as to distinguish it from Tubes or Pipes of every other Company.

lfe. The Company shall not place a Telegraph over, along, or across a Street or public Road, or a Post in or upon a Street or public Road, except with the Consent of the Body having the Control of such Street or public Road; and where a public Road passes through or by the Side of any Park or Pleasure Grounds, and where a public Road crosses, by means of a Bridge or Viaduct, or abuts on any ornamental Water belonging to an^ Park or Pleasure Grounds, and where a public Road crosses or abuts ^on a private Drive through any Park or Pleasure Grounds, or to any Mansion, the Company shall not, without, or otherwise than in accordance with, the Consent of the Owner, Lessee, and Occupier of such Park, Pleasure Grounds, or Mansion, place any Work above Ground on such public

Where Land- 13. Where any Landowner or other Person is liable for the Repair of any Street or Hable^toRe18ir P11^0 Road (notwithstanding that the lame is dedicated to the Public), the Company shall of street, &c. not place any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across such Street or public Road, Company not except

Not to place Telegraphs under Streets in Metropolis and large Towns without Consent.

Depth, Course, &c. of underground Works to be agreed oh between Street or Road Authority /md . (Company, or else to be .dew termined by, Justices or Sheriff.

Underground Tubes to have distinguishing Mark.

Company not to place a Telegraph along a Street or Road without Consent of Body having Control of Street, & c. As to where a public Road passes through' Parks, Pleasure Grounds, &c.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112. 593

except with the Consent of such Landowner or other Person, in addition to the Consent of to place Works the Body having the Control of such Street or public Road, where under this Act such 2a^outet, last-mentioned Consent is required: Provided, that where the Company places a Tele- Consent graph across or over any Street or public Road they shall not place it so low as to stop, Proviso, hinder, or interfere with the Passage for any Purpose whatsoever along the Street or public Road,

Removal of Works affecting Streets and public Roads.

14. In the following Cases — In case of

(1.) If any Part of the Company's Works is abandoned, or suffered to fall into

Decay; Street or Road

(2.) If the Company is dissolved, or ceases for Six Months to carry on Business, Authority or the Body having the Control of any Street or public Road, or the Owner of any Land or Building affected (in the former Case) by such Part of the Company's Works as aforesaid, them, or (in the latter Case) by any of the Company's Works, may give Notice to the Company, or leave a Notice at the last known Office or Place of Business of the Company, to the Effect that if such Works as are specified in the Notice are not removed within One Month after the Notice given or left, the same will be removed by the Body having such Control, or by such Owner; and in every such Case, unless such Works are removed accordingly, the Body having such Control or such Owner may, without Prejudice to any Remedy against the Company, remove such Works, or any Part thereof, and sell the Materials thereof or of any Part thereof, and, out of the Proceeds of such Sale, reimburse themselves their Expenses relative to such Notice, Removal, and Sale, and consequent thereon (rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Company), and may recover any unpaid Residue of such Expenses from the Company. The present Section shall apply to an existing Company, in respect of any Work already constructed or to be hereafter constructed, as well as to a future Company.

15. In case the Body having the Control of any Street or public Road at any Time In event of hereafter resolves to alter the Line or Level of any Portion of such Street or Road under,

in, upon, over, along, or across which any Work of the Company constructed either before or company to ' after the passing of this Act is placed, the Company shall from Time to Time be bound, on remove and receiving One Month's Notice of such intended Alteration, and at their own Expense, to remove such Work, and to replace the same in such Position and Manner in all respects as or over the may be required by such Body, or, in the event of Difference between such Body and the same. Company, in such Position and Manner in all respects as may be determined in England or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Scotland by Two Justices or the Sheriff

16. Where the Company has, before the passing of this Act, placed Posts in or upon a Removal of Street or public Road, and the Body having the Control of the Street or Road considers

the Position of any such Post to be dangerous or inconvenient, the following Provisions befor/paasing shall take effect: — of this Act.

(1.) Such Body may give to the Company a Notice requiring them to remove or alter the Position of such Post, and specifying the Grounds of such Requisition:

(2.) The Company cither shall, within Fourteen Days after Receipt of such Notice, remove or alter the Position of the Post in accordance with the Notice; or else, if they do not intend to remove or alter the Position of the Post in accordance with the Notice, shall, within One Week after Receipt of the Notice, deliver to such Body a Counter-Notice, specifying their Objection to such Removal or Alteration:

(3.) Such Body may send Copies of the Notice and Counter-Notice to the Board of Trade:

(4.) As soon as may be after Receipt of such Copies, the Board of Trade shall (unless the Difference between the Body giving the Notice and the Company is arranged) make Inquiry and Examination, and hear and determine the Matter of the Notice and Counter-Notice:

(5.) On hearing any such Matter, the Board of Trade may direct that the Company shall comply with the Notice, wholly or in part, or subject to any such Modifications as 26 & 27 Vict. 4 F the

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

the Board of Trade prescribes, or on condition that the Body giving the Notice shall afford to the Company all reasonable and proper Facilities in their Power for substituting some other Work for that to which the Notice relates, or on any such other Condition as to the Board of Trade seems, according to the Circumstances of the Case, just and expedient, and the Expenses incurred in or about such Removal or Alteration shall be borne and paid by the Company or by tho Body giving the Notice, or partly by one and partly by the other, as to the Board of Trade seems, according to the Circumstances of the Case, just and expedient, the Amount of such Expenses to be determined in case of Difference by the Board of Trade.

Streets and public Roads to be opened only after Notice and under Superintendence.

Street* and public Road* to be restored and kept in repair for Six Months.

[Penalty.]

Restrictions as to the opening of Streets and public Roads.

17. Subject to any special Stipulations made with a Company by the Body having the Control of a Street or public Road, and to any Determinations, Orders, or Directions of the Justices, or Sheriff as aforesaid, where the Company proceeds to open or break up a Street or public Road, the following Provisions shall take effect: —

(1.) The Company shall give to the Bodies betw een whom respectively and the Company the Depth, Course, and Position of a Telegraph under such Street or public Road are herein-before required to be settled or determined. Notice of their Intention to open or break up such Street or public Road, specifying the Time at which they will begin to do so, — such Notice to be given, in the Case of an underground Work, Ten Days at least, and in the Case of an aboveground Work Five Days at least, before the Commencement of the Work; except in case of Emergency, in which Case Notice of the Work proposed shall be given as soon as may be after the Commencement thereof:

(2.) The Company shall not (save in case of Emergency) open or break up any Street or public Road, except under the Superintendence of the Bodies to whom respectively Notice is by the present Section required to be given, unless such Bodies respectively refuse or neglect to give such Superintendence at the Time specified in the Notice for the Commencement of the Work, or discontinue the same during the Work:

(3.) The Company shall pay all reasonable Expenses to which such Bodies respectively may be put on account of such Superintendence.

18. Subject to any such special Stipulations as aforesaid, after the Company has opened or broken up a Street or public Road they shall be under the following further Obligations: -

(1.) They shall, with all convenient Speed, complete the Work on account of which they opened or broke up the same, and fill in the Ground, and make good the Surface, and generally restore the Street or public Road to as good a Condition as that in which it was before being opened or broken up, and carry away all Rubbish occasioned thereby:

(2.) They shall in the meantime cause the Place where the Street or public Road is opened or broken up to be fenced and watched, and to be properly lighted at Night:

(&) They shall pay all reasonable Expenses of keeping the Street or public Road in good Repair for Six Months after the same is restored, so far as such Expenses may be increased by such opening or breaking up:

If the Company fails to comply in any respect with the Provisions of the present Section, they shall for every such Offence (without Prejudice to the Right of any Person to enforce specific Performance of the Requirements of this Act, or to any other Remedy against them,) be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Day during which any such Failure continues after the First Day when such Penalty was adjudged; and any such Penalty shall (notwithstanding anything herein-before, or in any Act relating to Municipal Corporations, or to the Metropolitan Police Force, or in any other Act, contained) go and belong to the Body

having

1595

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

having the Control of the Street or public Road, and shall form Part of the Funds applicable by them to the Maintenance of the Street or public Road *

19, Whenever the permanent Surface or Soil of any Street or public Road is broken up or opened by the Company, it shall be lawful for the Body having the Control of the Street or Road, in case they think it expedient so to do, to fill in the Ground, and to make good the Pavement or Surface or Soil so broken up or opened, and to carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, instead of permitting such Work to be done by the Company; and the Costs and Expenses of filling in such Ground, and of making good the Pavement or Soil so broken up or opened, shall be repaid on Demand to the Body having the Control of the Street or Road by the Company, and in default thereof may be recovered by the Body having the Control of the Street or Road from the Company as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

Power to Street or Hoad Authorities to execute Works and charge the Expenses to the Company.

20, The Company shall not stop or impede Traffic in any Street or public Road, or into Restrictions on or out of any Street or public Road, further than is necessary for the proper Execution of ^pediments to their Works. They shall not close against Traffic more than One Third in Width of any ia c *

Street or public Road, or of any Way opening into any Street or public Road, at One Time; and in case Two Thirds of such Street or Road are not wide enough to allow Two Carriages to pass each other, they shall not occupy with their Works at One Time more than Fifty Yards in Length of the One Third thereof, except with the special Consent of the Body having the Control thereof.

Restrictions as to Works affecting private or Croton Property.

21. The Company shall not place any Work by the Side of any Land or Building, so as Ab to Works to stop, hinder, or interfere with Ingress or Egress for any Purpose to or from the same, or place any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Land or Building, except with ro-

the previous Consent in every Case of the Owner, Lessee, and Occupier of such Land or Building, which Consent, in case of any Land or Building belonging to or enjoyed by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown, may be given by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them, on behalf of Her Majesty: Provided always, that with respect to Lands and Buildings situate within the Limits of the District over which the Authority of the Metropolitan Board of Works extends (herein-after referred to as the Metropolis), or within the Limits of any City or Municipal Borough or Town Corporate, or any Town haring a Population of Thirty thousand Inhabitants or upwards, according to the latest Census (hereinafter referred to as a City or large Town), if the Body having the Control of any Street in the Metropolis or a City or large Town, consents to the placing of Works by the Company in, upon, over, along, or across that Street, then and in every such Case that Consent shall (unless it is otherwise provided by the Terms thereof), be sufficient Authority for the Company, without any further Consent, except as to any Land or Building belonging to or enjoyed by Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, to place and maintain a Telegraph over, along, or across any Building adjoining to or near the Street, and situate within the Limits of the District over which the Powers of tho consenting Body extend, or over, along, or across any Land, not being laid out as Building Land, or not being a Garden or Pleasure Ground, adjoining to or near the Street and situate within the same Limits, subject nevertheless to the following Provisions: —

(1.) Twenty-one Days at least before the Company proceeds to place a Telegraph by virtue of the Authority so conferred, they shall publish a Notice stating thfey have obtained the Consent of such Body as aforesaid, and describing the intended Course of such Telegraph s (2.) Where the Company by virtue of the Authority so conferred places a Telegraph directly over any Dwelling House, they shall not place it at a less Height above the Roof thereof than Six Feet, if the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier thereof objects to their placing it at a less Height:

(3.) If at any Time the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Building or Land adjoining to a Building, directly over which Building or Land the Company by virtue of

Company not to place Telegraphs above Ground, and Posts, within certain Distance of Dwelling Houses, without Consent of Occupier, & c.

Notices to be published, and left at Dwelling Houses, of intended Telegraph along Street or public Hoad, after Consent of Street or Hoad Authority obtained.

26°; & 27° VICTORIA, c. 112.

the Authority so conferred places a Telegraph, desires to raise the Building to ai

Seater Height, or to extend it over such Land, the Company shall increase the eight or otherwise alter the Position of the Telegraph, so that the same may not interfere with the raising or Extension of the Building, within Fourteen Days after receiving from the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier a Notice of his Intention to raise or extend the Building, or in case of Difference between the Company and the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier as to his Intention, then within Fourteen Days after receiving a Certificate, signed by a Justice of the Peace, certifying that he is satisfied of the Intention of the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier to raise or extend-the Building:

(4.) The Company shall make full Compensation to the Owner, Lessee, and Occupier of any Land or Building over, along, or across which the Company by virtue of the Authority so conferred places a Telegraph, and which may be shown to be in. any respect prejudicially affected thereby, the Amount of such Compensation to' be determined in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts respectively and any Act amending those Acts for the Determination of the Amount of Compensation with respect to Lands injuriously affected:

Provided also, that the Consent of any Person occupying as a Tenant from Year to Year only shall not be required, nor shall any Person so occupying be entitled to such Compensation as aforesaid.

22. Subject and without Prejudice to the foregoing Provisions, the Company shall not place a Telegraph above Ground, or a Post, within Ten Yards of a Dwelling House, or place a Telegraph above Ground, across an Avenue or Approach to a Dwelling Housed except subject and according to the following Restrictions and Provisions: —

(1.) They shall in each such Case obtain the Consent of the Occupier (if any) of such Dwelling House, and if there is no Occupier, then of the Lessee entitled to Possession, and if there is none, then of the Owner:

(2.) The Consent of an Occupier shall be effective only during the Continuance of his Occupation:

(3.) On the Termination of the Occupation of any Occupier the Lessee or Owner entitled to Possession, if he did not consent to the placing of the Telegraph or Post, may give Notice to the Company that he requires it to be removed:

(4.) The Company shall remove the same accordingly within One Month after receiving such Notice:

(5.) If any Question arises between a Lessee or Owner and the Company as to such Removal, or the Time or Mode thereof, the same shall be referred to the Determination in England or Ireland of Two Justices, and in Scotland of Two Justices or the Sheriff, which Justices or Sheriff may give such Directions as to such Removal, and the Time and Mode thereof, as may seem reasonable, and may impose on the Company for not carrying such Directions into effect such Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds a Day as may seem just.

23* Before the Company proceeds to place a Telegraph over, along, or across a Street (not being a Street in the Metropolis or in a City or large Town), or a public Road, or to place Posts in or upon a Street (not being such a Street as aforesaid) or a public Road, they shall publish a Notice stating that they have obtained the Consent in that Behalf of the Body having the Control of the Street or public Road, and describing the intended Course of the Telegraph, —

(1.) By affixing such Notice on some conspicuous Places by the Side of the Part of the Street or Road affected, at Distances of not more than One Mile apart:

(2.) By leaving such Notice at every Dwelling House fronting on the Part of the Street or Road affected, and being within Fifty Feet thereof:

(3.) By inserting such Notice as an Advertisement once at least in each of Two successive Weeks in Some One and the same local Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood of the Part of the Street or Road affected:

And they shall not so place any such Telegraph or Post until the Expiration of Twenty-one Days from the last Publication of such Advertisement.

24. At

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112. 597 '

24. At any Time during such Twenty-one Days the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Land or Building adjoining to either Side of such Street or Road may give to the Company Notice of his Objection to their intended Works as prejudicially affecting such Land or Buildings and send to the Board of Trade a Copy of his Notice of Objection.

25. Until such Objection is settled, or is determined in manner hereinafter provided, the Company shall not execute that Part of their intended Works to which the Objection relates.

x uwcr

Owner or Occupier of adjoining Land or Building to object.

Until Objection settled Works to be stayed.

26* As soon as may be after the Receipt of such Copy of Notice of Objection, the Board Examination of Trade shall (unless the Difference between the Company and the Person objecting is 10

arranged) make Inquiry and Examination, and hear and determine the Matter of the BoSd of Trade. Objection.

27. On hearing any such Objection the Board of Trade —

(1.) may allow the Objection, wholly or in part; or

(2.) may authorize the Company to proceed with their Works, subject to the Provisions of this Act, according to their published Notice, paying to the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier objecting full Compensation (the Amount thereof to be determined, in case of Difference, by the Board of Trade) for any Damage done to him; or (3.) may authorize the Company to so proceed subject to any such Conditions as to the Time or Mode of Execution of any Work, or as to the Removal or Alteration in any event of any Work, or as to any other Thing connected with or relative to any Work, as the Board of Trade thinks fit; or (4.).may authorize the Company to so proceed subject to any such Modification of any intended Work as the iBoard of Trade prescribes; but so that in that Case such . Notice and Opportunity of objecting and being heard as the Board of Trade directs shall be given to any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier whom such Modification may affect.

Powers of Board of Trade respecting the Objection.

28. The Determination of the Board of Trade on the Matter of any such Objection shall Decision of be final and conclusive* Board of Trade

final.

29. The Board of Trade may allow to any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier so objecting such Costs. Costs as seem just, to be paid by the Company.

Removal or Alteration of Works affecting Land or Buildings.

30. Where at any Time before or after the passing of this Act the Company has con- For Building structed any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Land or Building, or any or other Pur-Street or public Road adjoining to or near any Land or Building, and any Owner, Lessee, ^may or Occupier of such Land or Building, or any Lord of a Manor, or other Person having require Re-any Interest in such Land or Building, desires to build upon or inclose such Land, or in of

any Manner to improve or alter such Land or Building, or to use such Land or Building in or s *

some Manner in which it was not actually used at the Time of the Construction of such Work by the Company, and with which the Continuance of such Work would interfere, then and in every such Case the following Provisions shall take effect:

(1.) Such Owner, Lessee, Occupier, Lord of a Manor, or other Person interested may give to the Company a Notice specifying the Nature of such intended Building,

Inclosure, Improvement, Alteration, or other Use of the Land or Building, including Ingress or Egress thereto or therefrom, and requiring the Company to remove or alter their Work so that the same may not interfere therewith: i

(2.) Within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, or in case of Difference between the Company and the Perapn giving the same as to his Intention, then within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Certificate, signed by a Justice of the Peace* certifying that he is satisfied of the Intention of such PeraontOi mfcko such Building, Inclosure, Improvement, Alteration* or other Use of the Land or Building, and that the Continuance of such Work would interfere therewith, the granting of such Certificate being deemed to be a Matter referred to the Beteth [k\ mination of the Justice so certifying, the Company shall iromovo or alter ttbti *

Work

Removal of injurious Works constructed before this Act.

For Works affecting Railways, Canals, &c., Consent of Directors, &c. requisite.

Access from fhture Docks to Canal.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

Work so that the same shall not interfere with such intended Building, Inoloaure, Improvement, Alteration, or other Use of the Land or Building:

(3.) When such Certificate is i*equired by the Company the Costs thereof, when obtained, shall be paid by the Company to the Person giving the Notice:

(4.) Nothing herein shall empower any Person to obtain the Removal or Alteration of any Work contrary to the Terms of any Grant or Consent in Writing made or given by him, or by any Person through whom he takes his Estate or Interest.

3L Where the Company has, before the passing of this Act, constructed any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across a Street or public Road, and the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Land or Building adjoining to or near the Street or public Road considers such Land or Building to be prejudicially affected by such Work, then the following Provisions shall take effect:

(1.) Such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier may give to the Company a Notice requiring them to remove or alter such Work, and specifying the Grounds of such Requisition:

(2.) The Company either shall, within One Month after Receipt of such Notice, remove or alter the Work in accordance with the Notice, or else, if they do not intend to remove or alter the Work in accordance with the Notice, shall, within One Week after Receipt of the Notice, deliver to the Person giving the Notice a Counter-Notice, specifying their Objection to such Removal or Alteration:

(3.) The Person giving the Notice may send Copies of the Notice and Counter-Notice to the Board of Trade:

(4.) As soon as may be after Receipt of such Copies the Board of Trade shall (unless the Difference between the Person giving the Notice and the Company is arranged) make Inquiry and Examination, and hear and determine the Matter of the Notice and Counter-Notice:

(5.) Such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier shall be entitled to obtain a Direction from the Board of Trade for the Removal or Alteration of such Work in every Case where it appears to the Board of Trade that such Land or Building is prejudicially affected by such Work, and that the Removal or Alteration thereof nmy be effected consistently with a clue Regard to the efficient Working of the Company's Telegraphs, such Direction nevertheless to be given on such Terms and Conditions as to the Board of Trade seem, according to the Circumstances of the Case, just and expedient, including, if it seems expedient, the Condition of the Payment by such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Expense incurred by the Company in or about such Removal or Alteration, the Amount thereof to be determined in case of Difference by the Board of Trade:

(6.) Nothing herein shall empower any Person to obtain the Removal or Alteration of any Work contrary to the Terms of any Grant or Consent in Writing made or given by him, or by any Person through whom he takes his Estate or Interest *

Restrictions as to Works affecting Railways and Canals.

32. The Company shall not place any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Railway or Canal, except with the Consent of the Proprietors or Lessees, or of the Directors or Persons having the Control thereof. But this Provision shall not restrict the Company from placing any Work (subject and according to the other Provi3ions of this Act) under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Street or public Road, although such Street or public Road may cross or be crossed by a Railway or Canal, so that such Work do not damage the Railway or Canal, or interfere with the Use, Alteration, or Improvement thereof.

33. If at any Time after the Company has placed any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Canal, any Person having Power to construct Docks, Basins, or other Works upon any Land adjoining to or near such Canal constructs any Dock, Basin, or Work on such Land, but is prevented by the Company's Work from forming a Communication for the convenient Passage of Vessels with or without Masts between such Dock, Basin, or other Work, and such Canal, or if the Business of such Dock, Basin, or other Work is

interfered

599

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

interfered with by reason or in consequence of any such Work of the Company, then the Company* at the Request of such Person, and on having reasonable Facilities afforded them by him for placing a Telegraph round such Dock, Basin, or other Work, under, in, upon, over, along, or across Land belonging to or under his Control, shall remove and place their Work accordingly. If any Dispute arises between the Company and such Person as to the Facilities to be afforded to the Company, or as to the Direction in which the Telegraph is to be placed, it shall be determined by the Board of Trade.

Appointment of Arbitrator by Board of Trade.

34. If in any Case where any Matter is herein-before authorized or directed to be deter- Board of Trade mined by the Board of Trade it appears to the Board of Trade to be expedient, for Conve- " aofnt nience of local Investigation or for any other Reason, that the Matter should be determined Arbitrator, by an Arbitrator, the Board of Trade may, notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, and whether the Board of Trade has entered on the Investigation or not, refer the Matter to some competent and impartial Person as Arbitrator; and with respect to the Matter so referred any such Arbitrator shall have the like Authority and Jurisdiction as the Board of Trade has under this Act, and his Determination shall have the same Effect as a Determination of the Board of Trade under this Act. The reasonable Expenses and Remuneration of the Arbitrator (to be settled in case of Difference by the Board of Trade) shall be paid by the Company.

Restrictions as to Works affecting Seashore,

35. The Company shall not place any Work under, in, upon, over, along, or across any Estuary or Branch of the Sea, or the Shore or Bed of any tidal Water, except with the Consent of all Persons and Bodies having any Right of Property, or other Right, or any Power, Jurisdiction, or Authority in, over, or relating to the same, which may be affected or be liable to be affected by the Exercise of the Powers of the Company (which Consent, where Her Majesty in right of Her Crown is interested, may be given on behalf of Her Majesty by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, ForestB, and Land Revenues, or One of them, in Writing signed by them or him).

36. Before commencing the Construction of any such Work as last aforesaid, or of any Buoy or Sea Mark connected therewith, except in Cases of Emergency for Repairs to any Work previously constructed or laid, and then as speedily after the Commencement of such Work as may be, the Company shall deposit at the Office of the Board of Trade a Plan thereof, for the Approval of the Board of Trade. The Work shall not be constructed otherwise than in accordance with such Approval. If any Work is constructed contrary to this Provision, the Board of Trade may, at the Expense of the Company, abate and remove it, or any Part of it, and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition.

37. Notwithstanding anything in The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or any Act amending the same, contained, the Company may, m or about the Construction, Maintenance, or Repair of any such Work, use on board Ship or elsewhere any Light or Signal allowed by any Regulation to be made%in that Behalf by the Board of Trade.

38. If any such Work, Buoy, or Sea Mark is abandoned, or suffered to fall into Decay, the Board of Trade may, if and as they think fit, at the Expense of the Company, either repair and restore it or any Part of it, or abate and remove it or any Part of it, and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition.

39. The Board of Trade may at any Time, at the Expense of the Company, cause to be made a Survey and Examination of any such Work, Buoy, or Sea Mark, or of the Site thereof.

40. Whenever the Board of Trade, under the Authority of this Act, does, in relation to any such Work, any Act or Thing which they are by this Act authorized to do at the Expense of the Company, the Amount of such Expense shall be a Debt due to the Crown from the Company, and shall be recoverable as such, with Costs, or the same may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Company.

General

For Works on Seashore, Consent of Proprietors of Shore and Conservancy or other Authorities requisite.

Plan of such Works to be subject to Approval of Board of Trade.

Lights and Signals for such Works.

Power of Board of Trade as; tQ such Works if disused, &c.

Local Survey of such Works by Board of Trade.

Recovery of Expenses by ' Board of Trade in such Cases.

Telegraph to

be opea for nil Messages without Preference; subject to Leases.

OotepahT tb be +&Won6iofe fbrr all Dtuhages.

. i

Sale, &c. of, t ]Jadertaki)Qg and Leases of Wires (with Exceptions) prohibited, except with Consent of Board of Trade.

Registered Office of Company for Service of Documents.

Punishment of Officers of Company for Misconduct respecting Messages,

Saving for Effect of future General Acts.

Certain Enactments in Special Acts not affected by this Act

Messages on Her Majesty's

2f>? & 2<" c, 1J2.

General Obligations and Liabilities of Company and their Servants.

41. Every Telegraph of the Company shall be open for the Messages of all Persons aJikp, without Favour or Preference; but this Provision shall not prejudicially affect the Operation of any Lease or Agreement authorized by this Act. / *. y

.42. The Company shall be ipswerable for a}l Accidents, Damages, and injuries hpppeping through the Act or Default of the Company or of any Person in their Employment by reason or in consequence of any of the Company's Works, and shall save harmless ajl Bodies having the Control of Streets or publip Roads, collectively and individually, and the£r Officers and Servants, from all Damages and Costs in respect of such Accidents and Injuries.

43. The Company shall not sell, transfer, or lease their Undertaking or Works, Or any Part thereof, to any other CoiApany or to any Body or Person, except With thb Consent of the Board of Trade previously obtained for such Sale, Transfer, or Lease; bat this Provision shall not, as far as it relates to Leases, apply to the Universal Private Telegraph Company, constituted by the Special Act of 1861 in the Schedule to this Act mentioned, and shall not restrict the granting of any Lease by any Company in pursuance of any Agreement in that Behalf made before the Twelfth Day of February One'thoyifpnd eight hundred and sixty-three, and shall not restrict the making or carrying into effect by any Company of any Arrangement with any Person for providing any Work for his private Use only *

44. The Company, before exercising any Power for the Construction of Works of thb opening or breaking up of Streets or public Roads in any One of the Three Parts of the United Kingdom, shall give to the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies acting for that Part Of the United Kingdom under The Companies Act, 1862, Notice of the Situation of some Office where Notices may be served on the Company within that Part of the United Kingdom; and the Company shall from Time to Time give to such Registrar Notice of any Change in the Situation of such Office: Every such Notice shall be recorded by the Registrar, and the Record thereof may be inspected from Time to Time by any Person: The Delivery at the Office of which Notice is so given of any Notice, Writ, Summons, or other Document addressed to the Company shall, for the Purposes of this Act and all other Purposes, be deemed good Service on the Company: The Company shall, on giving each Notice to the Registrar under the present Section, pay such Fee as is payable under the last-mentioned Act on Registration of any Document by that Act required or authorizfed to be registered, other than a Memorandum of Association; and every Person inspecting the Record of such Notice with the Registrar shall pay such Fee as is for the Time bfaing payable tinder the last-mentioned Act for Inspection of Documents kept by the Registrar under that Act.

45. If any Person in the Employment of the Company —

Wilfully or negligently omits or delays to transmit or deliver any Message;

Or by any wilful or negligent Act or Omission prevents or delays the Transmission or Delivery of any Message;

Or improperly divulges to any Person the Purport of any Message, —

He shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

46. Nothing in this Act, and nothing in any future Special Act, except 60 far as express Provision to the contrary hereof may be thereby made, shall relieve the Company from being subject to any Restrictions, Regulations, or Provisions which may hereafter bo made by Act of Parliament respecting Telegraphs or Telegraph Companies or their Charges.

Saving as to Restrictions on and Duties of existing Companies.

47. Nothing in this Act shall affect any of the Enactments specified in the Schedule to this Act.

Powers of Her Majesty's Government over Company.

48. If One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or the Board of Trade, or other Department of Her Majesty's Government, requires the Company to transmit any

Message

& fr'fi&tiRlM, C. 112.

Message on Her Majesty's Service, such Message shall (notwithstanding anything herein- Service to have before contained) have Priority over all other Messages; and the Company shall aS soon as ^rioritT-reasonably may be transmit the same, and shall, until Transmission thereof, suspend t^e. Transmission of all other Messages.

49>. On the Request of the Board of Trade, the Company shall from Time to Time place and shall maintain such a Telegraph as the Board of Trade appoints, to be for the company to exclusive Use of Her Majesty, and to be applied to such Purposes, whether for the imme- place Teie-diate Service of Her Majesty, or otherwise, as Her Majesty thinks fit. graph.

50. If the Company refuses or neglects to place a Telegraph in accordance with such On Refusal or Request* the Board of Trade may cause such a Telegraph to be placed in connexion with any Neglect of

of the Company's Works, by such Persons and in such Manner as the Board of Trade thinks powertoBoard fit, and for that Purpose shall have and may exercise all the Powers under this Act or of Trade to otherwise vested in the Company; subject, nevertheless, to the Restrictions and Provisions ^.ce 8UC*J under this Act or otherwise applicable to the Company, and without Prejudice to , the Exercise e^rap by the Company of the Powers under this Act or otherwise vested in them *

51. Where the Cortipany places a Telegraph, in pursuance of such Request of the Board Remuneration of Trade, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall pay to the Company, as of Company Remuneration for the same, out of Money to be provided by Parliament for the Purpose,

such Sum, annual or in gross, or both, as may be settled between the Board of Trade and graph, the Company by Agreement, or, in case of Difference, by Arbitration, such Arbitration to be conducted as follows:

(, 1.) The Board of Trade and the Company shall each, within Fourteen Days after the Delivery by one to the other of a Demand in Writing for an Arbitration, nominate an Arbitrator:

(2*J The Two Arbitrators nominated shall, before entering on the Arbitration, nominate an Umpire: -

(3.) If either tarty or Arbitrator makes default in nominating an Arbitrator or Umpire within Fourteen Days after receiving from the other a Demand in Writing for such Nomination, the Lord Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster may, on the Request of tho Board of Trade, or of the Company, by Writing under his Hand, nominate an Arbitrator or Umpire:

(4.) The Arbitrators shall make their Award within Twenty-eight Days after their Nomination, otherwise the Matter shall be left to be determined by the Umpires (5.) The Umpire shall make his Award within Twenty-eight Days after Notice from the Arbitrators or One of them that the Matter is left to be determined by him; or, on default, a new Umpire shall be appointed as nearly as may be in manner aforesaid, who shall make his Award within the like Time, or on default be superseded; and so toties quoties:

The Award of the Arbitrators or Umpire shall be final and conclusive as between the Board of Trade and the Company.

52. Where, in the Opinion of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, an In Emergencies Emergency has arisen in which it is expedient for the Public Service that Her Majesty's ^le^en Government should have Control over the Transmission of Messages by the Company's ^session of Telegraphs, the Secretary of State, by Warrant under his Hand, may direct and cause the for Her^ Company's Works, or any Part thereof, to be taken possession of in the Name and on

behalf of Her Majesty, and to be used for Her Majesty's Service, and, subject thereto, for ce* such ordinary Service as may seem fit; or may direct and authorize such Persons as he thinks fit to assume the Control of the Transmission of Messages by the Company's Telegraphs, either wholly or partly, and in such Manner as he directs. Any such Warrant shall not have effect for a longer Time than One Week from the issuing thereof; but the Secretary of State may issue successive Warrants from Week to Week as long as, in his Opinion, such Emergency continues. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall pay to the Company, as Compensation for any Loss of Profit sustained by the Company by reason of the Exercise by the Secretary of State of any of the Powers of the present Section, out of Money to be provided by Parliament for the Purpose, such Sum as may be 26 & 27 Vict. 4 G settled

(803 26" & 27' VICTORIAE, c. 1 IS.

settled between the Secretary of State and the Company by Agreement, or, in case of Difference, by Arbitration, — such Arbitration to be conducted in manner provided in the last foregoing Section, the Secretary of State being only substituted for the Board of Trade.

Power to pro- Where it appears to the Board of Trade that any Provision of this Act has not

ceed gainst^ complied with on the Part of the Company, and that it would be for the public

to Law^fficew Advantage that Compliance therewith should be enforced, the Board of Trade may certify of Crown on accordingly to Her Majesty's Attorney General for England or for Ireland, or to the Lord BoardTf6 of Advocate for Scotland, as the Case may require; and thereupon the Attorney General or T^dc 0 Lord Advocate may, by such Civil or Criminal Proceeding as the Case may require, enforce Compliance with such Provision, by the Recovery of Penalties, or otherwise according to Law. But no such Certificate shall be made by the Board of Trade until the Expiration of Twenty-one Days after they have given Notice to the Company of their Intention to make the same. This Provision shall be deemed to be cumulative, and to be without Prejudice to any other Remedy or Process against the Company on the Part of Her Majesty or of any Person or Body.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments In Special Acts of existing Companies which are not to he affected by this Act.

Scetion and Chapter of Act. Short Title of Act. Enactments to which Saving extends.

16 & 17 Vict. c. clix. - 1 The British Electric Telegraph Company's Act, 1853. Section Forty three (relating to Works affecting the Thames).

16 & 17 Vict. c. cciii. - The Electric Telegraph Company's Act, 1853. Section Fifty-six (relating to Works affecting the Thames).

24 & 25 Vict. c. lxi. The Universal Private Telegraph Company's Act, 1861. Section Twenty-seven (relating to Works affecting the Mersey Dock Estate).

24 & 25 Vict. c. xcii. - Bonelli'a Electric Telegraph Act, 1861. Sections Twenty-five, Twenty-six, Twenty-seven (relating to Works affecting the Thames), and Thirty-eight and Thiiiw-ninfc (relating to Works affecting the Mersey, and to the Mersey and Invell Navigation).

25 & 26 Vict. c. cxxxi. United Kingdom Electric Telegraph Act, 1862. Sections Fifty-three, Fifty-four, Fifty-five (relating to Works affecting the Thames), Fifty-seven, Fifty-eight (relating to Work* affecting the Mersey, and to the Mersey and Irwell Navigation), Seventy-four (relating to a Sale, Transfer, or Lease), and Seventy-six (relating to Works iu Scotland).

20° & 27" VICTORIA c. 118.

603

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to prohibit the Sale and Use of poisoned Grain or Seed,

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit thd Sale and Use of poisoned Grain or Seed:1 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863."

2. Every Person who shall offer or expose for Sale or sell any Grain, Seed, or Meal which has been so steeped or dipped in Poison, or with which any Poison or any Ingredient or Preparation has been so mixed, as thereby to render the same poisonous, and calculated to destroy Life, shall in either Case for every such Offence, upon summary Conviction, as herein-after provided, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

3. Every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully sow, cast, set, lay, put, or place, or cause to be sown, cast, set, laid, put, or placed, into, in, or upon any Ground or other exposed Place or Situation, any such Grain, Seed, or Meal which has been so steeped or dipped in Poison, or with which Poison or any Ingredient or Preparation has been so mixed as thereby to render such Grain, Seed, or Meal poisonous, and calculated to destroy Life, shall, upon a summary Conviction thereof as herein-after provided, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

4. Nothing in this Act shall prohibit the offering or exposing for Sale or selling or the Use of any Solution or Infusion, or any Material or Ingredient for dressing, protecting, or preparing any Grain or Seed for bona fide Use in Agriculture only, or the sowing of such last-mentioned Grain or Seed so prepared.

5. All Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered in England and Ireland before Two Justices of the Peace, and in Scotland before Two Justices of the Peace or the Sheriff; and for that Purpose in England and Scotland the Provisions of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, and in Ireland the " Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," shall extend and apply to this Act, and to all Proceedings in relation thereto; and it shall not in any such Proceedings be necessary to allege or prove the Ground or other Place where an Offence is committed to be the Property of or occupied by any Person: Provided always, that the convicting Justices or Sheriff may, if they or he shall think fit, award to the Informer or Prosecutor (not being a Police Constable or Peace Officer) in any such Proceedings any Portion not exceeding One Moiety of any Penalty recovered under the aforesaid Enactments: Provided also, that every Informer or Prosecutor, and every Person who shall give Evidence against any other Person proceeded against under this Act, shall be freed and discharged from any such Penalty which he may have incurred for or by reason of his having participated or aided in the Commission of the Offence with respect to which he shall so inform or prosecute or give Evidence, provided the Information against such other Person has been laid, or such Evidence has been given, before the laying of any Information (if any) against such Informer, Prosecutor, or Witness for the Recovery of any Penalty he may have so incurred.

Short Title of Act.

Penalty for selling poisoned Grain, Seed, or Meal.

Penalty for sowing, &c. poisoned Grain, Seed, or Meal.

Solutions or Infhsions, &c. allowed for Use in Agriculture.

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. and 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93. to this Act.

Informer (not a Constable) entitled to Moiety of Penalty. Indemnity to Witnesses, &c.

4 G 2

C04

[Short Title.]

Application of Act.

Prohibition of Bag Nets in certain Place?.

Penalty on new fixed Nets.

Commissioners to inquire as to fixed Nets.

Certificate as to certain fixed Nets.

26" & 27"VICTORIAE, c. 114.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Fisheries in Ireland.

[28th July 186#.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provisions for carrying into effect the ' ' Law relating to the Salmon Fisheries in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by (he Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1863." 2* This Act shall not apply to England or Scotland.

Regulations as to fixed Engines.

3. After the passing of this Act no Bag Net shall be placed or allowed to continue in any River or the Estuary of any River, as such River or Estuary has been defined by the Commissioners of Fisheries or shall be defined by the Commissioners under this Act, or within a Distance of less than Three Statute Miles from the Mouth of any River as defined as aforesaid.

Any Bag Net placed or continued in contravention of this Section shall be deemed to be a common Nuisance, and may be taken possession of or destroyed; and any Bag Net so placed or continued, and any Salmon taken by such Bag Net, shall be forfeited, and^ in addition thereto, the Owner of a Bag Net placed or continued in contravention of this Section shall, for each Day of so placing or allowing the same to be continued, incur a Penalty of not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

But no Person shall incur any Penalty under this Section in respect of any Bag Net if he removes the same within Fourteen Days after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that no Bag Net now legally existing shall be liable to be abated or removed, or be deemed illegal under this Act, by reason of its being within Three Miles of the Mouth of a River in the whole of which, including all tributary Rivers and Lakes upon its Course* > the Proprietor of such Bag Net has the exclusive Right of catching Salmon.

4. No fixed Net that was not legally erected for catching Salmon or Trout during the open Season of One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two shall be placed or used for catching Salmon or Trout in any inland or tidal Waters.

Any Net placed or used in contravention of this Section shall be deemed to be a common Nuisance, and may be taken possession of or destroyed; and any Net so placed or used, and any Salmon taken by such Net, shall be forfeited; and, in addition thereto, the Oivner of a Net placed or used in contravention of this Section shall, for each Day of so placing or using the same, incur a Penalty of not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

5. Subject to such Appeal as is herein-after mentioned, the Special Commissioners appointed under this Act, herein-after referred to as the Commissioners, shall abate and remove all fixed Nets erected or used for catching Salmon or Trout in Ireland that are in their Judgment injurious to Navigation, and shall inquire into the Legality of, and if satisfied of their Illegality remove, all such] other fixed Nets erected or used as aforesaid as are in contravention of any Act of Parliament or Law in force in Ireland.

6. Where any fixed Net, other than a Bag Net prohibited by this Act, is in use at the Time of the passing of this Act, and any Person claims to have erected the same in pursuance of the Act of the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, the Commissioners may, on Proof being given to their Satisfaction that such fixed Net has been erected in pursuance of the said Provisions, certify to that Effect, stating in the Certificate the Situation, Size, and Description of the Net, and the Person who has the Right to erect the same, in pursuance

& 0.114.

Persons unlawfully erecting or keeping up any Fishing Weir upon a River after Notice to forfeit 50/., with Costs of Suit.

of such last-mentioned Provisions. A Certificate given in pursuance of this Notice shall be deemed to be an Order of the Commissioners, and to be subject to Appeal as such. If unappealed from, or as confirmed or amended on Appeal, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence that the Person therein named is the Person specified in the said Act as entitled to exercise the Right therein given, but it shall not render any Net legal that would be otherwise illegal by reason of its being injurious to Navigation, a common Nuisance to the public Right of fishing, or otherwise in violation of Common Law or any Act of Parliament.

7. Subject to such Appeal as is herein-after mentioned, the Commissioners shall inquire CommissionerA into the Legality of all Fishing Weirs throughout Ireland, and shall remove such as are in ^ghi^1Weire! contravention of any Act of Parliament or Law in force in Ireland, with this Qualification, that where a Fishing Weir is illegal only by reason of its not having a Free Gap, as

required by Law, this Section shall not empower the Commissioners to remove such Fishing Weil *, if an Undertaking be entered into to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, by the Owner or other Person interested in such Weir, to make a legal Free Gap therein within a Time to be prescribed by the Commissioners, and a Free Gap is made accordingly.

8. If any Person has unlawfully erected or kept up, or shall unlawfully erect or keep up, any Fishing Weir upon any River, and a Notice shall be served in Writing upon the Proprietor or Occupier of such Weir, or his known Agept, by the Owner or Occupier of any Grounds on the Banks of such River on which such Weir has been or shall be erected, requiring him to prostrate or open the same within the Space of Thirty Days from the Service of such Notice, if such Proprietor or Occupier of such Weir shall not within that Time abate or prostrate the same, he shall forfeit a Sum of Fifty Pounds, together With Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, one Moiety thereof to be to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other to the Use of the Conservators of the District in which such Weir has been or shall be unlawfully erected or kept up; and the said Court shall adjudge such Weir to be abated at the Expense of the Defendant in such Action: Provided always, that nothing in this Section contained shall restrict the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners.

9. In every Fishing Weir there shall be a Free Gup or Opening in accordance with the As to Construe-

Regulations following, under the Powers of this Act; (that is to say,) ^on of Free

(1.) The Free Gap shall be situate in the deepest Part of the Stream: aps '

(2.) The Sides of the Gap shall be in a Line with and parallel to the Direction of the Stream at the Weir:

(3.) The Bottom of the Gap shall be level with the natural Bed of the Stream above and below the Gap:

(4.) The Width of the Gap in its narrowest Part shall be not less than One Tenth Part of the Width of the Stream: Provided always, that such Gap shall not be required to be wider than Fifty Feet, and shall not in any Case be narrower than Three Feet; and provided also, that no existing Gap in any Weir shall be reduced in Width, or a Gap of less Width substituted in lieu thereof, or any Alteration made therein so as to reduce the Flow of Water through such Gap:

Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to any Compensation by reason of the enforcing of any Free Gap in any Weir, anything to the contrary in any Act notwithstanding.

10. The following Rules shall be observed in relation to the Construction of Boxes and As to Construe-

Cribs in Fishing Weirs and Fishing Milldams; (that is to say,) tio" Boxes

(1.) The upper Surface of the Sill shall be level with the Bed of the River: Fishing Weirs

(2.) The Bars or Insealea of the HeCk or upstream Side of the Box or Crib shall not b>e an* Fishing nearer each other than Two Inches, and shall be capable of being removed* and shall be placed perpendicularly: The Boxes, Cribs, or Cruivee shall not be built over, or in any other Manner hidden from public Inspection: '

And the Owner of any Fishing Weir or Fishing Milldam that has attached thereto any Box or Crib in contravention of this Act shall bring the same into conforhiity with this Act within Six Months after the Commencement of this Act; and he shall incur a Penalty

not

m

Extension of Weekly Close Time 'when inexpedient to make a Free Gap.

Rules for enforcing Free Gaps in Fishing Weirs.

Proceedings for Abatement of illegal Nets and Weirs.

Appeal from Decision of Special Commissioners.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

not less that Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every Day after the Expiration of such Period of Six Months during which he fails to comply with the Provisions of this Section; and any Owner failing so to maintain the same shall incur a Penalty not less than One Pound and not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which such Failure continues.

11. In any Case where the Breadth of the River where any Chartered or Patent Fishing Weir now exists shall not exceed Forty Feet, and it might be inexpedient to require a Free Gap to be made therein, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, instead thereof, direct by their Order the Extension of the Weekly Close Time for a Period of Twenty -four Hours.

12. The following Rules shall be observed for the Purpose of enforcing efficient Free Gaps in Fishing Weirs; (that is to say,)

(1.) Where a Weir is without a legal Free Gap at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, the Owner of such Weir shall within Twelve Months after the Commencement of this Act make such a Gap, and if he does not he shall incur a Penalty not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds for every Day after the Expiration of such Period of Twelve Months during which he does not make such Gap:

(2.) Where a Free Gap has been made in a Weir, but the same is not maintained in accordance with this Act, the Owner of such Weir shall incur a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds a Day for each Day he is in default:

(3.) No Alteration shall be made in the Bed of any River in such Manner as to reduce the Flow of Water through a Free Gap: If it is, the Person making the same shall incur a Penalty not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and a further Penalty of One Pound a Day until he restores the Bed of the River to its original State:

(4.) No Person shall place any Obstruction, use any Contrivance, or do any Act whereby Fish may be scared, deterred, or in any way prevented from freely entering and passing up and down a Free Gap at all Periods of the Year, or shall use any Nets or other Engines within Fifty Yards above or below any Free Gap; and any Person placing any Obstruction, using any Contrivance, Net, or Engine, or doing any Act in contravention of the Regulation lastly herein-before contained, shall incur a Penalty not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for the First Offence, and not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each subsequent Offence.

13. Before removing any illegal fixed Net or illegal Fishing Weir, the Commissioners shall take the same Proceedings as to summoning the Parties interested in such Net or Weir, and as to hearing such Parties, and any Evidence they may produce, as the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries Acts are thereby required to take where any Parties complain of the erecting, maintaining, or using any fixed Engine; and a Summons issued by the Commissioners shall, in respect of the Proceedings to be taken by the Commissioners, be deemed to be equivalent to a Complaint made under the said Section.

14. If any Person feels aggrieved with any Decision of the Commissioners (and for the Purposes of an Appeal a Dismissal of a Complaint shall be deemed to be a Decision), the Person aggrieved may appeal as follows, and not in manner provided by the Salmon Fisheries Acts; that is to say,

1. The Appeal shall be to the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

2. The Appeal shall be by Special Case stating the Facts and the Grounds for the

Decision.

3. The Special Case shall be settled by the Commissioners upon the Application of the

Appellant to be made in Writing within Seven Days after the Delivery of the Decision, and not afterwards.

4. The Application for a Case shall not be entertained by the Commissioners unless the

Appellant at the Time of making the same enter into a Recognizance before the said Commissioners or a Justice of the Peace, with or without Sureties, and in such

Sum

607

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Sum as the Commissioners or the Justice think fit, conditioned to prosecute without Delay the Appeal, and to submit to the Judgment of the Court of Queen's Bench, and to pay such Costs as may be awarded.

6. The Special Case shall be signed by the Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the Appellant by the Commissioners on Payment by him of such Fees as are hereinafter mentioned.

6. On the Receipt of the Special Case the Appellant shall within Three Days serve a

Copy on the other Party to the Proceedings, and transmit by Post or otherwise the original Case to the proper Officer of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland.

7. The Fees to be charged in respect of the Preparation of the Special Case shall be the same Fees as are chargeable for the Preparation of a Special Case by the Act passed in the Session of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to improve the Administration of the Law, so far as respects summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and herein-after referred to as " The Summary Jurisdiction Act."

8. The Commissioners may refuse to state a Case when they are of opinion that the

Application is frivolous, but if they so refuse they shall, on the Request of the Appellant, give him a Certificate stating the Ground of their Refusal.

9. When a Party gives in good Faith Notice of an Appeal under this Section, but omits

through Mistake to do some Act necessary to perfect the Appeal, the Appellate Court may permit an Amendment on such Terms as it thinks just.

10. After the Decision of the Court of Queen's Bench has been given on a Case stated as

aforesaid, the Commissioners shall have the same Powers to enforce that Decision, when affirmed or amended, as they would have had to have enforced their original Decision if it had not been appealed from.

11. Save as herein-before varied, the Provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Act as to

the Powers of the Superior Court, as to directing a Special Case to be stated, as to the enforcing of Recognizances, and as to all other Matters, shall apply to an Appeal under this Section in the same Manner as if the Words "Justice or Justices " in the said Summary Jurisdiction Act included " the Special Commissioners appointed under this Act."

12. Any Act required by this Section to be done by the Commissioners may be done by

Two of them, of whom the Barrister herein-after mentioned shall be One.

13. The Decision of the Court of Queen's Bench in respect of any Case brought before

them under this Section shall, unless the Court otherwise directs, be final.

15. All Powers, Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions vested in or exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works and the Inspecting Commissioners of Fisheries, or any of them, by any Act relating to Salmon Fisheries, with the Exception of the Powers relating to Oysters and White Sea Fish, shall be transferred to and vest in the Commissioners appointed under this Act during their Continuance in Office, and may be exercised by them.

Miscellaneous.

16. Notwithstanding anything contained in the said Salmon Fisheries Acts, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, although lawfully possessed of a Several Fishery for Twenty Years next before the passing of the Act of the Session of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, to use any Box, Cribb, Cruive, Net, Instrument, or Device for taking Fish (save and except Rods and Lines only) at or within Fifty Yards, either above or below a Milldam, unless there is attached to such Milldam a Fish-pass of such Form and Dimensions as may be approved of by the Commissioners, nor unless such Fish-pass has constantly running through it such a Flow of Water as will enable Salmon to pass up and down it; any Person offending against this Clause shall for each Offence incur a Penalty of not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, recoverable by any One who will sue for the same.

17. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Salmon Fisheries Acts, or any Definition of the Commissioners acting in pursuance of those Acts, the Commissioners under this Act shall

Transfer of Powers to new Commissioners.

Fishing with Nets near Milldam.

Power to define Estuaries and Mouths of Rivers.

608 26° & 27° VICTORI. 114.

shall mark out, by Reference to Maps or otherwise, what are to be the Boundaries of Mouths of Rivers and Estuaries, and the Boundaries between the Tidal and Fresh Water Portions of every River, for the Purposes of this Act and the said Salmon Fisheries Aetri, with Power where several Streams flow into a common Mouth or Estuary to declare that the Outlets of such Streams form separate Mouths or Estuaries. The Commissioner^ may also define the Point or Points of Mouths of Rivers or Estuaries from which Distances are to be measured under this Act and the Salmon Fisheries Acts.

Forfeiture of Boat in illegal Fishing.

Declaration as to Meaning of certain Terms/

Weekly Close Season.

18. If it be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justices that any Boat, Cot, or Curragh found on or near Waters frequented by Salmon or Trout has been used for the Capture of Salmon or T^out during any Part of the Annual or Weekly Close Time, the Person or Persons who shrill be proved to haye used such Boat, Cot, or Curragh for the Capture of Salmon or Trout daring the Annual or Weekly Close Time shall for the First Offence bo subject to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and for the Second or any subsequent Offence, in addition to the foregoing Penalty, the Boat, Cot, or Curragh so used may be seized and forfeited; but this Section, so far as relates to the Forfeiture of the Boat, Cot, or Curragh, shall not oome into operation where a Boat is used by some Person other thah the Owner thereof, and the Owner proves to the Satisfaction of the Justices that it was s6 used without his Knowledge or Consent.

19. It is hereby declared, That for the Purposes of the said Salmon Fisheries Acts and of this Act " Jenkiu" and " Gravelling" are deemed to be " Salmon," and " Spring TSlk" mean " ordinary Spring Tjdes/' !l(, i 1

, 20w There shall be repealed so much of the said Salmon Fisheries Acts as provides that it shall not be lawful to take or kill any Salmon or Trout between Six of the Clock onJ Saturday Evening and Six of the Clock on Monday Morning, or between the Low Waters next in point of Time to those Periods respectively, and the said Acts shall be construed as if it had been enacted therein that no Salmon or Trout shall be fished for or taken in any way, except by Single Rod and Line, between Six of the Clock on Saturday Corning and Six of the Clock on the succeeding Monday Morning; and all Penalties imposed by the said Salmon Fisheries Acts, and the Provisions made for enforcing the Prohibition contained in the said Acts, and providing for the free Passage of Salmon and Trout during tfoe Times therein in that Behalf mentioned, shall apply accordingly, with this Addition^ that any Net or other Instrument, or the Inscales or Gates and Rails of any Cribb, ^o ^, or Cruive used between the Times aforesaid shall be forfeited, and also that when any Salmpu. or Trout is taken at any Fishing Weir during the Weekly Close Season in contravention, of this Act and the said Salmon Fisheries Acts, or when any Box, Crib, or Cruive is during the Weekly Close Season left unopened or otherwise left not in ednfornaity with the fciid Acts, the Penalty in that Behalf imposed by the said Acts shall be payable in respect of each B6x, Crib, or Cruive in the Weir in which any Fish is so illegally taken, or which is left as aforesaid unopened or not in conformity with the said Acts.

Alteration of 21. There shall be repealed so much of the Thirty-third Section of the Act of the Ses* Annual Close sion of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One

?me' hundred and six, as provides that the Annual Close Season, or Period during which ti Snail

not be lawful to take Salmon, shall not comprise fewer than One hundred and twenty-four Days in each Year; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, That such Annual Close Season or Period during which it shall not be lawful to take Salmon shall not comprise fewer than, One hundred and sixty-eight Days in each Year; and until an Alteration is made by the Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers given to them by the Salmon Fisheries Acts and this Act, there shall be added at the End of the Close Time now established for each Fishery such Number of Days, if any, as may be required to make the Number of Close Days constituting the Annual Close Time in that Fishery amount to One hundred and sixty-eight Days.

Exception of 22. Nothing in this Act contained shall apply to any Person who shall catch or attempt TVoirt caught to ^ch, or shall have in his Possession, any Salmon or Trout for the Purposes of artificial or kept for Propagation or other scientific Purposes; and nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice

certain Pur- the legal Right of any Owner to take Materials from any Stream,

poses' ' , 2a Nothing

W& 27° VICTORIAE, c. 114. 8<$

23. Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect angling with single Rod and Line, Season for the Close Season for which shall be from the First Day of November in each Year to the.

First Day of February in the Year following.

24. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to use As to Use of any Net, except a Landing Net, for the Capture of Salmon or Trout in the Fresh-water

Portion of any River, as defined by the Commissioners under this Act, between the Hours Hours in of Eight o'Clock in the Evening and Six o'Clock in the Morning, except so far as the Rivers, same may have heretofore been used within the Limits of a Several Fishery next above the tidal Flow, and held under Grant or Charter, or by immemorial Usage; and every Person offending against the Provisions of this Section shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and to the Forfeiture of all Boats, Nets, and Gear used in such illegal Fishing.

25. No Person shall in any Manner whatever scare, impede, or obstruct the free Passage As to scaring

of Salmon or Trout during the Weekly Close Season; and any Person acting in contra- ^eofr^u^_g vention of this Section shall forfeit any Fish taken by him, and any Net or Instrument sage of Salmon used by him, and in addition thereto shall incur a Penalty not less than Two Pounds and £?ring

hot exceeding Ten Pounds; but this Section shall not apply to any Person who takes Fish C ose

legally by the single Rod and Line during the Weekly Close Season.

26. «The Salmon Fisheries Acts shall be construed as if in the1 Schedule annexed to the Additional Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-two, so far aa relates to fixed Engines, there had been inserted instead of the Duties gines. therein mentioned the Duties following; (that ifrto say,)

Bagmets - - 10

Stake Nets, Fly Nets, or Stake Weirs (Scotch) - - 30

Head Weirs - - 6

JFor every Box, Crib, Cruive, or Drum Net in any Weir for taking Salmon or Trout - - -10

and the Boards of Conservator* shall not have Authority to reduce or diminish the same, anything in the said Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

27. Magistrates paying Licence Duty, and being Owners of Land abutting on Rivers Ma$istrates

or Lakes in any District, may act and vote as ex officio Members of any Board of Con- {^y^gGfficio eervators elected for any such District. Members of

Board.

28. On the First Monday in the Month of October in the Year One thousand eight New Elections hundred and sixty-four all existing Boards of Conservators shall cease, and new Boards of Conservators, shall be elected.

29. No Person shall be eligible for the Office of Conservator in any Electoral Division Residence or

in which he does not reside or possess Real Property. Qualification of

4 4 Conservators.

30. Where a Turbine or similar Hydraulic Machine, which may be injurious to Salmon As to Use of or the Young of Salmon in their Descent to the Sea, is supplied from a River frequented Hydraulic by Salmon, the Person owning or using snoh Machine shall, during the Time in which such Machmc& Descent to the Sea takes place, provide Grating or other efficient Means to prevent such

Salmon or Young of Salmon from passing into such Machine, and in case such Means be not provided such Person shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and also a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Day during which such Injury to the Fry continues.

31. All Salmon Passes and Fish Ladders shall be at all Times open to the Inspection of Salmon Passes the Commissioners and the Conservators of the District, and of any Person duly authorized and Fish

by them or any of them.

tion.

Appointment and Powers of Commissioners.

38. Her Majesty may by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual appoint any Number Appointment of Persons not exceeding Three, of whom One shall be to Officer in the Naval Service of °.f Commis-

26 & 27 VICT.

4 H

Her

sioners under Sign Manual.

Commissioners to have a Common Seal.

Commissioners not to sit in Parliament

Acts of the Commissioners.

The Treasury to fix Salaries, &c. and appoint additional Officers.

Duration of Office of Commissioners.

Powers of Commissioners.

Penalty for false swearing.

Proceedings before Commissioners not to be restrained by injunction, &c.

Proceedings not to abate by Death, &c.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Her Majesty, and another a Barrister of not less than Seven Years standing at the Bar, to be Commissioners under this Act during Her Majesty's Pleasure, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of any Commissioner by Death, Resignation, or Incapacity to act may appoint some other fit Person to fill the Vacancy: Provided always, that in the Case of a Vacancy by the Death, Resignation, or Incapacity of any Commissioner being such Officer or Barrister, the Person so to be appointed shall be of the same Profession as the Officer or Barrister in whose Place he shall be appointed.

33. The Commissioners appointed under this Act shall be styled " The Special Commissioners for Irish Fisheriesthey shall cause to be made for their Commission such Seal or Seals as they may require; and any Summons, Order, Warrant, or other Instrument, or Copy thereof, purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners, and to be signed as herein-after mentioned, shall be received in Evidence without any further Proof.

34. No Commissioner shall during his Continuance in Office be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

35; All Warrants for the Removal of any illegal Net or illegal Weir shall be signed by Two at least of the Commissioners, and all Cases relating to the Removal of such JSets or Weirs shall be heard by all the Commissioners, but the Opinions of Two of them shall, in case of Difference, decide any Question; any other Acts authorized to be done by the Commissioners may be done by any One of them, and any Summons under the Seal of the Commissioners, and signed by any Person delegated by them, shall be deemed to be sufficiently executed.

36. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time fix such Salaries as they may think fit for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and also appoint such additional Officers, Clerks, and Servants, at such Salaries as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may think proper and necessary, and from Time to Time dismiss such Officers, Clerks, and Servants, and appoint others in their Place.

37. The Offices of the said Commissioners, and all Powere, Rights, and Privileges pertaining thereto, shall continue in force for Two Years only, and from thenceforth until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

38. The Commissioners may examine any Witnesses on Oath; and with respect to the

following Matters, that is to say,

(1.) Enforcing the Attendance of Witnesses, and the Production of Deeds, Books, Papers, and Documents;

(2.) Hie enforcing any Order whatever made by them under any of the Powers or Authorities of this Act or the Salmon Fisheries Acts, shall, in addition to any other Powers conferred on them by this Act, have all such Powers, Rights, and Privileges as the Judges of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland have for such or the like Purposes.

39. Every Person who upon Examination before the Commissioners, or any One of them, wilfully gives false Evidence, and every Person who wilfully swears, affirms, or declares falsely in any Affidavit relating to any Matter within the Cognizance of the Commissioners, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury.

40. The Commissioners shall not be subject to be restrained in the Execution of thfeir Fotvers inkier this Act, nor shall any Person be restrained from making an Application under this Act to the Commissioners, by Order of any Court of Justice or by any other legal Process, nor shall the Commissioners be required by Writ of Mandamus or Writ of a like Nature to do any Act or take any Proceeding under this Act, nor shall Proceedings before them be removable by Certiorari or other Writ of a like Nature.

41. Proceedings before the Commissioners shall not abate or be suspended by any Death or Transmission or Change of Interest; but in any such Case of Death or Transmission or Change of Interest it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, when they see fit, to require Notices to be given to Persons becoming interested, or to make any Orders for continuing,

suspending.

611

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 114, 115.

suspending, or carrying on the Proceedings, or otherwise in relation thereto* which to the Commissioners appears just.

42. On the Determination of the Office of the Special Commissioners, all Powers and Duties transferred to, vested in, or imposed on them by this Act shall be transferred to and vested in Two permanent Inspectors of Fisheries, to be appointed by and to be subject to the Control of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

Penalties, Saving Clause, Sfc.

43. It shall be lawful for the Court before which any Indictment or Information for any Offence against this Act, or for any Nuisance in Tidal or Inland Waters, shall have been preferred, heard, or tried and determined, to order that the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incident to such Indictment or Information, and the Proceedings therein, and the preferring, Hearing, or Trial and Determination thereof, shall follow the Event of the same respectively, and be borne and paid by the Party against whom the same shall have been determined, and that such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall be estimated either as between Party and Party or as between Attorney and Client, at the Discretion of such Court.

44. This Act, so far as is consistent with the Tenor thereof, shall be construed with the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries in Ireland, and herein referred to as " The Salmon Fisheries Acts," and the Definitions of Words and Expressions now in force in the said Salmon Fisheries Acts shall apply to the same Words and Expressions when used in this Act, but so as to include "a Head Weir" under the Expression "fixed Net," and that " Fishing Milldam" shall mean a Dam used or intended to be used partly for the Purpose of Catching or facilitating the catching of Fish, and partly for the Purpose of supplying Water for milling or other Purposes.

48. All Penalties imposed by this Act shall be recovered and applied in manner in which Penalties under the said Salmon Fisheries Acts are recoverable and applicable.

46* Nothing in this Act contained shall render legal or be deemed to recognize as legal, or to confer, any Title on any Person in respect of any fixed Net or Fishing Weir that is in contravention of any Act of Parliament or of the Common Law in force in Ireland,

47. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall prevent any Person having any fixed Engine now in use, and in respect of which Licence Duty has been paid, from being allowed to continue to use the same during the Remainder of the present

Season.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to explain the Act for the Amendment of the Law relative to gratuitous Trustees in Scotland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law in Scotland f relative to the Resignation, Powers, and Liabilities of gratuitous Trustees; And whereas f Doubts have arisen as to the Trusts to which the recited Act applies Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

4 H 2 X The

Provision on Determination of Office of Special Commissioners.

Courts may award Costs.

Construction of Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

Saving Clause.

As to fixed Engines now in use *

24 & 25 Vict. c. 84.

Recited Act to apply to TruBts, at whatever Time constituted.

Acts to extend to gratuitous Trustees ex officio.

[Short Title.]

Commencement of Act *

Interpretation of Terms.

Appointment of Agent.

Agent to be appointed passing of Act.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 115, 116.

X. The recited Act is and shall be applicable to all Trusts constituted by virtue of any Deed or Local Act of Parliament under which gratuitous Trustees are nominated, at whatever Time such Trusts may have been or may be constituted.

2. The Expression " gratuitous Trustees " in the recited Act and this Act shall extend to and include gratuitous Trustees who are appointed or who hold ex officio.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to provide for the Appointment of Navy Prize Agents, and respecting their Duties and Remuneration.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is desirable that Provisions should be made for the Appointment of c Navy Prize Agents, and respecting their Duties and Remuneration: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Navy Prize Agents Act, 1863/ '

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

3. In the Construction of this Act, unless the contrary is expressed or is to be inferred from the Context,

" Her Majesty" shall include Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors:

" Lords of the Admiralty" shall mean and include the Lord High Admiral, and also the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being:

"Court of Admiralty" shall mean and include the High Court of Admiralty of England, and any Admiralty, Vice Admiralty, or other Court within Her Majesty's Dominions which shall be duly authorized to take cognizance of and judicially to probeCd in Matters of Prize:

" Government Accountant" shall mean and include any Officer in charge of Public Money, whether belonging to the Commissariat, Customs, or any other Department,

: who may have been or may be appointed by the Lords of tlm Treasury or Admiralty,

or by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War" shall mean and include all Ships and Vessels belonging to Her Majesty:

"Officers and Grew" shall mean apd include all Flag and other Officers, Engineers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others on board any of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War:

"Captain or Commanding Officer" shall mean the Captain or other Officer for the Time being in command of any of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War.

4* Each of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War shall at all Times after the Com-: > mencement of this Act have an Agent, to be appointed as herein-after provided, who shall, at all Timet have an Office or Place of Business within Five Miles of the General Post, Office^ London, and who shall represent and act for such Ship or Vessel and the Officer^ and Crew thereof as herein-after mentioned* f

5* The several Agents for Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War which shall bO in Commission at the Time this Act shall come into operation shall be appointed forthwith after that Date, and the Argents for all Ships and Vessels of War of Her Majesty wjiuch, shall hereafter be placed in Commission shall be appointed as soon as conveniently may be, after the same shall respectively be so plaoed in Commission.

6* Whenever

26° &: 27? VICTORI ^, c., J If).

6* Whenever a Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Agent to any such Ship or Vessel of War by reason of Death or Retirement of the Agent, or from, any other Cause, such. Vacancy shall forthwith be filled up by the Appointment of some other Person os Agent to such Ship or Vessel.

7. The Agent for each Ship or Vessel of War shall be nominated and appointed by the Captain or Commanding Officer thereof, and every such Appointment shall be made by a Power of Attorney, duly stamped, executed by such Captain or Commanding Officer under his Hand and Seal, and attested by One Witness.at the least,

8. The Captain or Commanding Officer of any Ship or Vessel of War may at any Time remove the Agent for the Time being of such Ship or Vessel from his Office, and may appoint some other Person as Agent in his Stead, and such Revocation and new Appointment shall in like Manner be made by Deed under Seal, duly stamped, executed, apa attested as aforesaid: Provided always, that until the Power of Attorney or Deed appointing such new Agent shall have been registered in the High Court of Admiralty in England, as herein-after mentioned, and also until Notice of such new Appointment shall have been given to the Accountant General of the Navy, as herein-after provided, - the former Agent shall not be deemed to have been removed from his Office and may and shall continue to act as Agept for such Ship or Vessel.

9. The duly appointed Agent of any Ship or Vessel of War shall continue to be and act as such, notwithstanding any Change of the Captain or Commanding Officer of such Ship or Vessel, unless such new Captain or Commanding Officer shall remove him from his Office as Agent and appoint another in his Stead under the Provisions herein-before contained.

J10. No Person holding any Office, Appointment, or Employment in toy of Her Majesty's Services, or under the Crown, shall be appointed or be capable of acting as Agent to any Ship or Vessel of War as aforesaid, and ir any Person being at the Time Agent to any subh Ship or Vessel shall accept any such Office, Appointment, or Employment in any of Her Majesty's Services, or under the Crown, his Office as Agent shall immediately and ipso facto become vacant.

11. Every Agent shall, before acting in any respect under the Provision^ of this Act* exhibit the Power of Attorney by which he shall have been appointed, and cause the same to be registered in the High Court of Admiralty, and shall also give* Notice of his Appointment to the Accountant General of the Navy.

12. Such Agent shall, by himself'or by a proper Sub-Agent appointed land reimmefated

by him, take all Steps and Proceedings that may be necessary or proper tb bo )taken on behalf apd in the Name of such Ship or Vessel of War and the Officers tod CrCw thereof for or towards procuring the Condemnation of any Prize and the Realization of the Proceeds thereof, and for prosecuting and enforcing the Claims of such Ship or Vessel to such Prize or the Proceeds thereof, or to any Bounty or other Monies: Provided that nothing herein shall deprive any Captain or Commanding Officer of the Right Of faking toch Proceedings in cas, e of the Absence or Default of any such Agent or Sub-Agent.

13. When the Proceeds of toy Ships or Good? upon any Sale, or any Bounty or

other Monies, shall have been paid in to the Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster Getleral, Or into the Hands of some' Goveimmehtf Accountant, the ] Court of Admiralty which puty have condemned such Prize, or awarded such Bounty or 'other Monies, shall direct the Payment thcreddt oP all Costs, Charges, and Expenses Sihioh may be: clatjge-i able hj^inst the safrie, dr tvliich may have been incurred by the Captors or by the' Agent under this Act, after such Costs, Charges, and Expenses Shall1 have been taxed for allowed by the of .^uqh Court, or his Dejp^y., , , / rt\\, / , : -

"ML Such Cdst^j Charges, and Expenses Shall1 indildte the"reasonable and proper Charges' and Expenses of and incident to any^ sbeh SalC"a^ aforesiidy but fehatt! not! include any Charge or Allowance whatsoever in1 respect' of toy Services of the Agent of the Ship oi* Vessel entitled to such Prize or Bounty ot other Monies, add such Agbab shall be remu

J nerated

6.13

As to filling up Vacancy of Agent.

Agent to be nominated by Captain.

Power to remove Agent.

Agent to act until Power revoked.

No Person holding Office under the Crown to act as Agent.

Agent before acting to register Power of Appointment in Court of Admiralty. Agent to take all Proceedings.

Expenses to be paid out of Proceeds of Sale. 11

n* ' ..

As to Cbstsr anil Charge* "i of Sale.

614 26° & 27*? VICTORIA c. 116.

nerated for all Labour and Services in connexion with any such Claim solely by the Percentage or Allowance herein-after provided for.

Allowance to 15. Upon the total Balance of the net Proceeds of any such Prize or of any Bounty A?Cent or other ^on*es remaining after Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses as arc

per n by Law payable thereout, an Allowance or Percentage of Two Pounds Ten Shillings

per Centum of the Amount of such Balance shall be payable to the Agent of the Ship or Vessel of War entitled to such Prize or Bounty or other Monies as and by way of Remuneration for his Service as such Agent, and such Allowance or Percentage shall be paid to him accordingly immediately after the Time for appealing shall have expired; and where more than One of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War shall be entitled to participate in such Proceeds or Bounty or other Monies, then the total Amount of the Allowance or Percentage at the Rate aforesaid shall be divided among the several Agents of such Ships and Vessels in the same Proportions as the Ships and Vessels which they respectively represent are entitled to participate in such Proceeds or other Monies, and shall be paid to them respectively accordingly.

Admiralty to 16. After Payment to the Agent or Agents of such Allowance or Percentage, the *08^ue suck Proceeds or Bounty or other Monies shall, as soon as may be, be distributed y by the Lords of the Admiralty to and among the Persons entitled thereto according to theii respective Rights and Interests, after the same shall be duly notified in the London Gazette.

17. Whenever the Proceeds of any Prize or the Amount of any Bounty or other Monies have been paid into the Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General or into the Hands of some Government Accountant as aforesaid, but the same are not immediately distributable, either because an Appeal is pending in respect thereof, or because such Distribution is not to be made until after the Time for appealing has expired, the Court of Admiralty by which such Prize was condemned or such Bounty or other Monies decreed or awarded (as the Case may be) may, on the conjoint Application of the Claimant or his Agent, with the Agent for the Ship or Vessel of War claiming to be entitled thereto, until the Time of Appeal has expired, or after the Expiration of such Time without Appeal, or after final Condemnation, on the Application of the Agent of the Ship or Vessel of War claiming to be entitled thereto, direct such Proceeds or other Amount as aforesaid or any Part thereof to be invested in the Public Funds or Stocks of Great Britain and Ireland, or upon such other Securities and in such other Manner as such Court may from Time to Time direct, until such Time as the same shall become payable to the Claimant or distributable, and any Interest accruing thereon shall from Time to Time be added to the Principal Monies and shall form Part of the Amount to be afterwards paid or distributed.

Officers noten- 18. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed or construed to entitle the Officers or Crew untiigr^6 bf any fehtp of War to any Prize which shall not have been granted to them by Her

by Authority: Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or by the Authority of Parliament; and all the Powers

Powers given herein-before given to the Agent of any Ship or Vessel of War, to take any Steps or to Agents as to Proceedings for or towards the Condemnation of any Prize, and the Realization of

of Prizes to be I>rocee(ls thereof, or for prosecuting and enforcing the Claims of Such Ship or Vessel subject to to such Prize, or the Proceeds thereof, or for making or conducting the Sales of any

Cwtrol of Ships or Goode claimed as Prize after Condemnation thereof, pending any Appeal, or

&er Majesty, before the Expiration of the Time allowed for appealing against s\ich Condemnation, shall be subject to such and the same Control and Authority of Her Majesty and Her Successors* in all respects as has been heretofore possessed or exercised by Her Majesty or any of Her Royal Predecessors in Cases of Prize depending in the High Court of Admiralty.

Act not to ex- 19. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Seizure mnde^Offi68 ^ips, Vessels, Goods, or Merchandise made by any Officer or Officers of Customs or cereofCustom*. of Inland Revenue or Excise, for any Breach of the Laws or Regulations relating to the Customs, Inland Revenue, or Excise, or to Trade and Navigation.

As to Investment of Prize Money when any Delay in Distribution.

613

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 117.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to amend the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, with respect to the Seizure of diseased and unwholesome Meat.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS the Provisions of "The Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, "

* " with regard to the Inspection and Seizure of diseased and unwholesome Meat, are defective; and it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed, and that other

and more effectual Provisions in that Behalf should be substituted therefor:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, the Twenty-sixth Section of the said Act is repealed.

2. The Medical Officer of Health or Inspector of Nuisances may at all reasonable Times inspect and examine any Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, Fish, Fruit, Vegetables, Com, Bread, or Flour exposed for Sale, or deposited in any Place for the Purpose of Sale or of Preparation for Sale, and intended for the Food of Man, the Proof that the same was not exposed or deposited for such Purpose or Purposes, or Was not intended for the Food of Man, resting with the Party charged; and in case any such Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, Fish> Fruit, Vegetables, Corn, Bread, or Flour appear to him to be diseased, or unsound, or unwholesome, or unfit for the Food of Man, it shall be lawful for such Medical Officer of Health or Inspector of Nuisances to seize, take, and carry away the same, or direct the same to be seized, taken, and carried away by any Officer, Servant, or Assistant, in order to have the same dealt with by a Justice; and if it shall appear to the Justice that any such Animal, or any of the said Articles, is diseased, or unsound or unwholesome, or unfit for the Food of Man, he shall order the same to be destroyed, or so disposed of as to prevent such Animal or Articles from being exposed for Sale or used for such Food; and the Person to whom such Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, Fish, Fruit, Vegetables, Corn, Bread, or Flour belongs or did belong at the Time of Sale or of Exposure for Sale, or in whose Possession or on whose Premises the same is found, shall, upon Conviction, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every Animal, Carcase, or Fish, or Piece of Meat, Flesh, Qr Fish, or any Poultry or Game, or for the Parcel of Fruit, Vegetables, Corn, Bread, or Flour so found, or, at the discretion of the Justice, without the Infliction of a Fine, to Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for a Tern* of apt more than Three Calendar Months.

3. In case any Person shall in any Manner prevent such Medical Officer of Health or Inspector of Nuisances from entering any Slaughter-house, Shop, Building, Market, or other Place where such Animal, Caroose, Meat, Poultry, or Fish is kept for the Purpose of Sale or of Preparation for Sale, or shall in any Manner obstruct or impede him, or his Servant or Assistant, when duly engaged in carrying the Provisions of this Aof into execution, such Person shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

4. This Act and 4i The Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855," shall be read and construed together as One Act.

5* This Act nfiay be cited for all Purposes as "The Nuisances Removal Act for England (Amendment) Act, 1863" .

Sect, 26. of recited Act repealed.

Power to Medical Officer of Health or Inspector of Nuisances to inspect any Animal, &c.

I

Penalty for obstructing Medical Officer of Health, &c.

ThiB and recited Act to be as One Act.

[Short Title.]

8 & 9 Vict cc. 16. and 17.

2$» & 27s VICTORIA, c.' 118.

; \)>.

CAP. CXVIII.

[Short Title.]

Division of Act into Parts.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions frequently inserted in Acts relating to the Constitution and Management of Companies incorporated for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Companies ' V Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively, were passed in order to ' comprise in One General Act such Provisions relating to the Constitution and Management of Joint Stock Companies incorporated for the Purpose of carrying on Undertakings ' of a public Nature in England or Ireland, or in Scotland, respectively, as were at? the s Times of the passing of those Acts usually introduced into Acts of Parliament relating to ' such Companies:

And whereas fiun-Ly Provisions of the like Nature, hut not comprised in the said General Acts respectively, are now frequently introduced into Acts of Parliament relating ' to such Companies, and it is expedient to comprise such last-mentioned Provisions also in ' One General Act, such Act to be applicable to England or Ireland, or to Scotland, as the ' Case may require, and that as well for the Purpose of avoiding the Necessity of repeating 6 such Provisions in the Aots relating to such Undertakings, as for ensuring greatfer ' Uniformity in the Provisions themselves: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Paphiyucnt assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: j

1. This Act may be cited as The Companies Clauses Act, 1863.,

2. This Act shall be deemed to be divided into Four Parts, as follows:

Part I. relating to Cancellation and Surrender of Shares; r r,

Part II. relating to Additional Capital;

Part III. relating to Debenture Stock;

Part IV. relating to Change of Name. {

Part I.

Cancellation and Surrender of Shares.

Application of 3. This Part of this Act shall apply to every Company incorporated either before or Part L after the passing of this Act which obtains a Special Act incorporating this Part of this Act.

Power to Company to cancel forfeited Shares.

Evidence for Cancellation of forfeited Shares.

4. Where any Share of the Capital of the Company is after the passing of this Act declared forfeited under and in pursuance of the Provisions with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for Nonpayment of Calls contained in The Companies Clauses Consolidation^Act, 1845, and The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively, and the Forfeiture is confirmed by a Meeting in accordance with the same Provisions respectively, and Notice of the Forfeiture has been given, — then and in every such Case, if the Directors of the Company arc unable to sell the Share for a Sum equal to the Arrears of Calls and Interest and Expenses due in respect thereof, the Company at any General Meeting held not less than Two Months after such Notice is given may, in case Payment of the Arrears of Calls, Interest, and Expenses due in respect thereof is not made by the registered Holder of the Share before the Meeting is held, resolve that the Share instead of being sold shall he cancelled, and the Share shall thereupon be cancelled accordingly.

5. A Declaration in Writing made by some credible Person, in England or Inland before a Justice, and in Scotland before any Sheriff or Justice, stating that a Sum of Money sufficient to pay the Arrears of Calls, Interest, and Expenses due in respect of the Share could not at the Time of the Cancellation of the Share be obtained for the same upon the Stock Exchange prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Stock Exchange is prescribed then

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. U8.

upon the Stock Exchange, as to England, of the City of London, and as to Scotland of the City of Edinburgh, and as to Ireland of the City of Dublin, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Fact so declared.

6. Where it is sp resolved that any Share shall be cancelled, the Holder thereof shall from and after, the passing of the Resolution be precluded from all Right and Interest therein and in respect thereof; but the Cancellation shall not affect the Liability of the last registered Holder of the Share to pay to the Company all Arrears of Cadis, IrrtereA. and Expenses due in respect of the Share at the Time of the Cancellation, or the Power or the Company to enforce Payment thereof by Action or otherwise.

7. Provided always, That if the Company enforces the Payment of the Arrears of Calls, Interest, and Expenses under the last preceding Provision, the Value of the Share at the Time of the Cancellation thereof shall be deducted from the Amount so then due; provided also, that if Payment of all Arrears of Calls, Interest, and Expenses is made before such Meeting as aforesaid is held, the Share shall revert to the Person to whom it belonged at the Time of Forfeiture, and shall be re-entered on the Company's Register accordingly.

8. Where any Share is declared forfeited, or where any Sum payable on any Share remains unpaid, the Company, with the Consent in Writing of the registered Holder of the Share, and with the Sanction of a* General Meeting, may resolve that the Share shall be cancelled, and immediately thereupon the Share shall be cancelled, andall Liabilities and Rights with respect to the Share shall thereupon be absolutely extinguished.

9. The Company may from Time to Time accept, on such Terms as they think fit. Surrenders of any Shares which have not been fully paid up.

10. The Company shall not pay or refund to any Shareholder any Sum of Money for or in respect of the Cancellation or Surrender of any Share.

1L The Company may from Time to Time, in lieu of any Shares that have been cancelled or surrendered, issue new Shares of such Amounts as will allow the same to be conveniently apportioned or disposed of according to the Resolution of any Ordinary or Extraordinary Meeting of the Company, and may from Time to Time fix the Amounts and Times of Payment of the Calls on any such new Shares, and dispose thereof on such Terms and Conditions as may be so resolved upon: Provided, that the aggregate nominal Amount of the new Shares shall not exceed the aggregate nominal Amount of the Shares in lieu of which the new Shares are issued, after deducting the Amount actually paid up in respect of the Shares cancelled or surrendered.

Payment of Calls in arrear notwithstanding Cancellation.

Value of forfeited Shares to be deducted from Amount due in respect thereof.

Company may cancel forfeited Shares with Consent of Holders.

As to Surrender of Shares.

No Money to be paid for Cancellation or Surrender. / Power to create Shares in lien of cancelled, forfeited, &c. Shares.

Part II.

Additional Capital.

New Ordinary Shares or Stock.

12. Where any Company, incorporated either before or after the passing of this Act for Beg^tions as the Purpose of carrying on any Undertairing, is authorized by any Special Act hereafter ^Bueofo^d

fassed, and incorporating this Fart of this Act, to raise any additional Sum or Sums by the nary Shares or ssue of new Ordinary Shares, or by the Issue of new Ordinary Stock, or (at the Option of new Ordinary the Company) by either of those Modes, — then and in every such Case the Company, with 100 the Sanction of such Proportion of the Votes of the Shareholders and Stockholders entitled to vote in that Behalf at Meetings of the Company, present (personally or by proxy) at a Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose, as is prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Proportion is prescribed, then of Three Fifths of such Votes, may, for the Purpose of raising the additional Sum or Sums, from Time to Time create and issue (according as the Authority given by the Special Act extends to Shares only, or to Stock only, or to both) such new Ordinary Shares, of Such nominal Amount, and subject to the Payment of Calls of such Amounte and at such Times, as the Company thinks fit, or such new Ordinary Stock as the Company thinks fit.

£6 & 27 VICT. 4 1 Preference

Regulations as to Creation and Issue of nev Preference Shares pr pew Preference Stock.

Saving Rights of Preference Shareholders.

Preference Shares to he entitled to Dividends only out of the Profits of e^ch Year.

Terms, ke. to be stated on Certificates.

Unissued Shares and Stock may be cancelled.

If Ordinary Stock or Shares at a Premium new Shares or Stock to be offered to existing ordinary Shareholders.

Offer to be made by Letter.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

Preference Shares or Stock *

13. Where any such Company is authorized by any Speeial Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Part of this Act to raise any additional Sum or Sums by the Issue of new Preference Shares, or by the Issue of new Preference Stock, or (at the Option of the Company) by either of those Modes, — then and in every such Case the Company, with the like Sanction as aforesaid, may for the Purpose of raising such additional Sum or Sums, from Time to Time create and issue (according as the Authority given by the Special Act extends to Shares only, or to Stock only, or to both) such new Shares or new Stock, either Ordinary or Preference, and either of one Class and with like Privileges, or of several Classes and with different Privileges^ and of the same or different Amounts, and respectively with any fixed, fluctuating, contingent, preferential, perpetual, terminable, deferred, or other Dividend or Interest, not exceeding the Rate prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Rate is prescribed then not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and subject (as to any such new Shares) to the Payment of Calls of such Amounts and -at such Times, as the Company from Time to Time thinks fit:

Provided always, that any Preference assigned to any Shares or Stock so issued under the Special Act shall not affect any Guarantee, or any Preference or Priority in the Payment of Dividend or Interest, on any Shares or Stock, that may have been granted by the Company under or confirmed by any previous Act, or that may be otherwise lawfully subsisting.

14. The Preference Shares or Preference Stock so issued shall be entitled to the preferential Dividend or Interest assigned thereto, out of the Profits of each Year, in priority to the Ordinary Shares and Ordinary Stock of the Company; but if in any Year ending on the Day prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Day is prescribed, then pn the Thirtyrfirst Day of December, there are not Profits available for the Payment of the full Amount of preferential Dividend or Interest for that Year, no Part of the Deficiency shall be made good out of the Profits of any subsequent Year, or out of any other Funds of the Company.

15. The Terms and Conditions to which any Preference Share or Preference Stock is subject shall be dearly stated on the Certificate of that Preference Share or Portion of Preference Stock.

General Provisions as to new Shares or Stock *

16. If, after having created new Shares or new Stock, the Company determines not to issue the whole of the new Shares or new Stock, they may cancel the unissued new Shares or new Stock.

17. If, at the Time of the Issue of new Shares or new Stock, the Ordinary Shares or Ordinary Stock of the Company are or is at a Premium, then, unless the Company before the Issue of the new Shares or new Stock otherwise determines, the new Shares or new Stock then issued shall be of such Amount as will conveniently allow the same to be apportioned among the then Holders of the Ordinary Stock and Ordinary Shares, respectively, in proportion, as nearly as conveniently may be, to the Ordinary Shares and Ordinary Stock held by them respectively, and shall be offered to them at Par in that Proportion: Provided, that it shall not be obligatory on the Company so to apportion or offer any new Shares or new Stock unless the Amount of every new Share or Portion of new Stock to be so offered would if so apportioned be at least the Sum prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Sum is prescribed then at least Ten Pounds.

18. The Offer of new Shares or new Stock shall be made by Letter under the Hand of the Treasurer or Secretary of the Company given to every such Shareholder or Stockholder as aforesaid, or sent by Post addressed to him according to his Address in the Shareholders or Stockholders Address Book, or left for him at his usual or then last known Place of Abode in England, Scotland, or Ireland (as the Case may require); and every such Offer made by Letter sent by Post shall be considered as made on the Day on which the Letter in due course of Delivery ought to be delivered at the Place to which it is addressed.

10. The

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 118. 619

19. The new Shares or Portions of new Stock so offered shall vest in and belong to the Shareholders or Stockholders who accept the same or their Nominees.

20. If any Shareholder or Stockholder fails for the Time prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Time is prescribed then for One Month, after the Offer to him of new Shares or new Stock, to signify his Acceptance of the same or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case at the Expiration of that Period he shall be deemed to have declined the Offer of such new Shares or new Stock or such Part thereof as aforesaid, and the same may be disposed of by the Company as herein-after provided 2

Provided, that where a Shareholder or Stockholder, from Absence abroad or other Cause satisfactory to the Directors of the Company, omits to signify within the Time aforesaid his Acceptance of the new Shares or new Stock offered to him, the Directors, if they think proper, may permit him to accept the same, notwithstanding that such Time has elapsed.

21. Subject to the foregoing Provisions, the Company may from Time to Time dispose of General Power new Shares and new Stock, at such Times, to such Persons, on such Terms and Conditions, dis^e °^ed and in such Manner, as the Directors think advantageous to the Company, but so that not newShLesand less than the full nominal Amount of any Share or Portion of Stock be payable or paid in Stock, respect thereof.

New Shares o* Stock to vest on Acceptance.

As to Disposal of new Shares or Stock to others.

Power to enlarge Time for accepting new Shares or Stock.

Part III.

Debenture Stock.

22. Where any Company, incorporated either before or after the passing of this Act for the Purpose of carrying on any Undertaking, is authorized by any Special Act hereafter passed, and incorporating this Part of this Act, to create and issue Debenture Stock, — then and in every suen Case the Company, with the Sanction of such Proportion of the Votes of the Shareholders and Stockholders entitled to vote in that Behalf at Meetings of the Company, present (personally or by proxy) at a Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose, as is prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Proportion is prescribed, then of Three Fifths of such Votes, may from Time to Time raise all or any Part of the Money which for the Time being they have raised, or are authorized to raise, on Mortgage or Bond, by the Creation and Issue at such Times, in such Amounts and Manner, on such Terms, subject to such Conditions, and with such Rights and Privileges, as the Company thinks fit, of Stock to be called Debenture Stock, instead of and to the same Amount as the whole or any Part of the Money which may for the Time being be owing by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, or which they may from Time to Time have Power to raise on Mortgage or Bond, and may attach to the Stock so created such fixed and perpetual preferential Interest, not exceeding the Rate prescribed in the Special Act, and if no Rate is prescribed, then not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable half-yearly or otherwise, and commencing at once, or at any future Time or Times, when and as the Debenture Stock is issued, or otherwise, as the Company thinks fit.

23. Debenture Stock, with the Interest thereon, shall be a Charge upon the Undertaking Debenture of the Company, prior to all Shares or Stock of the Company, and shall be transmissible and sS)ckf5? a transferable in the same Manner and according to the same Regulations and Provisions as p or arge' other Stock of the Company, and shall in all other respects have the Incidents of Personal

Estate.

24. The Interest on Debenture Stock shall have Priority of Payment over all Dividends Interest on or Interest on any Shares or Stock of the Company, whether Ordinary or Preference or e^ture guaranteed, and shall rank next to the Interest payable on the Mortgages or Bonds for the primaryChai^e. Time being of the Company legally granted before the Creation of such Stock; but the

Holders of Debenture Stock shall not, as among themselves, be entitled to any Preference or Priority.

25. If within Thirty Days after the Interest on any such Debenture Stock is payable the Payment of same is not paid, any One or more of the Holders of the Debenture Stock holding, AlJea", 1?ay 1)6

412 individually enforcedb7

Regulations as to Creation and Issue of Debenture Stock.

6§() #, &>2$fe'VtCYOft4J5r c.'life

individually or collectively, the Sum In notional Amount pi&eof prescribed j^Factor Act/and if no Sum is prescribed* <heu a Sum fequal to Ode Tenth of the Aggregate AfoduAA Which the Company is for the Time being authorized to raise by Mortgage, by Bond, and by Debenture Stock, or the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, whichever of the TVo last*-/- *; < Mentioned Sums is the smaller Sum, may (without Prejudice to the Bight to sue ii^ony

Court" of competent Jurisdiction for the Interest in arrear) require the Appointment in or jfo/and of a Receiver, and in of a Judicial Factor. t v/l), i

Mode of ap- 26. Every kich Application for a Receiver shall be made to Two Justices, and every ittCh pointing fe- i Application for a Judicial Factor shall be made to the Court of Session; and on any stick cial Faater. Application the Justices or Court (as the Case may be), by Order in Writing, after hewing

*; / the Parties, may appoint some Person to receive the whole or a competent Part of the Talk

or Sums liable to the Payment of the Interest, until all the Arrears of Interest then due on the debenture Stock, with all Costs, including the Charges of receiving the Tolls or Sums,

, '1! f ' , v are fully paid$. and upon such Appointment being made all such Tolls or Sums shall be paid, - io and received by the Person so appointed; and all Money so received shall \>e deeriied iso

- much Money received by or to the use of the several Persons interested in the same, according to their several Priorities.

The Receiver or Judicial Factor shall distribute rateably and without Priority, among all the Proprietors of Debenture Stock to whom Interest is in arrear, the Money which so comes to his Hands, after applying a sufficient Part thereof in or towards Satisfaction of the i" - Interest on the Mortgages and Bonds of the Company. ': 7 .£D;

As soon as the full Amount of Interest and Costs has been so received, the Power rff the Receiver or Judicial Factor shall cease* and he shall be bound to account to the Gonqpany for hie Acts or Intromissions or the Sums received by him, and to pay over to the Company any Balance that may be in! his Hands. <' I -7

Arrears may 27. If the Interest on Debenture Stock is in arrear for Thirty Days next after any ofc Acto^or^iUt the respective Days whereon the same is payable, the Holder for the Time being thereof c on 0 ' may (without Prejudice to his Power to apply for the Appointment of a Receiver or Judicial

Factor) recover the Arrears with Costs by Action or Suit against the Company in any Court / gf competent Jurisdiction. ' . / 7 s

ill, pi i. (, ! ', n: ', A,

28. The Company shall cause Entries of the Debenture Stock from Time to Tpne created to be made h* a Register to be kept, for that Purpose, wherein they shall enter the Names and Addresses of me several Persons and Corporations from Time to Time entitled to thO Debenture stock, with the respective Amounts of the Stock to which they are respectively entitled \ and the Register shall, be accessible for Inspection and Perusal at all reasonable Tin^s to pvery Mortgagee, Bondholder, Debenture Stock Holder, Shareholder, and Stockholder of the Company, without the Payment of any Pec or Charge.

Debenture Stock to be registered.

Company to 29. The Company shall deliver to every Holder of Debenture Stock a. Certificate stating fi^tetohm" the Amount of Debefattrre Stock held by him; and all Regulations or Provision* for ' tbb of Debentare*" Time being apphoable to Certificates of Shares in the Capital of the Company shall apply.

Stock. Tiiutatis mutandis; to Certificates of Debenture Stock. i

-, , )- ., 1 .

Mortgages not v r 3Q, Nothing herein or in the Special Act authorizing the Issue of Debenture Stock ^ected by this £0^tained shall in any way affect any Mortgage or Bpnd at any Time legally granted bj ithc, Company before the Creation lofeuch Stook, or any Power of the Company to raise Money oq Mortgage or Bond, but the Holders of all such Mortgages and Ponds shall, during 'the Conrinuaince thereof respectively, he entitled to the same Priorities, Rights, and Privileges brail respects os they would have been entitled to if the Special Act authorizing the Issue of debenture Stock had not been passed r;

Holders of De- 31. Debenture Stock shall not entitle the Holders thereof to be present or vote At any

ao^onT* Meeting Of the Company, or confer any Qualification, but shall, in all respects not otherwise by or under this Act or the Special Act provided for, be considered os entitling the Holders . to the Bights and Powers of Mortgagees of the Undertaking other than the Right tp require .1 Rep^yip^jpf thoPrinqipaJ Money paid up in respect of the Debenture Stock.

; 32. Money

m&, 27° mfotqp/% %i is. fist

32. Money raised by Debenture Stock shidl be applied exclusively cither in paying off Applications Money due by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, or else for the Purposes to which the oney same Money would be applicable if it were raised on Mortgage or Bond instead of on '

Debenture Stock.

83. Separate and distinct Accounts shall be kept by the Company, showing how much Separate Ac-Moriey has been received for or on account of Debenture Stock, and how much Money* ^nture°Stock. borrowed or owing on Mortgage or Bond, or which they have Power so to borrow, has been paid off by Debenture Stock, or raised thereby, instead of being borrowed on ^ortgago- or

Bond. Borrowing

Powers CX *

34. The Powers of borrowing and re-borrowing by the Company shall, to the Extent of anguished to

the Money raised by the Issue of Debenture Stock, be extinmiished. ' extent of l)e-

benture Stock.

35. The Provisions of this Part of this Act shall be deemed to apply to Mortgage Application of

Preference Stock, and to Funded Debt, as the Case may require, in all respects as if Mort- Part ni. to

gage Preference Stock or Funded Debt were mentioned throughout this Part of this Act wherever Debenture Stock is mentioned therein. Funded '

__________ Debt.

Part IV.

Change of\ Name

36. Where by any Special Act hereafter passed and incorporating this Part of this Act Continuance of the Name of any Company incorporated either before or after the passing of this Act for Powers-

the Purpose carrying on any Undertaking is changed, t — then and in every such Case from the passing of the Special Act the Company by their new Name shall have and may exercise the Powers then vested in the Company by their original Name; and all Acts relating to the Company, by their original Name shall be read and interpreted as if throughout those Acts, wherever the original Name of the Company or any Reference to the Company Iby their original Name occurs, the; new Name of the Company or a Reference to the Company by their new Name were substituted. 1

37. No Action, Suit, Bill, Process, Writ, Indictment, Information, or other! Proceeding, Actions, &c. whether civil or criminal, which at or immediately before the passing of the Special Act is not to abat6, commenced and is then pending, — either at the Suit or Instance of the Company, by their original" Name, against any other Corporation or any Person, or at the Suit or Instance of

any other Corporation or any Person against the Company, by their original Name, — shall abate, determine, or be otherwise impeaeped or ^ffected for or by reason of the Change of the Name of the Company; nor shall any Notice, Tender, Requisition, Warrant, Summons,

Pleading, civil or criminal Writ or, other Process, Record, Deed, Contract, Agreement,

Writing, or Instrument then or thereafter to be made, issued, written, or commenced, be deemed to be vacated* discharged, invalidated, prejudiced, or affected by reason of the Company or their Undertaking being therein respectively called by the original Name of the Company or: Undertaking; and it shall not be necessary in any Bill, Suit, Indictment,

Information, Proceeding, Notice, Tender, Requisition, i Warrant, Summons, Pleading* civil or criminal Writ, or other Process, or in any Record, Deed, Contract, Agreement, Writing, or other Instrument or Matter, to aver that the Company had been called or known for any Period by the original Name of the Company, or that their Undertaking had been called or known within that Period by the original Name of the Undertaking, and that by the Special Act effecting the Change the Names of the Company and their Undertaking were changed, and, that after the passing of that Special Act the Company had been called ot known fey their new Name and their Undertaking by its tiew Name; but it shall be deemed true, lawful, and sufficient therein to aver the Style and describe the Company by their new Name, and their Undertaking by its new Name, in the same Manner as if the Company had been originally incorporated, called, or known by their new Name* and as . if their Undertaking had bieien originally called or known by its new Name; / . Jj; . i

38. Notwithstanding the Change of the Name of the Company, everything' before the General Saying passing of the Special Act'effecting the Change done, suffered, or confirmed 'urid£r or fey of Rlshte-

\ virtue

tittue of any other Act shall be as valid as if the Special Act effecting the Change were Hot passed; and the Change of Name and last-mentioned Special Act respectively shall accordingly be subject and without Prejudice to everything so done, suffered, or confirmed before the passing of the last-mentioned Special Act, and to all Rights, Liabilities, Claims, and Demands, then present or future, which, if the Change of Name had not happened and such last-mentioned Special Act had not been passed, would be incident to or consequent on anything so done, suffered, or confirmed.

Contracts, &c. 39. Notwithstanding the Change of the Name of the Company, all Deeds, Instruments,

preserved. Purchases, Sales, Securities, and Contracts before the passing of the Special Act effecting the Change made under any other Act, or with reference to the Purposes thereof, shall be as effectual to all Intents in favour of, against, and with respect to the Company as if the Name of the Company had remained unchanged.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to prevent false Representations as to Grants of Medals or Certificates made by the Commissioners for the Exhibitions of 1851 and 1862.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent false Representations with respect to Grants of

* Medals and Certificates by the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1851 and the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1862 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Penalty on false Representations.

As to having obtainedMedals.

1, If any Trader commits any of the Offences following; that is to say,

1. Falsely represents that he has obtained a Medal or Certificate from the Exhibition

Commissioners itl respect of any Article Or Process for which a Medal or Cfertifjft^te has befeti awarded by thd Commissioners:

2. Falsfely represents (knowing such Representation to bfe false) that any Other Trader

hab Obtained a Medal or Certificate from the Exhibition Commissioners:

3. Falsely represents (knowing sneh Representation to be fiflse) that any Article sold or

exposed for Sale haS been made by, or by any Process invented by, a Person who has obtained in reSpfect of such Article or Process a Medal or Certificate from the Exhibition Commissioners:

He shall incur the following Penalties; that is to say,

1. For the First Offfence he shall forfeit to Her Majesty ft Sum not exceeding Five

Pounds.

2. For any subsequent Offence he stall forfeit to Her Majesty a Sum not exceeding

Twenty Pounds, or be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Six Months.

PnmMona a* 2. In Proceedings under this Act it shall not be necessary to prove that any Person fata

under^iBilS 8U8^ne Damage by the false Representations of the Defendant.

c' It shall not be necessary in any Proceedings under this Act to set out any Copy or Fac-eimile of any Medal or Certificate.

Definition of 3. For the Purposes of this Act " The Exhibition Commissioners shall mean the Com-Terms- missioners for the Exhibition of 1851 and the Commissioners for the Exhibition of 1862, or either of such Bodies of Commissioners.

The Term " Defendant" shall mean any Person against whom Proceedings may be taken under this Act.

Recovery of 4. Offences under this Act may be prosecuted summarily in England and Trcland before

Penalties. Two Justices; as to England, in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden

in

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 119, 120. 623

in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same; as to Ireland, in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings in Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or any Act amending the same.

In Scotland, an Offence against this Act may be prosecuted summarily at the Instance of the Procurator Fiscal before any Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute, or before any Two Justicea of the County, or before the Magistrates or any Police Magistrate of the Burgh in which the Offence was committed.

5. No Provision of this Act shall take away, diminish, or prejudicially affect any Suit, Conviction not Process, Proceeding, Right, or Remedy which any Person may be entitled to at Law, in Equity, or otherwise; nor exempt or excuse any Person from answering or making Dis- j^edyr m covery upon Examination as a Witness, or upon Interrogatories or otherwise, in any Suit or other Civil Proceeding: Provided always, that no Evidence, Statement, or piscoyery which any Person shall be compelled to give or make shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person in support of any Indictment for a Misdemeanor at Common Law or otherwise, or of any Proceeding under the Provisions of this

[Short Title.]

0. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Exhibition Medals Act, 1863/'

CAP. CXX.

An Act for the Augmentation of certain Benefices, the Right of Presentation to which is vested in the Lord Chancellor.

[28th Jubf 1863.]

WHEREAS the Lord Chancellor for the Time being is lawfully entitled to nominate ' " and present Clerks to the Benefices included in the First Schedule hereto; and it is (expedient to sell the Advowsons thereof, in order that the Purchase Money or Consideration received for each Advowson may be applied in the Augmentation of the Income of the Benefice: And whereas the Lord Chancellor is lawfully entitled to present to divers (other Benefices, and it is expedient that some of such Benefices should be sold, and the ' Proceeds applied in the Augmentation of poor Benefices remaining in his Gift; Be it enacted by the Queen-s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Power to selU

J. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to sell and convey the Advowsops of the £?wer to Lopd several Livings included in the First Schedule to this Act in the Manner, for the Consider- ^lAdvow^ns atfons, and subject to the Regulations herein-after contained. in Fir* gcfee-

Mode of Application to purchase.

2. Any Person desirous of purchasing any of the said Advowsons may makp to the Parties desirous Lord Chancellor an Offer in Writing, which shall be signed by the Applicant, or, in the Case of a Corporation Aggregate, be sealed with the Corporate Seal, and shall state Offer to Lord the Terms and Conditions on which the Applicant is willing apd submits to purchase the Chancellor, Advowson therein mentioned. stating Terms.

8. The Lord Chancellor shall be at liberty to receive Two or more Offers for the More Offers same Advowson, but he shall not be under any legal Obligation to accept the highest Offer.

4. ft

{j

Power to Lord Chancellor to require from Incumbents a Return of Income and Outgoings.

Purchasers may pay the Money into the Bank, or in other Modes, with Consent of Lord Chancellor.

26° & 27° VICTORIA c. 120.

4. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to require from the Incumbents of the Advowsons mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act, and every such Incumbent receiving such Requisition is hereby required to make to the Lord Chancellor, a Return or Statement in Writing according to the best of his Knowledge, Information, or Belief, and in such Form as shall be prescribed by the Lord Chancellor, of the gross Income or yearly Benefit of his Benefice, any Tithe Rentcharge therein being .returned at Par, and also a similar Return of all Rates, Taxes, Tenths, Dues, and other .Outgoings, including the Charges of Collection but not including Income or Property Tax, which shall have been paid by or chargeable on such Incumbent in respect of his Benefice during the Five Years immediately preceding Lady Day One [thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, distinguishing the various Items in respect of which such Income and Outgoings may have arisen.

If the Incumbent has a Curate the Stipend of the Curate must be stated, and the Reasons for his Appointment.

Where there is no Parsonage or Residence for the Incumbent belonging to the Living a Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum shall be deducted from the vnet yearly Value as returned by the Incumbent.

If at the Time of making any such Return as is hereby required to be made by Incumbents a Living shall be subject to a Charge of annual Payments in respect of Monies borrowed for building or rebuilding the Parsonage or other Buildings, or for Drainage or other Improvements of the Glebe or Lands of the Living, no Deduction shall be made from the net yearly Value in respect of such annual Payments, but a separate Statement shall b@ made by the Incumbent of the Number and Amount of the annual Payments remaining to be made.

Mode of Payment of Purchase Money.

5. When the Purchase Money for any Advowson to be sold under this Act has been agreed upon, the Purchaser may, with Consent of the Lord Chancellor, pay or satisfy the same in any One of the following Modes; (that is to say,)

First. He may pay the whole of the Purchase Money into the Bank of England to the Credit of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to an Account entitled the Lord Chancellor's Augmentation Fund Account, No. 1 .:

Secondly. He may pay One Half of the Purchase Money into the Bank of England to the Credit and Account aforesaid, and may give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor, for Payment in manner aforesaid, when and so soon as the Living shall be vacant, of such Sum of Money as shall be equal to the Sum which the other Half of the Purchase Money would produce if it were duly accumulated, with Compound Interest at Four per Centum per Annum between the Time appointed for the Completion of the Purchase and the next Avoidance of the Living:

Thirdly. The Purchaser may grant and secure to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chancellor such a present Annuity or Rentcharge in perpetuity, or may convey Tithe Rentcharges arising within the Parish of such net yearly Value, estimated as aforesaid, as shall be equal to Five per Centum per Annum upon One Half of the said Purchase Money of the said Advowson; and the Purchaser may also grant and secure as aforesaid such further Annuity or Rentcharge, to arise and be payable in perpetuity upon the next Avoidance of the Living, as shall be equal to Five per Centum per Annum upon such Sum as would have been produced if the remaining Moiety of the Purchase Money had been accumulated at Compound Interest at Four per Centum per Annum between the Time when such Purchase Money became payable and the Time of the Avoidance of the Living:

Fourthly. The Purchaser may grant and secure as aforesaid such Annuity or Rentcharge as aforesaid at Five per Centum per Annum, or may convey such Tithe Rentcharges as aforesaid, in satisfaction and discharge of the First Moiety of the Purchase Money, and may secure the other Moiety of the Purchase Money, »with accumulated Interest and Compound Interest thereon at the Rate of Four per Centum per Annum in manner aforesaid, to be paid on the next Avoidance of the Living in the Manner herein-before directed:

Fifthly.

625

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Fifthly. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor at his Discretion to accept in satisfaction of the whole or any Part of the Purchase Money for an Advowson any Freehold Land which may be conveniently and beneficially held by the Incumbent; the Value of such Land, and the Title thereto, shall be ascertained in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor shall direct, and all the Expenses attending the same, and the Conveyance of the Land, shall be defrayed by the Purchaser of the Advowson *

Application of Purchase Money.

0. When any Sum of Purchase Money shall have been paid into the Bank of England Purchase in pursuance of this Act, the same may be applied under the Direction of the Lord Chancellor in manner following: iSrection^fF

Any Sum not exceeding One Half of the Purchase Money for the Advowson may Lord Chan-be paid by Order of the Lord Chancellor to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for cellor* England, who, if required by the Lord Chancellor, shall in respect thereof grant an Annuity, and charge the same upon their Common Fund at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on the Sum so paid, which Annuity shall be forthwith applied in augmentation of the Income of the Living:

And as to the Residue of such Purchase Money, the same may by Order of the Lord Chancellor be paid over to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, upon the Terms that such Commissioners shall on the next Avoidance of the Living grant in augmentation thereof, and secure upon their Common Fund, such an Annuity as would be equal to Three and a Half per Centum upon such Sum of Money^as the Residue of the Purchase Money so paid over as aforesaid would have amounted to or produced if the same had been accumulated with Compound Interest at Three and a Half per Centum between the Day of such Payment and the Day of the Avoidance of the said Living.

7. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct that any Part of the Purchase Annuities or Money so paid into the Bank as aforesaid may at any Time, as Occasion shall offer, be applied in the Purchase of any Freehold Land which may be conveniently and beneficially chased, held by the Incumbent, or of any Tithe Rentcharge or of an Annuity or Rentcharge at the Rate of Fourier Centum, to be issuing out of or secured on Freehold or Copyhold Tenements or Hereditaments in England, or in the Purchase of a Deferred Annuity or Rent-charge issuing or secured as aforesaid, to arise and become payable on the next Avoidance of the Living, provided that such Deferred Annuity be not less than Four per Centum on the Sum which the Purchase Money would have amounted to if accumulated at Compound Interest at Four per Centum between the Time of such Purchase and the next Avoidance of the Living.

8. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct that Part Parsonage

of the Purchase Money of any Advowson, but not exceeding in any Case Five hundred *

Pounds, may be applied or paid for the Purpose of purchasing, building, or rebuilding a Purchase Parsonage House on the said Living, provided an equal Sum be found and paid for the Money, same Purpose by or on behalf of the Incumbent or Owner of the Advowson.

9. Any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the Purchase Money or Consideration given W*at Propor-for the Purchase of an Advowson shall be applied in the immediate Augmentation of the ^pi^to Aug-Living, and if the other Moiety of the Purchase Money or Consideration does not fall under mentation of some of the Provisions herein-before contained the same shall be accumulated at Compound Living. Interest in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor shall direct.

10. If on the Purchase of any of the said Advowsons it shall be agreed that the Purchaser Inquiry as to shall grant an Annuity or give Security for Part of the Purchase Money, or if the Lord Chancellor shall direct the Purchase of any Annuity or Rentcharge as aforesaid, or the Vaiu^oTpro^ Purchase of any Freehold Land as aforesaid, the Title of the Purchaser to the Property posed Security, nroposed as Security, and the Sufficiency in Value of such Property, and the Title of the

Vendor of any Annuity or Rentcharge or Freehold Land to be purchased as aforesaid, may be referred by Order of the Lord Chancellor to the Registrar of the Title to Landed 26 & 27 VICT. 4 K Estates,

Form of Instrument of Conveyance.

Form of Annuity.

Form of Mortgage.

Incidents of Annuity.

Annuity to be payable half-yearly.

Apportionment of Annuity between Incumbents on Vacancy.

Recovery of Annuity.

When Advowson purchased, the Title to be indefeasible.

Power for limited Owners to purchase.

"f

Power to Persons, corporate or unincorpo-

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Estates, who shall cause such Title to be investigated, and inquire into the Sufficiency of the proposed Security, and report thereon to the Lord Chancellor.

Mode of Conveyance.

1L When the Consideration for an Advowson has been duly paid or secured, the Advowson shall be. conveyed by the Lord Chancellor unto the Purchaser, or as he shall direct, by an Instrument which may be in the Form contained in the Second Schedule to this Act, with such Alterations therein, if necessary, as the Circumstances of the Case may require.

12. Any Annuity to be granted under this Act may be in the Form contained in the Second Schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit

13. Any Mortgage to be granted in pursuance of the Provisions' of this Act may be in the Form in the Second Schedule contained, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit

14. Every Annuity granted under this Act may be secured on Freehold or Copyhold Estates, or by the Investment of such Sum as the Lord Chancellor may think sufficient in Government Securities, or by the Assignment of an existing Annuity charged on Freehold or Copyhold Estates.

15. Every Annuity granted under this Act shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as may be named in the Order of the Lord Chancellor relating thereto; such Annuity shall have Priority over all Charges that may after the Grant of the said Annuity be created in pursuance of any Act of Parliament relating to the Drainage of Land, or to any Buildings or Improvements on Land

16. On any Vacancy in any Benefice, the Incumbent of which is entitled to an Annuity under this Act, an Apportionment shall be made between the incoming Incumbent and the out-going Incumbent or his Representatives of the then growing Half Year's Annuity, and for the Purposes of such Apportionment the said Annuity shall be deemed to accrue due from Day to Day.

17* Any Annuity granted under this Act, if charged upon Real or Copyhold1 Estates, shall be recoverable in the same Manner in which Tithe Rentcharges are recoverable, or by Petition in Chancery, with Power for the Court to appoint a Receiver,

18. When an Advowson purchased under this Act shall be granted to the Purchaser by the Lord Chancellor, the Purchaser shall be deemed to be indefeasibly entitled to the Advowson described in the Grant, free from all other Estates, Incumbrances, and Interests whatsoever, including all Estates, Interests, and Claims of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

19. Any Person entitled under any Settlement at Law or Equity for his own Benefit to the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profit of Land for the Term of his own Life or in Tail shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be absolute Owner of that Land; arid'any Annuity or Rentcharge granted by such Tenant for Life or in Tail In the Purchase of an Advowson under this Act, with Consent of the Person entitled to the next vested Estate of Inheritance, or, if a Minor, with Consent of his Guardian lawfully appointed for such Purpose, shall be well charged on the Estates of all the Persons claiming under such Settlement; but any Advowson purchased by such Owner shall be deemed to be held on trust for the Persons entitled under the Settlement, in the same Manner as if there had been contained in the Settlement a Power to sell the Land comprised in the Settlement, or a Portion thereof, and to apply the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of an Advowson, to be settled on the same Trusts as the Lana sold, and such Purchase had been made accordingly.

20. Any Person or Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, now by Law entitled to hold Advowsons and to present to Benefices, may purchase and hold Advowsons under this

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 120. 627

this Act without Licence in Mortmain; but no Person or Body of Persons, corporate or rate, to pur-unincorporate, shall, either directly or indirectly, at any one Time, hold or be entitled to more than Four of the Advowsons hereby made saleable. Every Advowson acquired or nouohoidmor« held by any Person or Persons in breach of this Provision shall be forfeited to the Crown, than Four of and be again saleable under this Act, but this Provision shall not apply to any Advowson them* taken by Descent.

21. It shall not be lawful for the Purchaser or Grantee of any Advowson under this purchaser of Act to sell or contract for the Sale of the same, or of the next Presentation to the Benefice, Advowson to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, until after the Expiration of Five Years next following the Date of the Sale or Grant to such Purchaser or Grantee; but this Proviso seii until Ex" shall not extend to prevent any such Sale or Contract for Sale within such prohibited piration of Period by the Heirs, Devisees, Executors, Administrators, or Assignees in Bankruptcy of Years* such Purchaser or Grantee.

22. If in respect of any Contract for the Sale of an Advowson under this Act any Questions con-

Question shall arise touching the Construction or Application of this Act, it shall be lawful cerning Appii-for the Lord Chancellor to direct the same to be argued before himself or any other Judge

of the Court of Chancery by Counsel, and the Decision or Direction of the Lord Chancellor before Lord or of such other Judge shall be final. Chancellor. "

23. Any Person who is Tenant in Tail or in Fee, either in possession, remainder, or Tenant in Tail reversion, of any Freehold or Copyhold Lands situate within the Limits of any Living in or in Fee of the Gift of the Lord Chancellor, whether included or not In the First Schedule hereto, the ^Limit^of clear annual Value of which, to be ascertained as aforesaid, is not less than Two hundred certain Livings Pounds per Annum nor more than Five hundred Pounds per Annum, may apply to the may apply for Lord Chancellor for the Purchase of the Advowson of such Living; and it shall be lawful ^ivo^if for the Lord Chancellor to sell and convey the Advowson of such Living to the Applicant,

either absolutely, or to the Uses or upon the Trusts of any Settlement of such Lanas.

24. Provided, That the total Number of the Livings to be disposed of under the last proviso as to herein-before mentioned Power shall not exceed One hundred, nor shall any Advowson Number of be sold under the same Power for a less Sum than Ten Years Purchase of the clear annual

Value of the Living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, nor for a Sum which shall not be Amount herein certified by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be reasonable and adequate, regard being named, &c. had to the Age of the Incumbent at the Time of Sale.

25. The Purchase Money of all such last-mentioned Livings shall be paid to the Eccle- Purchase siastical Commissioners to the Credit of a distinct Account, to be called "The Lord Money for such Chancellor's Augmentation Account, No. 2 .;" and the Money, when so paid in, shall, unless p^d^Eecfo-the Lord Chancellor shall otherwise direct, be immediately laid out in the Purchase of siastical Com-Three per Cent Reduced Bank Annuities, and the Dividends thereof shall be in like Manner missionera to duly invested and accumulated at Compound Interest by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, dist^ct Ac-until the Lord Chancellor shall make any Order for the Application of such Purchase count. Money, or of the Funds so produced by the Investment thereof.

26. It shall be lawful for thq Lord Chancellor, at his Discretion, to. augment any Lord Chan-Benefice in his Gift to such an Amount as he may think fit, and for the Purpose of such cellor may Augmentation to exercise over the Funds lastly herein-before mentioned all such Powers BeneSS in as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners are or may be by Law authorized to exercise over the his Gift. Common Fund at their Disposal: Provided that no such Benefice shall, with the Aug- Proviso as to mentation, amount to an annual Value of more than Four hundred Pounds, nor to an such Augmen-annual Value exceeding One Pound Sterling for every Four Inhabitants within the Limits

thereof.

27. In all Cases the annual Value shall be ascertained in the Manner hereifi-beford How annual

directed, and the Number of Inhabitants within the Limits of any Living shall be deter- Value is to be mined by a Reference to the last preceding Census. ascertained.

4 K 2 Miscellaneous

Limiting Amount of Fees on the Purchase of Advowsons.

Limiting Fees to be paid in Office of Land Registry.

Payment of Expenses under this Act.

By whom Business to be transacted.

Returns to be made to Parliament

Lord Chancellor to make General Orders for regulating Proceedings.

Lord Chancellor not to incur personal Liability, &c. in respect of Proceedings under this Act

Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict c. 18. to apply to this Act

Saving Crown Rights.

Interpretation of Terms.

Commencement ef Act

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

28. No Fees shall be payable on any Application to the Lord Chancellor under this Act, or in respect of anything that shall be done thereon, until the Contract for the Purchase of any Advowson shall be completed, when the Sum of Ten Eounds shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Presentations, to be applied in Payment of the Salaries and Expenses that may be payable under this Act.

29. No Fees shall be paid by any Purchaser in the Office of Land Registry, save such Sums ag shall be actually paid to any Examiner of Titles, Surveyor, or other Person in investigating the Title of the Purchaser, and ascertaining the Sufficiency of any proposed Security.

30. If any Expenses are incurred by the Lord Chancellor in any Proceedings under this Act with respect to the Sale of any Advowson, such Expenses shall be deducted from the Monies received under this Act.

As to the Lord Chancellor s Secretary of Presentations.

31. The Business to be transacted under this Act shall be managed by the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Presentations, under the Superintendence and Control of the Lord Chancellor.

32. A Return shall be laid before Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of each Session of all Sales that shall have been effected under the -Powers of this Act, and of the Terms on which such Sales have been effected, and of all Monies received under the Authority of this Act, and of the Application thereof.

33. The Lord Chancellor shall have Authority to make from Time to Time General Orders for regulating all Proceedings under this Act, and such Orders shall be laid before Parliament within Fourteen Days after the same are made if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, within Fourteen Days after the next Session of Parliament has commenced.

34. The Lotrd Chancellor shall not incur or be subject to any personal Liability, nor shall he be made a Party to any Proceeding at Law of in Equity, by reason or in consequence of anything done under the Provisions of this Act; and if any Dispute, Doubt, or Difficulty whatever shall arise with respect to any Sale, Contract, or Agreement under this Act before the Completion thereof, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor by Writing under his Hand to annul and determine such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, and the same shall thenceforth be void and of no Effect.

35. The Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," " with respect " to the Purchase of Lands by Agreement," " with respect to the Purchase Money or

Compensation coming to Parties having limited Interests, or prevented from treating, or " not making Title," and all other Provisions of the said Act applicable to and in the Case of the Purchase of Lands by Agreement, shall be applicable to the Purchase of the Tithe Rentcharge arising within the Parish under this Act.

30. Nothing in this Act shall take away or prejudicially affect any Right or Title of any Person, other than Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and the Lord Chancellor for the Time, being, to the Advowson or Right of Presentation to any Living.

37. The Term " Lord Chancellor" shall include Lord Keeper and Commissioner of the Great Seal; and the Terms " Advowson," " Living," and " Benefice99 shall include Perpetual Curacies.

38. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and may be cited as " The Lord Chancellor's Augmentation Act," but the Provisions herein-before contained with respect to Returns to be made by Incumbents shall come into operation immediately on the passing of this Act

SCHEDULES. FIRST SCHEDULE.

Name of Benefice. County. Diocese. Name of Benefice. County. Diocese.

Abbotsham - . - Devon - Exeter. Churchlench - Worcester Worcester.

Aciise - Kent - Canterbury. Churchstow - Devon - Exeter.

Addlethorpe - . - Lincoln Linooln. Churton Wilts - Sarum.

Alderminster - Worcester Worcester. Clannaborough Devon - Exeter.

Alfriston Sussex - Chichester. Clerkenwell St. John Middlesex London.

Ampney Crucis, Gloucester Gloucester and Bristol. Coaley - Gloucester Gloucester and Bristol.

Ansley - Wahvick Worcester. Colchester St. James Essex - Rochester.

Anstey -Ashbury Warwick Devon - Worcester. Exeter. Coldofi (or Cowden) Parva. York - York.

Ashcombe Devon - Exeter. Cornwell Oxford - Oxford.

Ashford Middlesex London. Corton - Suffolk - Norwich.

Ashford Devon - Exeter. | Coul stone Wilts - Sarum.

Aston Blank Gloucester Gloucester and Bristol. Covenham St. Mary Creeton Lincoln Lincoln Lincoln. Lincoln.

Astwood Bucks - Oxford. Cretingham - Suffolk Norwich.

Athelington - Suffolk - Norwich. Cromweare Pembroke St. David's.

Atwick - York - York. Croome Hill - Worcester Worcester.

Austrey - Warwick Worcester. Croxby - Lincoln Lincoln.

Avebury Wilts - Sarum. Cutcorabe Somerset Bath and Wells.

Avenbury Hereford Hereford. Dacre - Cumberland Carlisle.

Baldock Hertford Rochester. Deane - Lancaster Manchester.

Bampton Westmoreland Carlisle. Desford Leicester Peterborough.

Barrington, Little - Gloucester Gloucester and Dinnington - York - York.

Bristol. Ditchling Sussex - Chichester.

Barton St. Andrew - Norfolk Norwich. Doddington, Great Northampton Peterborough.

Baschurch Salop - Lichfield. Down ton Hereford Hereford.

Boston. - - . - Lincoln Lincoln. Drax - York - ' York.

Bawdsey (Suffolk - Norwich. Dronfield Derby - Lichfield.

Beesby - Lincoln Lincoln. Dunstable Bedford Ely.

Beyton - Suffolk - Ely. D unton Norfolk Norwich.

Bicknor Kent - Canterbury. Dymchurch - Kent - Canterbury.

Bicknor Welsh Hereford 9 Hereford. Earl's Barton Northampton Peterborough.

Birkby - York - York. Easby - York - Ripon.

Braceborough Lincoln Lincoln. Eastrington - York - York.

Bradwell Bucks - Oxford. Eastwood Essex - Rochester.

Bramdean Hants - Winchester. Eaton - - Leicester Peterborough.

Bramfield Suffolk - Norwich. Effingham Surrey - Winchester.

Bramford Speke Devon - Exeter. Eglwys Cymmen . - Carmarthen St. David's.

Bramley Brinklow Surrey -Warwick Winchester. Worcester. Elmstone Hardwick Gloucester Gloucester and Bristol.

Brooke - Norfolk Norwich. Evewden, Great Cambridge. Ely.

Broughton Hacket -Bunistead, Steeple - Worcester Essex - Worcester. Rochester. Evesham All Saints with St. Lawrence. Worcester Worcester.

Burgh by Sands Cumberland Carlisle. Ewerby - Linooln Linooln.

Burmarsn Kent - Canterbury. Exeter St. Olave Devon - Exeter.

Burrington Hereford Hereford. Farnham Dorset - Sarum.

Burthorpe, alias East Leach Martin. Gloucester Gloucester and Bristol. Fewston. Fifield - York *-Hants - Ripofri. Winchester.

Butterleigh - Devon - Exeter. Fishbourne Sfissex - Chichester.

Byton - - Hereford Hereford. Fishguard Pembroke St. David's.

Cadbury - Devon - Exeter. Fotherby Lincoln Linooln.

Canterbury St. Mildred, &c. Kent - Canterbury. Foxton -Freystrop Leicester Pembroke Peterborough. St. David's

Cardigan - Cardigan St. David's. Frisby - -Garsdale-in-Sedburgh Leicester Peterborough.

Castle Church Stafford Lichfield. York - Ripon.

Catwick Cavenham York Suffolk - York. Ely. Garton-in-Holder- ness. York - York.

Chalk - Kent - Rochester. G arton-in-the-Wolds York - York.

Chillenden Kent - Canterbury. Gautby - Lincoln Lincoln.

Chilvers Coton Warwick Worcester. Geldestone Norfolk Norwich.

Chinnock, East Somerset Bath and Wells. Gidding, Little Huntingdon Ely.

Name of Benefice. County. Diocese.

Gloucester St. John Gloucester m Gloucester and Bristol.

Goxhill - . Lincoln m Lincoln *

Grandborough Bucks - m Oxford,

Grinton York - Ripon.

Grosmont Monmouth - Llandaff.

Guildford Holy Trinity with 8t. Mary. Surrey - - Winchester.

Hal well Devon m Exeter.

Ham - Kent - m Canterbury.

Hampton Wick Middlesex - London.

Hart - Durham . Durham.

Hartford Huntingdon . Ely. Worcester.

Haselor Warwick

Haskard Pembroke . St. David's.

Hatfield Hereford - Hereford.

Heanor - Derby - - Lichfield.

Heath (or Hethe) - Oxford - . Oxford.

Helmsley, Upper - York - - York.

Hemley - Suffolk - - Norwich.

Herbranston Pembroke . St. David's.

Hermitage Dorset - - Sarum.

Hindon Wilts - . Sarum.

Hoathly, West Sussex - - Chichester.

Hollacombe Devon - . Exeter.

Holmpton York - - York.

Holtonde-Clay Lincoln . Lincoln.

Hope Mansell Hereford - Hereford.

Hough-on-the-Hill Hubberston - Lincoln - Lincoln.

Pembroke - St. David's.

Humber - Hereford . Hereford.

Humbleton York - York.

Hunningham - Warwick - Worcester.

Huntingdon All Hunts - - Ely.

Saints with St. John.

Huntingdon St. Mary Hunts - Ely.

with St. Benedict.

Hyson Green Nottingham . Lincoln.

Ichenor, West Sussex - Chichester.

I Is ton - Glamorgan - St. David's.

Islington Ken cheater - Norfolk - Norwich.

Hereford Hereford.

Kettlestone - Norfolk Norwich.

Kilmersdon - Somerset Bath and Wells.

Kilton - Somerset - Bath and Wells.

Kilverston Norfolk - Norwich.

Kingsbury Warwick - Worcester.

Kinnerley Salop - - Lichfield.

Kirkburn York - - York.

Kirkby-on-thfc-Green Kirk Oswald - Lincoln Lincoln.

Cumberland Carlisle.

Knarsdale Northumberland* Durham.

Laleham - Middlesex - London.

Langham St. Mary- Suffolk - Ely.

Leicester All Saints Leicester - Peterborough.

with St. Leonard.

Leicester St. Martin Leicester - Peterborough.

Leicester St. Mary - Leicester - Peterborough.

Leicester St. Nicholas Leicester - Peterborough.

Lewes St. Michael - Sussex - - Chichester.

Lewes St. John Sussex - - Chichester.

Southover.

Lilburne Northampton Peterborough.

Lillingston Lovell - Oxford - Oxford.

Longham, &c. Norfolk - Norwich.

Name of Benefice. County. Diocese.

Longney - Gloucester - Gloucester and Bristol.

Loxley - Warwick Worcester.

Ludlow - Salop - Hereford.

Lullington Derby - m Lichfield.

Marloes - Pembroke - St. David's,

Meavy - Devon - - Exeter.

Melling - Lancaster - Manchester.

Mellis - Suffolk - Norwich.

Merston - Kent - - Rochester.

Middleton Sussex - - Chichester.

Naunton Beauchamp Worcester - Worcester.

Newhaven Sussex - - Chichester.

Newport Essex - - Rochester.

Newton Tracey Devon - - Exeter.

Newton, West Norfolk Norwich.

Ninehead Somerset - Bath and Wells.

Nolton - Pembroke - St. David's.

North Leigh - Oxford - Oxford.

Norton - Radnor - Hereford.

Norwich St. Lawrence Norfolk - Norwich.

Nottingham St. Notts - - Lincoln.

James.

Nottingham St. Ni- Notts - - Lincoln.

cholas.

Nottingham St. Peter Notts - - Lincoln.

Offhatn - Kent - - Canterbury.

Osmotherley - York - - York.

Otley - York - - Ripon.

Ottery St. Mary Devon - m Exeter.

Ouseborne, Great - York - m Ripon.

Oxford St. Clement Oxford - - Oxford.

Oxford St. Ebbe Oxford . Oxford.

Oxford St. Peter-le- Oxford - - Oxford.

Bailey. Oxford.

Padbury Bucks -

Patcham Sussex - - Chichester.

Pati shall, IstMediety Northampton Peterborough.

Peatling, Little Leicester - Peterborough.

Pentridge Dorset - - Sarum.

Pelton - Salop - - Lichfield.

Pilham - Lincoln Lincoln.

Portchester Hants - - Winchester.

Port Eynon - Glamorgan - St. David's.

Portslade Sussex - - Chichester.

Po ugh ill Cornwall - Exeter.

Prendergast - Pembroke - St. David's.

Pwllcrochan - Pembroke - St. David's.

Radnage Bucks - - Oxford.

Ramsbury Rasen, Market Wilts - . Sarum,

Lincoln _ Lincoln.

Ratcliffe-on-Wreke - Leicester - Peterborough,

Ratley - Warwick - Worcester.

Rhoselly Glamorgan - St. David's.

Rillington York - - York.

Ripton Kings Hunts - Ely.

Rissington Wick - Gloucester - Gloucester and Bristol.

Rokeby - York - Ripon.

Roding Leaden Essex - - Rochester.

Rollstone Wilts - _ Sarum.

Rosemarket - Pembroke - St. David's.

Rougham Norfolk - Norwich.

Rowington Warwick - Worcester.

Rowley Regis - Stafford - Worcester.

Rudbaxton Pembroke St. David's.

Runnington - Somerset - Bath and Wells.

Name of Benefice. County. Diocese. Name of Benefice. County. Diocese.

Rupa m Pembroke St. David's. Thorpe St. Mary - . Surrey - 1 m Winchester.

Rushden - Northampton Peterborough. Throwley Devon - *- Exeter.

Ruskington, 2d Me- Lincoln Lincoln. Tilshead Wilts - - Sarum.

diety. Tiptree Heath Essex - - Rochester.

Sandal, Great - York - Ripon. Tolland - Somerset - BathandWells.

Seighford - Stafford Lichfield. Totnesa - Devon - - Exeter.

Selllnge St. Mary - Kent - Canterbury. Tresmere Cornwall - Exeter.

Shadoxhurst - - Kent - Canterbury. Ubley - Somerset - BathandWells.

Shalfleet Hants (Isle of Winchester. Uphaven - - Wilts - - Sarum.

Wight). Upton, &c. Bucks - Oxford.

Shambrook - - Bedford Ely. Upton Waters Salop - . Lichfield.

Shilbottle - - Northumber- Durham. Virginstow Devon - - Exeter.

land. Waddingworth Lincoln Lincoln.

Shilton - - Warwick Worcester. Walton on Thames - Surrey - - Winchester.

Shoebury, North - Essex - Rochester. Welham - Leicester Peterborough.

Shorncolt Wilts Gloucester and Welton, - Northampton Peterborough.

Bristol. Welwick York - - York.

Skirpen Beck - York - York. Wenhaston - Suffolk . Norwich.

Sneaton - - York - York. Westhere Kent - Canterbury.

Somerby - - Lincoln Lincoln. Weston f* Lincoln . Lincoln.

Sotby m Linooln Lincoln. Wexham Bucks - Oxford.

Southampton St. Hants - Winchester. Wherstead - - Suffolk - 9 Norwich.

Lawrence with St. Whipsnade - Bedford m Ely.

John. Whitchurch - Bucks - - Oxford.

Southampton St. Hants - Winchester. Wickham Market - Suffolk . Norwich.

Michael. Wiggenhall St. Maiy Norfolk . Norwich.

Southwick - Sussex - Chichester. Wiggenhall St. Peter Norfolk Norwich.

Spernall - Warwick Worcester. Willerby - - York York.

Springthorpe - - Lincoln Lincoln. Willeys Warwick - Worcester.

St. Anthony-in -Me- Cornwall Exeter. Winchester St. Bar- Hants - m Winchester.

neage. tholomew.

St. Endellion - Cornwall Exeter. Winchester St. Peter Hants - Winchester.

St. Ishmael - Pembroke St. David's. Gheesehill.

St. Neot's - Huntingdon - Ely. Winslow i Bucks - Oxford.

St. Trinity Minories London London. Winterton Lincoln - Lincoln.

Stainbridge, Little - Essex - Rochester. Worcester All Saints Worcester Worcester.

Stanton-on-Arrow - Hereford Hereford. Wrestlingworth Bedford Ely.

Stockleigh English Devon - Exeter. W rockwardine W ood Salop - . Lichfield.

Stokenchurch - - Oxford Oxford. Yarmouth Hants (Isle of Winchester.

Stoke Ferry - - Norfolk Norwich. Wight).

Stoke, North - - Somerset Bath and Wells. Yarnscombe - Devon - - Exeter.

Stoke, West - - Sussex Chichester. Yaxley - Hunts - Ely.

Stone - Stafford Lichfield. Yeldon, Little Essex - Rochester.

Stotsbury - Northampton Peterborough. York All Saints York - - York.

Stowe - - Salop - Hereford. York Holy Trinity, York - . York.

Stratford St. Andrew Suffolk Norwich, Micklegate.

Studham Bedford Ely. York St. Denis with York York.

Sturton, Great - Lincoln Lincoln. St. George.

Sutterby Linooln Linooln. York St. Margaret York . York.

Sutton, near Seaford, Sussex - Chichester. with St. Peter-le-

&c. ' Willows.

Swanbourne - Bucks - Oxford. York St. Mary Bi* York - York.

Swilland - Suffolk Norwich. shopshill Senior,

Thenford - Northampton Peterborough. York St. Saviour - York - York.

Thorner - w York - Ripon.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Grant of Advowson.

Know all Men, that by virtue of the Power given to me by the Statute passed, &c., and in consideration that the Value of the Property hereby granted as required by said Act has been duly secured and paid, I, the undersigned, A.B., Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain,

Britain, do hereby appoint and grant unto C.D. and his Heirs, all that the Advowson, &c. [insert Parcels] subject to the present Incumbency; to hold unto the said C.D., Ins Heirs, and Assigns for ever, for an absolute and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance,

In witness, &c., .

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Know all Men, that in pursuance of the Act [insert Title] and of a Contract for the Purchase of the Advowson of [Name], I, the undersigned A.B., do grant unto C.D., Incumbent of the Parish Church of* [Name], and his Successors* Incumbents of the said Church for ever. One Annuity or yearly Rentcharge of £ to issue out of and be charged upon all [describe the Estate]; to hold unto the said CD. and his Successors, Incumbents of the Parish of [Name], for: ever as a perpetual Annuity or Rentcharge, free from all Charges and Deductions. 1 1

... - i -

Form of Mortgage for Purchase Money to be paid on next Avoidance

1.. 1 of the Living.

These Presents witness, that pursuant to the Act [insert Title), and tQ a Contract for" the Purchase of the Advowson of [Name], I, the undersigned A.B., [Description,] do grant and release unto the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England all, &c. [Parcels], to hold unto the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and their Successors, subject to Redemption on Payment by me, my Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Ecclesiastical' Commissioners, when and so soon as the Church of the said Living shall next become vacant, of such Principal Sum as shall be equal to the Sum which the Sum of £

[the Half or other Part of the Purchase Money] mentioned in the said Contract would amount to if duly accumulated at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum between the Date of the said Contract and the Day next after the Day when the said Church became vacant, the Amount to be ascertained by the Actuary employed by the said Commissioners. And I, the said A.B.y do covenant for myself and my Heirs with the said Commissioners to pay such Sum, when ascertained as aforesaid, on Demand.

In witness, &c.

26 G.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to establish the Validity of Acts performed in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad by certain Clergymen ordained in Foreign Parts, and to extend the Powers of Colonial Legislatures with respect to such Clergymen.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS by the Third Section of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His

3. c. 84. i late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-four, intituled An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the-Time being

to Consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out 1 of His Majesty's Dominions, it was enacted that no Person or Persons admitted to the '

Order of Deacon or Priest by any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, or by the Successor

or Successors of any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, should be thereby enabled to c exercise his or their respective Office or Offices within His Majesty's Dominions: And whereas by an Act passed by. the Legislature of Barbadoes in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Twenty, intituled >An Act to enable the Reverend Joseph Shepherd Mayers to exercise his Office as a Clergyman within r this Island, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Reverend Joseph Shepherd

19 & 20 Vtofc c. 20. (Bar-bad*)

26° & 2 TVICTORIA c. 121, 122, 633

Mayers to exercise the Office of Priest, and the said Reverend Joseph Shepherd Mayers

hath from that Time exercised the said Office in the Island of Barbadoes: And whereas ' it is apprehended that divers Persons having been ordained by such Bishop or Bishops as (aforesaid or their Successors have at Times exercised their respective Offices in British ' Colonies: And whereas Doubts are entertained respecting the Validity of the aforesaid ' Act passed by the Legislature of Barbadoes, and of the Marriages solemnized and other ' Acts performed by the said Reverend Joseph Shepherd Mayers under Authority of the ' said Act* or by other Persons so ordained as aforesaid, and it is advisable to remove such ' Doubts, and to define the Power of Colonial Legislatures in this respect:' Be it hereby enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, as follows:, _ .

* Colonial Legis-

1. It shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, by ^eErer-U"

any Law or Laws to be by them passed, to authorize any Persons admitted to the Order rise of Clerical of Priest or Deacon by any of such Bishops as are mentioned in the first-recited Act.to Functions by exercise their respective Offices in such Possession, anything in the aforesaid Act of d^edby^" Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, and all Laws heretofore passed by any such Bishops con-Legislature for that Purpose shall be and the same are hereby declared to be valid and ecrated under effectual to all Intents and Purposes. 26 3' 84,

2. All Acts heretofore performed in any British Colony by any Person having been Acte heretofore admitted to the Office of Priest or Deacon by any of such Bishops as aforesaid or of their Successors shall be as valid and effectual at Law for all Purposes whatever as if such Person yaii£

had been so admitted by a Bishop or Bishops of the United Church of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty in Council to make Alterations in the Circuits of the Judges.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for such Alterations in the Circuits of f " Her Majesty's Judges as may from Time to Time appear to be necessary for the better Despatch of Assize Business in England and Wales y Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in. this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Her Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Most Honourable Privy Coiirfcjl, Power to Her shall have Power from Time to Time to order and direct that the Circuits of Her Maje&^'s coumSfto alter Judges in England and Wales, or any of such Circuits, shall be altered, by taking away Circuits of from any Circuit any County or Counties, or any Part or Parts of any County or Counties, -Judge* and annexing the same to any other Circuit or Circuits; and every such Alteration shall take effect upon and from the Date of the Order in Council in and by which the same shall be ordered and directed, or from such other Time as shall be provided in -such '

Order.

2. All the Powers and Provisions contained in the Third Section of the Act of the Powwi* Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-one, shall extend, so far as the same c. 71. ex-26 & 27 Vict. 4 L are

tended to this Act.

Power to Treasury, with Sanction of Lord Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, to alter Salaries of Clerks of Assize on Alteration of Circuits.

Power to alter Numbers of Revising Barristers to be appointed within Circuits affected by Alterations.

Power to Churchwardens of District Parochial Churches erected under Provisions of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 17. to levy Pew Rents.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 122, 123.

Are applicable, to all Orders in Council to be made and to all Acts to be done by virtue of this Act, and may be used and applied for any of the Purposes herein mentioned.

3. It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by and with the Sanction of the Lord Chief Justices and the Lord Chief Baron* to make such Alterations in the Amount of the Salaries of any of the Officers mentioned in Schedule (B.) to the Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-three, as may appear to the said Lords Commissioners* by and with such Sanction as aforesaid, to be reasonable and proper upon and in consequence of any Alteration to be made in any of the Circuits by virtue of this Act; and all such new or altered Salaries shall be deemed to have been fixed and appointed under and subject to the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

4. And whereas by the Twenty-eighth Section of the Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, it is enacted that, except as is therein-after provided, no greater Number of Barristers shall be appointed in any Year to revise the Lists of Voters in the Election of Members to serve (in Parliament for the several Counties* Cities, Boroughs, and Places within the several ' Circuits in England and Wales than as therein provided:' Be it enacted* That upon any Alteration or Alterations being made in any of the said Circuits by Her Majesty in Council by virtue of this Act, it shall also be lawful for Her Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to order and direct that the Number of Revising Barristers to be appointed for the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, and Places within any Circuit or Circuits affected by such Alteration or Alterations as aforesaid, shall be increased or diminished as to Her Majesty, by and with such Advice as aforesaid, may seem meet, scything in the last-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that the present total Number of Revising Barristers shall not be augmented otherwise than in accordance with the Provisions of the Twenty-ninth Section of the said last-mentioned Act.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to District Parochial Churches in Ireland.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it ia expedient to amend the Law respecting District Parochial Churches and Chapels erected in Ireland by Funds provided by way of Endowment: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That whenever a District Parochial Church or Chapel shall be erected within the Boundaries of any City or Corporate Town in Ireland, or within the Distance of Three Miles from the Boundaries of such City or Corporate Town, under the Provisions of the Statute passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches and Chapels and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of such District Parish, when duly choBen and appointed according to Law, to contract for, collect* and levy and recover by all proper Means and Proceedings an annual Rent or Rents for the Use of any Pews or Sittings in such Church or Chapel from such Persons as shall be willing to take and occupy the same, so that no such Proceeding shall abate by reason of the Death, Removal, or going out of Office of any such Churchwardens, but may be commenced.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 123, 124.

menced, prosecuted, and continued in the Official Name of the Churchwardens of such District Church: Provided always, that in every such Church or Chapel erected, appropriated, or endowed under the Provisions of the said Act of Parliament, One Third at least of the Sittings shall be set apart as Free Sittings for ever; and that such Free Sittings shall, with respect to Position and Convenience, be as advantageously situated in the Church or Chapel as the Pews or Sittings for which a Rent or Rents may be fixed or taken.

2. It shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any such District Parish Church or Chapel so erected within any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, or within the Distance of Three Miles from the Boundaries thereof, to apply the Pew Rents so collected or recovered, to the Insurance against Fire of the said Church or Chapel, and to increasing the Stipend, Salary, or Endowment of the Incumbent or Perpetual Curate of such District Parish Church or Chapel, or in defraying such other incidental Charges as may from Time to Time be approved of by Vestry Meetings of such District Parish duly assembled according to Law.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for the more effectual Condensation of Muriatic Acid Gas in Alkali Works.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better Condensation of the Muriatic Acid Gas evolved in Alkali Works:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as the " Alkali Act, 1863."

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

3. The Term " Alkali Work," as herein-after used, shall mean every Work for the Manufacture of Alkali, Sulphate of Soda, or Sulphate of Potash in which Muriatic Acid Gas is evolved:

The Term " Owner/' as herein-after used, shall mean the Lessee or Occupier or any other Person carrying on any Alkali Work:

The Term ((the Inspector" shall mean the Inspector to be appointed under this Act.

Alkali Works.

4. Every Alkali Work shall be carried on in such Manner as to secure the Condensation to the Satisfaction of the Inspector, derived from his own Examination or from that of a Sub-Inspector, of not less than Ninety-five per Centum of the Muriatic Acid Gas evolved therein: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall entitle the Inspector to direct any Alteration to be made in the Process of Manufacture or the Apparatus used therein.

If any Alkali Work is carried on in contravention of this Section, the Owner of that Work shall, on its being made to appear to the Court before which any Proceedings for Recovery of a Penalty may be instituted that Ninety-five per Centum at least of the Muriatic Acid Gas evolved in such Work has not been condensed, be deemed to be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and be subject in respect of the First Conviction to a

4 L 2 Penalty

As to Situation of Free Sittings.

Application of Pew Rents.

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Interpretation of Terms.

As to the Conduct of Alkali Works.

^6 !26° & 27o; VICTORIA, <s. 124.

Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and in respect of every Offence after a previous Conviction to a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that n6 such OWher shall be convicted of more than One such Offence in respect of any One Day: Provided also, that no such Penalty shall be indicted unless the Inspector shall produce before the Court having Cognizance of the Matter a Statement in Writing of the Facts! on "I Which he founds his Opinion that Ninety-five per Centum of the Muriatic Acid Gai evolved 1 in the Alkali Work is not condensed therein, and serve a Copy thereof with the Process T commencing the Proceedings. i.v.

Owner to be 5. The Owner of any Alkali Work in which any Offence against this Act has b$en fencaIn the" provted to have been committed, and for which a pecuniary Penalty may be impose^ shall first instance, in every Case be deemed to have committed the Offence, and shall be liable to pay the unless he prore Penalty, unless he shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court before which any Action brought for the Recovery of such Penalty that he has used due Diligence to cqro-by some Agent, ply with and to enforce the Execution of this Act, and that the Offence in question/jvas &c. without his committed by some Agent, Servant, or Workman, whom he shall charge by Name as the which^Case ac^ua^ Offender, without his Knowledge, Consent, or Connivance, in which C^se such such Agent, Agent, Servant, or Workman shall be liable to and may be sued for the Payment of the &c. to be Penalty, and of the Costs of all Proceedings which may be taken for the Recovery thereof, either against himself or against the Owner under this Act; provided that it shall be lawful for the Inspector to proceed in the first instance against the Person whom he shall believe i: to be the actual Offender, without first proceeding against the Owner, in any Case in which

' it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of such Inspector that the Owner has uSed all

due Diligence to comply with and to enforce the Execution of this Act, and that the Offenee has been committed by the Person whom he may charge therewith without the , > Knowledge, Consent, or Connivance of the Owner, and in contravention of his Orders.

As to the 0. No Alkali Work shall at any Time after the Expiration of Three Months after the

AivirIw0Il0f Appointment of the Inspector be carried on or prosecuted until such Work has been ? i Wo^ks. j^gjgtered by the Owner with the Inspector. In every Register hereby required to be made there shall be inserted the Name in full of the Owner, and of the Parish or Township in which the Work is situate, and within One Month after Change of Ownership in any such Work the Register of such Work shall be amended by inserting the Name of the new Owner; and if any Alkali Work is carried on in contravention of this Section, the Owner thereof shall, on Conviction, be deemed to be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and shall r \ . be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which such Work

shall have been so carried on.

Inspectors.

Appointment 7. For the Purpose of carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, the Board of ^>ade of Inspectors. may from Time to Time appoint any fit and proper Person to be Inspector of Alkali Works under this Act, and may from Time to Time remove any Inspector so appointed, and appoint another Person in his Place. The Board of Trade may also, on Application of the Inspector, from Time to Time appoint and remove such Sub-Inspector or Sub-Inspectors as the said Board may deem necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into effect. Notice of the (T, / f Appointment of such Inspector and Sub-Inspectors shall be publidhed in the London fGazette, and a Copy of the Gazette shall be Evidence of the Appointment made.

WtofrPfetton* 81 No Person either directly or indirectly acting or practising as a Land Agent, or directly or indirectly engaged in any Manufacture, or interested in any Patent in or Inspector, g according tqwhibh the Decomposition of Salt or the Condensation of Muriatic Acid Gas may be effected, shall act as an Inspector or Sub-Inspector under this Act.

Duties and 9. It shall be the Duty of every Inspector under this Act to ascertain from Time to Time

Powers of that all the Alkali Works are carried on in conformity with the Provisions of this Ajct, and

Inspector. pnforce said Provisions, and to cause Notice to be given to every Owner whose* Work

phall be carried on in contravention of this Act of the Commission of such Offence as soon

08

2ft" & 27" VICTORIA a. 12.4. »$7

as conveniently may be after the Commission thereof; and with a view to the Performance of that Duty he or any Sub-Inspector may at all reasonable Times, by Day and *by Night, without giving previous Notice, but so as not to interrupt the Process of the Manufacture, enter upon and inspect any Alkali Work, and examine into the Efficiency of the Condensing Apparatus, and the Quantity of Muriatic Acid Gas condensed, and generally into all Matters and Works tending to show Compliance or Non-compliance with the Provisions of this Act- And the Owner of such Works, upon Demand of the Inspector, shall within a reasonable Time furnish him with a Plan, to be kept secret by such Inspector, of those Parts of such Works in which the Decomposition of Salt or other Process causing the Evolution of Muriatic Acid Gas Or the Condensation thereof is carried omit shall be lawful for the Inspector or any Sub-Inspector under his Direction, but so as not to interfere with the Process of the Manufacture, to apply any Tests or make any Experiments he may think proper for the Purpose Of ascertaining the Efficiency of the Condensing Apparatus, or the Quantity of Gas condensed; and the Owner or Agent of the Works shall be deemed to be guilty of an Offence against this Act unless he renders to the said Inspector or Sub-Inspector all necessary Facilities for their Entry, Examination, and Testing.

10. Every Inspector and Sub-Inspector appointed under this Act shall be paid such Salary Salarfe* of In-as may be determined by the Board of Trade, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury. inspect©

U. Every Person who wilfully obstructs any Inspector or Sub-Inspector in the Execution of this Act, and every Owner of any Alkali Work who refuses or neglects to afford to the Inspector or Sub-Inspector the Facilities necessary for making any Entry, Inspection,

Examination, or Testing under this Act, or who neglects or wilfully violates any Provision of this Act, for the Neglect or Violation of which no other Penalty is by this Act imposed, shall be guilty of an Offence within the Meaning of this Act, and shall for every such Offence incur a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

12. The Inspector shall, on or before the First Day of March in every Tear, make a Inspector to

Report in Writing to the Board of Trade of his Proceedings during the preceding Year, and Par"

a Copy of such Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament *

Special Rules.

13. The Owner of any Alkali Work may, with the Sanction of the Board of Trade, Power to make, alter, or repeal Special Rules for the Guidance of such of his Workmen a& are employed in any Process causing the Evolution of Muriatic Acid Gas, or whose Duty special Rules.6 it is to attend to the Apparatus used in the Condensation of that Gas, and may annex Penalties to any Violation of such Rules, so that no Penalty exceeds Two Pounds for any

One Offence.

A printed Copy of the Special Rules in force in any Alkali Work shall be given by the Owner of the Work to every Person working or employed in or about that Work affected thereby.

Penalties.

14. The following Regulations shall be enacted with respect to the Recovery in England As to Recovery

of Penalties for Offences other than Offences against a Special Rule: fnP^ti^in

Every such Penalty shall be recovered by Action in the County Court having Juris- otfrer^an* diction in the District in which the Alkali Works are situate in respect of which the Ofiencea Penalty arises: <:

The Action shall be brought, with the Sanction of the Board of Trade; by the Inspector *>p8cial (e* appointed under this Act, within Thrfee Months after the Commission of the Oflfeiice, and for the Purposes of such Action the Penalty shall be deemed to be a Debt due to such Inspector: i h; f

The Plaintiff in any Action for a Penalty under this Act shall be presumed torbe1 the Inspector appointed under this Act, until the contrary is proved by the Defendant i 1

The

General Penalties on Violation of Act

638 26" & 27* VICTORIES, c. 124.

The Court may, upon the Application of either Party, appoint a Person to taka down in Writing the Evidence of the Witnesses, and may award to that Person such Compensation as the Court thinks just:

The Amount of Compensation awarded by the Judge shall be deemed to be Costs in the Cause:

If either Party in any Action for a Penalty under this Act feels aggrieved by the Decision of the Court in Point of Law, or on the Merits, or in respect of the Admission or Rejection of any Evidence, he may appeal from that Decision to any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster:

The Appeal shall be in the Form of a Special Case to be agreed upon by both Parties or their Attornies, and if they cannot agree, to be settled by the Judge of the County Court upon the Application of the Parties or their Attornies:

The Court of Appeal may draw any Inferences from the Facts stated in the Case that a Jury might draw from Facts stated by Witnesses:

Subject to the Provisions of this Section, all the Enactments, Rules, and Orders relating to Proceedings in Actions in County Courts, and to enforcing Judgments in County Courts, and Appeals from Decisions of the County Court Judges, and to the Conditions of such Appeals, and to the Power of the Superior Courts on such .Appeals, shall apply to an Action for a Penalty under this Act, and to an Appeal from such Action, in the same Manner as if such Action and Appeal related to a Matter within the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court:

Within the City of London and the Liberties thereof the Sheriffs Court, established by a Local Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-one, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands within the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall be deemed to be the County Court having Jurisdiction in the Case.

As to Recovery 15. In Scotland any Offence under this Act, with the Exception of Offences against

of general a Special Rule, shall be prosecuted at the Instance of the Inspector, with the Sanction ScoSand8.m Boar(l of Trade, before the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of the County in which the Offence has been committed, and the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute having Cognisance of such Offence may award Costs to either Party, and may sentence the Offender to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Six Months, unless the Penalty and Costs be, previously paid; and any Decision or Sentence of such Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute shall fee subject to Review and Appeal according to Law.

As to Recovery 16* In Ireland all Penalties incurred under this Act, with the Exception of Penalties

Pemdttesin a Special Rule, may be recovered by Civil Bill at the Instance of the Inspector,

Ireland. with the Sanction of the Board of Trade, in the Manner and with the Appeal directed by an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, or any Act or Acts amending the Law relating to Civil Bills.

Application of 17. AU Penalties recovered under this Act, except in respect of Offences against a Penalties. Special Rule, shall be paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury may determine.

As to Recovery of Penalties for Offences against Special

Rule.

18. All Penalties incurred under this ct in respect of any Offence against a Special Rule may be recovered summarily in England and Ireland before Two or more Justices; as to England, in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same; as to Ireland, in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings of Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, or any Act amending the same; and in Scotland> before

the

639

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, o. 124, 125.

the Sheriff or Two Justices, in manner directed by " The Railways Clauses Consolidation,

Scotland, Act, 1845," with respect to Penalties imposed by that Act, the Recovery of which is not otherwise provided for,

19. This Act shall continue in force to the First Day of July One thousand eight Term of Act. hundred and sixty-eight, and no longer.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repeating certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force dr have become unnecessary.

[28th July 1863.]

WHEREAS, with a view to the Revision of the Statute Law and particularly tb the ' Preparation of a revised Edition of the Statutes, it is expedient that certain Enact- taCnts (mentioned in the Schedule to this Act) which have ceased to be in force otherwise

than by express and specific Repeal, or have, by Lapse of Time and Change of Oircum-f stances, become unnecessary, should be expressly and specifically repealed

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the Exceptions in the Schedule mentioned:

Provided, that where any Enactment not comprised in the Schedule has been confirmed, revived, or perpetuated by any Enactment hereby repealed, such Confirmation, Revivor, or,

Perpetuation shall not be affected by such Repeal;

and the Repeal by this Act of any Enactment shall not affect any Act in which such Enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to;

and this Act shall not affeot the Validity or Invalidity of anything already done or ' s

suffered, — or any Right or Title already acquired or accrued, or any Remedy or Proceeding in respect thereof, — or the Proof of any past Act or Thing;

nor shall this Act affect any Principle or Rule of Law or Equity, or established Jurisdiction, Form or Course of Pleading, Practice, or Procedure, or existing Usage, Franchise,

Liberty, Custom, Privilege, Restriction, Exemption, Office, or Appointment, notwithstanding that the same respectively may have been in any Manner affirmed, recognized, or derived by, in, or from any Enactment hereby repealed;

nor shall this Act revive or restore any Jurisdiction, Office, Duty, Franchise, Liberty,

Custom, Privilege, Restriction, Exemption, Usage, or Practice, not now existing or m force.

2. This Act shall extend to England only. Extent of Act.

[Short Title.]

3. Lhis Act may be cited as The Statute Law Revision Act, 1863.

Enactments in' Schedule repealed, subject to Exceptions, and with Savings for past Operations, existing Eights, Ac.

640

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

SCHEDULE.

This Schedule is to be read as referring to the Edition prepared under the Direction of the Record Commission, intituled " The Statutes of the Realm; printed by Command " of His Majesty King George the Third, in pursuance of an Address of the House " of Commons of Great Britain. From original Records and authentic Manuscripts." The Dates and Titles of the Statutes and Acts are taken from that Edition; the Chapters (before the Division into separate Acts) are described by the marginal Abstracts, and the Enactments cited in terms are cited from the Translation into English, or the original English, given in that Edition.

The Repeal by the present Act of a part of a Statute or Act set out or referred to in the Terms of the Translation given in that Edition is to operate on the original Latin or Norman-French of which the Translation is set out or referred to, as if the Original itself were in like manner set out or referred to.

A Description or Citation of a portion of a Statute or Act is inclusive of the Words, Section, or other part first or last mentioned, or otherwise referred to as forming the beginning, or as forming the end, of the portion comprised in the Description or Citation.

The Edition of Ruffhead referred to is that by Serjeant Runnington, 1786.

Henry III.

20 Hen. 3. — Provisiones de Merton -1 .

The Provisions of Merton /in 5

c. 3. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 7. c. 8.

c. 11. 20 Hen. 3.

Punishment in cases of Redisseisin. Proceedings by the Sheriff in such Cases. Usuries shall not run against Minors.

Unlawful Marriage of Heirs; if under Fourteen 5 if of that Ago, or above. Disparagement of Wards in Marriage.

Refusal of Heirs to marry.

Limitation of Writs. Writ of Right. Writs of Mortdauncestor, &c. Writs of Novel Disseisin.

Trespassers in Parks, Ac.

(!) — Statutum Hibernie de Coheredibus.

The Statute of Ireland concerning Coparceners.

37 Hen. 3. (2) — Sententia Excommunication is Lata in Transgressores Cartarum.

The Sentence of Curse given by the Bishops, against the Breakers of the Charters (8).

43 Hen. 3. (4) — D' P'visionib3 f'cis p* Rege % Consiliu suu.

Provisions made by the King and his Council.

(>) 14 Hen. 3. in Ruff head's Edition. (*) 38 Hen. 3. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(>) Inclusive of the Instrument (Protestatio Regis et Magnatum) printed in note (a) 1 Stats, of the Realm, 7., but not in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) Not in Ruffhead's Edition.

26" & 2r VICTORIA, c. 125.

51 & 52 Hen. 3. (*) — Dictum de Kenilworth.

The Award made between the King and his Commons at Kenilworth (2).

52 Hen. 3<

c. 6.

c. 7. c. 8. c.U. c. 12 *

c. 13. c. 16.

c. 22. c. 24.

c. 26. c. 27.

c. 29.

-Statutum de Marleberge -1 . M mdlf

The Statute of Marlborough /

Fraudulent Conveyances shall not deprive Lords of their Wardships. Process and Trial to avoid such Conveyances. Saving of Suits to Feoffees. Damages and Costs upon Malicious Suits by Lords.

Of the Writ of Ward and Process thereon. Saving for Heirs within Age.

Of Persons taken for Redisseisin.

No Fines for Beaupleader.

Of Days in Court; in Dower; of Days in Court in Darrein Presentment, and Quare Impedit. Process in Quare Impedit. Process upon Attachments.

Of Essoins after Issue joined: Proceedings on Default.

The Heir's Remedy after Wardship for Lands withholden. Simple Seisin only shall be taken of an Heir of full Age. The King shall have Printer Seisin, of Lands holden of him in chief.

Compelling Freeholders to answer, &c.

Concerning the Attendance of those of 12 Years old on Inquests.

Of the Youchee to Warranty's Appearance in Court.

Of a Clerk's Bail, on his refusing to answer.

Writ of Entry in the Post

Edward I.

3 Ed. 1. — Les premers Estate de Westmuster

The Statutes of Westminster; The First

in part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 3. c. 4.

For the maintaining Peace and Justice. For the Ease of Religious Houses. Purveyance of Victual. Purveyance for Carriage. Penalty on Offenders. Action by the Party for the King. Process against Offenders. No Suit for denying lodging. To whom the Act shall extend. Prelates, &c. restrained in lodging any. Sending Servants, &c. to lodge. Sheriff's Retinue.

No Fines for Escapes before Judgment.

Wreck. Custody of Goods wrecked; for the Owner; for the King. Penalty on Offenders,

c. 7. c. 8. c. 12. c. 14. c. 17.

Purveyance for Castles.

Beaupleader.

Felons refusing to plead.

Proceedings in Appeal against Principal and Accessary.

The Remedy if a Distress be impounded in a Castle or Fortress. Wales.

Marches of

c. 18.

.22.

c. 23. c. 27. c. 30. c. 32.

c. 33.

Assessing of common Fines on the County.

Marriage of Wards. Marriage of Female Wards. Penalty on such Wards refusing Marriage.

Distress for Debts in Cities, &c. against Strangers.

Extortion by Clerks of Justices, &c.

Extortion by Officers of Courts.

Defaults of Purveyors. Purchasing the King's Debts., Purveyance of Horses and Carts.

Barretors in County Courts.

O 51 Hen. 3. in Raff head's Edition (Appendix).

(*) Inclusive of the Instruments printed 1 Stats, of the Realm, 18, and intituled respectively u Explanacio diet! de Kemllworthe " and " Addicio Died de Kenillworthe."

26 & 27 VICT.

4.M

642

c. 36. c. 37. c. 38, c. 39. c. 40.

c. 41. c. 42. c. 43. c. 44. o. 45. c. 46. c. 47. c. 48. c. 49. c. 51.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, o. 125.

Aids for Knighthood and Marriage.

Disseisin with Robbery $ or by Force.

Attaints in Real Actions.

Limitation of Prescription.

Vouchers to Warranty. In Writs of Entry no Voucher out of the Line. Couu terpleading to Voucher in Writ of Right.

Champion's Oath in a Writ of Right.

No Essoin after Appearance.

Of Essoins by Parceners, &c.

Essoin of Ultra Mare.

Process to compel Appearance. Estreats of Issues.

Order of hearing Pleas.

Nonage of Heirs in Disseisins.

Unlawful Feoffment of Lands in Ward. Suit of Procliein Amy.

Plea in Dower.

Time of taking certain Assises enlarged.

4 Ed. 1. — Statutum de Bigamis.

The Statute of Bigamy.

4 Ed. l.(l) — Statutf de Justic' assign'; q'd vocatr Rageman.

A Statute concerning Justices being assigned; called Rageman.

6 Ed. 1. — Statuta Gloucestr' - -1 .

The Statutes of Gloucester / m Part namel7>-

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 6. c. 7. c. 9.

The Part preceding Chapter One; namely, —

Franchises claimed may be used till Trial had. Proceedings on Claims to Franchises. Seiser of Franchises on Non-appearance. Exception for Want of Original Writ. Proceedings on Claim of Franchises by Seisin of Ancestors. Form of Writ Proceedings on such Writ. Complaint against Bailiffs.

No Delay for Nonage of the Demandant.

Alienation by Tenant in Curtesy, void.

Remedy by Cessavit against a Tenant in Fee-farm.

One Writ of Mortdauncestor for divers Heirs.

Writ of Entry in Casu proviso upon Alienation of Dower.

No Writ out of Chancery in certain Cases of Homicide. Of Appeals in Cases of Homicide.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15.

One Essoin for Man and Wife.

Feigned Recovery in London against a Termor. Vouching a Foreigner in London.

Waste restrained pending Suit.

Damages upon Disseisins in London.

Of Breach of Aissise in London.

6 Ed. 1. — Exposition of the Statute of Gloucester.

9 Ed. 1. — Articulus Statuti GlouS p Dnm E. quondam Regem Angf, prem Regis nunc, anno regni sui nono, & consilium suu, correctus g Civibj London de Forinsecis vocatis ad Warautum in Hustengo London.

An Article of the Statute of Gloucester by our Sovereign Lord Edward, formerly King of England, Father of the now King, in the Ninth Year of his Reign, and by his Council, corrected for the Citizens of London, touching the vouching of Foreigners to Warranty in the Hustings in London.

(') In Ruffhead's Edition placed among the Statutes of Uncertain Date.

643

11 Ed. 1. — 13 Ed. 1. —

c. 8.

c. 4.

c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 9.

c. 12.

c. 16. c. 17. c. 20. c. 21. c. 24.

c. 25.

c. 26.

c. 27. c. 28. c. 38.

c. 40. .43.

c. 44.

c. 48.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

Statut' de Mercatorib3.

The Statute of Merchants.

Statuta Reg' Edwardi edita apud Westmofl in Parleamento\ suo Pasch' Anno Regni sui T'ciodecimo: — xiij0 - I Statutes of King Edward, made at Westminster in his >in part; namely, — Parliament, at Easter, in the Thirteenth Year of his I Reign ---- -J

A Oni in vita for the Wife, where her deceased Husband lost by Default. Receipt of the Wife upon the Husband's Default. Receipt of him in the Reversion.

The Wife endowable of Land recovered against her Husband by Default, &c. Remedy for Tenants for Life, &c. who lose their Land by Default. Writ for the Heir on Dower recovered during his Minority. Writ of Dower, after Dower lost by Default. Writs for other particular Tenants after Default. For Tenant in Frankmarriage. For Tenant for Life; For Tenant in Tail.

The Penalty where the Vouchee denieth his Warranty. A Venire facias at the Demandant's Request.

Admeasurement of Dower for Guardian or Heir. Process thereon: and in Admeasurement of Pasture.

The Remedy upon a second Overcharge of Pasture. Writs de Secunda Super-oneratione shall be inrolled. And Writs of Redisseisin.

The Writ of Mesne, and new Process therein. The Mesne forejudged of his Fee and Services in default of Appearance. The Tenant holding by less Service than the Mesne doth. Proceedings when the Mesne doth appear. Damages in a Writ of Mesne. The Tenants may have Warranty of the Mesne, &c. For what Mesne Tenants this Statute is ordained.

Punishment of an Appellor for a false Appeal. A Year's Imprisonment. Inquiry of Abettors, of Appeals and their Punishment. No Essoin for the Appellor.

Priority of Feoffment giveth Title of Wardship.

Of the Essoin De malo lecti.

The Tenant's Answer in a Writ of Cosinage, Aiel, and Besaiel.

Writ of Cessavit for Services in Arrear. For the Heir against Heir, or Alienee.

Writs in consimili Casu. Quod permittat by Successor of a Parson. Juris utrum by one Church against another. The Clerks in Chancery shall devise Writs in consimili Casu.

Of what Things an Assise of Novel disseisin shall lie, whereof it lay not before. Remedy on Alienation by Tenant for years, or in Ward. Penalty for failing of an Exception pleaded by Defendant; Double Damages, and Imprisonment. Proceedings on pleading Exceptions by a Bailiff. In what Case a Certificate of Assise doth lie. Proceedings on Deeds not pleaded by reason of Defendant's Absence. Sheriff's Fee.

Double Damages in Writs of Redisseisin. Writs of Redisseisin on Recovery by Default, &c.

Essoin after Issue, but none after Day given, Prece partium.

No Essoin for Demandant.

How many and what Sort of Persons shall be returned in Juries or Petit Assises. Exception, as to great Assises. Sheriffs or Officers offending.

A Woman's Suit not deferred by the Minority of the Heir.

Hospitallers and Templars shall draw no Man into Suit belonging to the King's ' Court.

The Fees of Porters and Vergers. Cyrographers. Clerks writing original WritB. Punishment of Offenders.

In what Cases a View of Land is grantablo.

(*) Otherwise the Statute of Acton Bumel.

4 M 2

64^ '

26°A 27° VICTORIA:, c. 125.

13 Ed. 1. — Statutum Mercatorum.

The Statute of Merchants.

i

13 Ed. 1Statutu Circumspect Agatis, _;

The Statute of Circumspecte Agatis / 5

(1) So much of the Provision beginning "And for laying," and ending

"an Oath," as relates to laying violent Hands on a Clerk, and to Cause of Defamation.

(2) From " And if any lay violent Hands to the end of the Statute.

13 Ed. 1. — Forma Confirmationis Cartarum.

The Form of Confirmation of Charters.

..I ...

20 Ed 1. — D* presentib3 vocatis ad Warantu.

Of Persons vouched to Warranty who are Present.

20 Ed. 1. — Statu turn de Vasto.

A Statute of Waste.

20 Ed. 1. — Statutum de defensione Juris.

The Statute of defending Right.

20 Ed. l.(!) — Statute of Writs for making Inquisitions of Lands to be put in Mortmain. 20 Ed. l.(2) — A Statute of amortising Lands.

25 Ed. l.(3) — Magna Carta de lib'tatibs Angl *, % de lib'tatib3 Foreste co'firmata a R. Edwardo; Anno r' sui vicesimo q*nto

The Great Charter of the Liberties of England, and of the f 9

Liberties of the Forest; Confirmed by King Edward in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Reign

Reliefs; of Earls, Barons, Knights.

Wardship. Infant made Knight.

Waste during Wardship. Sale or Gift of Wardship.

Sustaining Lands in Wardship. Custody of Spiritual Dignities.

Marriage of Heirs.

Assises of Darrein presentment.

Purveyance for a Castle.

Castle Ward.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 13. c. 19. c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 24.

c. 27.

c. 28.

c. 31.

c. 33.

c. 34.

c. 36.

c. 37. in part.

Purveyance for Carriage.

Writ of Praecipe.

Where the King shall not have Wardship.

Wager of Law.

Baronies escheated to the King. Wardship therein.

Custody of vacant Abbies.

Appeal of Death by a Woman.

Fraudulent Gifts in Mortmain.

Escuage. General Saving. Observance of these Liberties. Subsidy, in respect of this Charter and Charter of the Forest; —

Except from " Reserving " to the end.

25 Ed. 1. (f) — Sententia lata super Confirmations Cartarum.

The Sentence of the Clergy given on the Confirmation of the Charters.

O 1° Euffhead's Edition placed among the Statutes of Uncertain Date.

(2) 34 Ed. 1. Stat. 3. in Huffhead's Edition. (8) 9 Hen. 3. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(4) 25 Ed. 1, Stat. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.

645

26»A 27" iVMDTQItJJE, 125.

27 Ed- 1. — Statu turn de Finibus Levatis-1 .

The Statute of Fines levied - j in Part; namev >

The enacting Part preceding Chapter One.

c. 1. Exception to a Fine, that the Demandant was always seised, shall not be admitted. Fines shall be read in open Court.

c. 2. How Sheriffs shall be charged with Issues. Sheriffs shall make Tallies of Payments. Return of Mainpernors, Jurors, and Pledges. One Baron shall yearly inroll Payments in every County; and hear Complaints against Sheriffs.

28 Ed. 1.-c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 4.

c. 7.

c. 8.

Articuli super Cartas 1 .,

Articles upon the Charters j ia ruune^r '

Confirmation of the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest. Commissioners to enquire of Offences done contrary to the Charters. Officers shall be attendant upon the Commissioners.

Purveyors. What they shall take. Payment thereof. Purveyors to show their Warrant; to take no more than is needful; to answer for Things taken. Punishment for undue Purveyance. Taking without Warrant, Felony. Purveyances made for the King's Wardrobe. Saving as to antient Prises.

No Common Pleas in the Exchequer.

Of the Jurisdiction of the Constable of the Castle of Dover.

Election of Sheriffs.

c. 9. c. 14.

c. 15. c. 17. c. 18.

How Juries are to be impanelled.

Of farming Bailiwicks and Hundreds.

Summons and Attachments in Plea of Land.

Statute of Winchester enforced.

Remedy against Escheators for Wastes in Wardships.

28 Ed. 1. — Statutum de Appellatis.

A Statute for Persons appealed.

34 Ed. 1. — Statutum de conjunctim Fcoffatis 1 ._

The Statute of Joint-Tenants - /

Except from " Forasmuch also as Pleas " to the end.

35 Ed. 1. — Statutum Karlioli.

The Statute of Carlisle (*).

Edward II.

2 Ed. 2. (2) — De Prisis injust* non capiend* a Viris Ecclesiastic' seu aliis.

Of the not taking undue Prises from Ecclesiastical Persons or others.

3 Ed. 2. — Statutum apud Staunford.

The Statute of Stamford.

9 Ed. 2. Stat. 1. — Articuli Cleri -

Articles for the Clergy Statute the First

in part; namely, —

c. 4.

Defamation.

c. 10. c. 11.

c. 12.

Protection of Persons fleeing unto the Church and abjuring the Realm. Religious Houses not to be unduly charged with Corodies, Pensions, &c. The King's Tenant excommunicate not privileged.

Q Statutum de Apportis Religiosorum, in Ruff head's Edition. (3) Not in Ruffhead's Edition.

649

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 1, 5. A Clerk shall not be compelled to abjure.

c. 16. The Privilege of the Church shall not be denied to a Clerk becoming an Approver.

10 Ed. 2. (* *) — Do Statuto p' Clero inviolabilit' obs'vad.

Of inviolably observing the Statute for the Clergy.

12 Ed. 2. — Statutu Eborac* -1 .

The Statute of York J m Part» namel*"

c. 1. Tenants in Novel disseisin may make Attorney. Pleading by Bailiffs.

c. 2. Inquests shall not be delayed by the absence of Witnesses to Deeds.

14 Ed. 2. — Statutum Westm' iiij.

The Statute of Westminster $ the Fourth. (2)

16 Ed. 2. — Statutum de forma mittendi Extractas ad Scaccarium.

A Statute for Estreats of the Exchequer.

l7Ed.2.Stat.l.(*) — Ordinacio de Statu T'ro HibV f*ca.

Ordinance made for the State of the Land of Ireland.

Statute the First.

Statutes of Uncertain Date.

C. I.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

c. 6. oc. 7, 8. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19.

Les Estatu* del Eschekere - -1 .

The Statutes of the Exchequer (4) /

All Bailiffs, &c. shall account in the Exchequer.

At what Time they shall account.

How Bailiffs of Franchises shall account.

Accounts of the Justice of Chester and Bailiffs of the Isles.

Sheriffs (except in five Counties) shall keep the King's Wards and Escheat their Shires.

Three Surveyors of Wards, &c. Wards and Escheats let to Farm.

Foreign Sheriffs Escheators in the five excepted Shires. (5)

Duty of the Surveyors.

Collectors of the Customs on Wools.

Keeper of the Wardrobe.

Order of accounting.

Deputy Officers in the Exchequer.

Deputy Officers shall be sworn. Punishment of Officers for Misconduct.

Offences shall be certified.

Yearly Search as to deficient Accountants.

Surveyors of the King's Works, to prevent false Allowances, &c.

Estreats of Fines and Amerciaments shall be delivered into the Exchequer.

Also, the following portions of the Provisions inserted between c. 18. and c. 14., and headed Districciones de Scaceario (6); namely, — .

(1) From " And if any bring " to " Pledges."

(2) From w Howbeit " to " Receipt."

AsBisa Panis et Cerviaie.

The Assise of Bread and Ale. (7)

0) 3 Ed. 2. in Ruff head's Edition. (2) Statutum de Viceoomitibus et alils de viridi cera, in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) 17 Ed. 1. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 51 Hen. 3. Stats. 4. and 5. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Inclusive of the pert relating to the Justices of Chester and their Bailifft.

(*) 51 Hen. 3. Stat 4. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 61 Hen. 8. Stat. 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

647

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. (!«) c. 5. (l6) c. 6. (") c. 7. (17) c. 8. (17)

Statutum de Pistoribus, &c. -1 .

Statute concerning Bakers, &c. J '

Except from "The Toll of a Mill" to " and if they do otherwise, they shall be grievously punished." (i)

Assisa de Ponderibj et Mensuris.

The Assise of Weights and Measures. (2)

De dimissione [seu divisione] denariorum. (3)

Statutum de Admensuratione Terre *

Statute for the Measuring of Laud. (4)

Compositio Ulnarum & Perticarum. (5)

Dies Communes de Banco.

General Days in Bank. (6)

Dies Communes de Dote.

General Days in Dower. (7)

Prohibitio formata de Statu to Articuli Cleri.

A Prohibition made upon the Articles of the Clergy.

Les Estatuj de Excestre.

The Statutes of Exeter. (8)

Statut' sup' Vie' % elicos suos.

Statute concerning the Sheriff and his Clerks. (9)

Modus Levandi Fines.

The Manner of levying of Fines. (10)

Statut* de finibj et attornatis.

Statute concerning Fines and Attornies. (!t)

Statutu de Proteccionib3 no alloc'.

Statute against allowing Protections. (12)

Modus calumpniandi Esson'.

The Manner of challenging Essoins. (18)

Statutum de visu ?re; & esson de servicio dni Regis.

Statute for View of Land; And Essoin in the King's Service.

Statutu de magnis Assis' et duellis.

Statute concerning the Great Assises and Battle.

Statutu de Gaveleto in London'.

The Statute of Gavelet in London. (14)

Wardship of Heir of the King's Tenant in Chief.

Marriage of Heir of the King's Tenant.

Primer Seisin of Land of the King's Tenant.

Assignment of Dower to Widows of King's Tenants. Of their Marriage. Marriage of Heiresses.

Homage for Lands, holden of the King, descending to Coparceners. Wardship of Women married under Age.

Alienation of Lands holden in Chief.

0) The excepted part forms Chapter 4. In Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) 31 Ed. 1., Tractates de Ponderibus et Mensuris, in Bnffhead's Edition.

(*) 1 Stats, of the Realm, 204, n. |; 1 Bullhead, 189. (4) 33 Ed. 1. Stat. 6. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(6) 1 Stats, of the Realm, 206, n. *. () 51 Hen. 3. Stat 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(7) 51 Hen. 3. Stat 3. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(8) 14 Ed. 1., in two Instruments, respectively intituled "Statutum Exonie" and "Articuli Statuti Exonie," in Roffhead's Edition.

(9) Not in Ruffhead's Edition. (10) 18 Ed. 1. Stat 4. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(u) 15 Ed. 2., Statutum de Ca^eol. de Einibus, in Ruffhead's Edition. (>'-) 33 Ed. 1. Stat 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(w) 12 Ed. 2. Stat 2. in Ruffhead's Edition. (M) 10 Ed. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(I5) 17 Ed. 2. Stat 1. in Ruffhead's Edition* (lfi) These two Chapters form Chapter 4. in Bnffhead's Edition.

(17) These three Chapters form Chapters 5. and 6. in Ruffhead's Edition,

648

26">& 270 VICTORIAE, -c. 125.

c. 9.(0 c. 14. (2) c. 15. (0

Alienation of Serjeanties.

Escheats of Lands descended to Aliens.

Intrusion of the King's Tenant before Homage.

Modus faciendi Homagium % Fidelitatem -1 .

The Manner of doing Homage and Fealty (4) J

Except from " When a Freeman shall do Fealty " to the end.

Statutu de respectu Milit' h'endo.

Statute for respiting of Knighthood. (5)

Statuta Armorum.

The Statutes of Arms.

Statutu de Sacnam'to Mi'stror' Reg'.

Statute for Oaths of the King's Officers in the Eyre. (6)

Capitula Itineris.

The Articles of the Eyre. (0 Capitula Escaetrie.

Articles of the Office of Escheator. (8)

Extenta Manerii.

For Extending or Surveying a Manor. (9)

Articuli Inquisic' super Statut' Wynton'.

Articles of Inquiry, upon the Statute of Winchester. (10)

Le S'ement du Visconte.

The Oath of the Sheriff. (n)

Forma Juramenti' illor' de cons' R.

Form of the Oath of those of the King's Council. (a)

Juramentu' Ep'or'.

The Oath of the Bishops. (8)

Jur amen turn Escaetorum.

The Oath of Eschaetors. (8)

Abjuratio et jur amentum Latronum.

The Abjuration and Oath of Thieves. (8)

in

>in part; namely, —

Edwakd III.

1 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. — Statuta f'ca apud Westm in P'liamento R. EdwardT T'cii post Conquestore anno r. sui p*mo -

Statutes made at Westminster; In the Parliament of \ .

K. Edward, The Third, after the Conqueror; In The j First Year of his Reign - -I

Statute the First - -J

c. 6. An Attaint as well upon the Principal, as upon the Damages, in Trespass.

c. 7. Inquiry concerning Gaolers compelling Prisoners to appeal.

1 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. — Statute the Second. In part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 2. in part.

Confirmation of the Charters. Perambulations of Forests.

House-boot & Hey-boot within the Forest. Seising of Bishops' Temporalties: Except from the beginning to " Foresters."

(') Chapter 7. in Rufffield's Edition. (*) Chapter 12. in Ruff head's Edition.

(s) Chapter 13. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 17 Ed. 2. Stat. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(5) 1 Ed. 2. Stat. 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

() Articuli et Sacramenta Ministrorum Regis in Itinere Justiciariorum, in Ruffhead's Edition.

O Inclusive of the part headed " Incipiunt Capitula Nova," &c. No part of this Instrument is in Ruffhead's Edition. (8) N<4 in Ruffhead's, Edition. (9) 4 Ed. 1. Stat 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(, 0> 34 Ed. 1. Stat. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition. (») This follows 34 Ed. 1. Stat. 5. in Ruffhead's Edition.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 15.

26* & 27 «. 125.

The late King's Pardon of Issues and Amerciaments; The Jews Debts pardoned.

King's Debts shall be paid according to the Debtors Estates.

Of Military Service.

Abuses in taxing Aids to the King.

Charges in the Conveyance of Soldiers.

Stat. Marlb., 52 Hen. 3. chapter 11. confirmed.

The King's Demand of Corodies, &c.

Prohibition to the Spiritual Court in Suits against Indictors for Defamation. Fine for Alienation of Lands holden of the King.

Purchasing of Lands holden of the King as of some Honour.

None shall be bound by Writing to come with Ar&s to the King.

2 Ed. 3. — Statutu editu apud Norh't ', anno r. R. E. t'cii post con-questu sc'do -Statute made at Northampton; In of the Reign of K. Edward the Conquest -

the Second Year Third after the

I

in part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 2. in part.

c. 6. c. 7. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. c. 13. c. 17.

The Charters.

Pardons for Felony. Justices of Assise and Gaol-delivery. Oyers and Terminers:—

From " It is ordained" to "Misfortune."

The Statute of Wynton, 13 Edw. I. confirmed, &e.

Justices assigned to enquire of Felonies, Robberies, &c.

All Staples shall cease.

Pardon of Fines for Writs in Chancery.

The Common Bench not to be removed without Warning.

Trespass in the late King's Time.

Writ of Deceit.

5

4 Ed. 3. — Statutu editu apud Westm, anno regni R. E. t'cii post conquest' quarto -Statute made at Westminster; In the Fourth Year of the Reign of K. Edward the Third after the Conquest

c. 1. Charters and Statutes confirmed.

c. 3. Purveyance.

c. 4. The Statute 28 Ed. L c. 2. touching Purveyors, confirmed, c. 5. Pardon for certain Fines and Grants, c. 6. The Statute 35 Ed. I. St. 1. confirmed, c. 10. Sheriffs and Gaolers shall receive Offenders without taking anything, c. 12. Wines shall be assayed, and sold at reasonable Prices, c. 13. Confirmation of the Statute 2 E. III. c. 2. touching Pardons, c. 14. Annual Parliaments.

c. 15. Sheriffs shall let their Hundreds for the old Ferm.

in part; namely, —

649

______5 Ed. 3. — Statutu editum apud Westm, anno regni R. Edwardi t'cii

post Conquestum quinto. vto. quinto Statute made at Westminster; In the Fifth Year of the Reign of K. Edward the Third after the Conquest

c. 1. The Chat ters.

c. 2. Purveyance. Recital of Statute 4 Ed. III. c. 3, 4. 28 Ed. I. c. 2. Tallies of t Purveyance. Form of Commissions. Inquests taken in the Marshal's Court.

Error in the Marshal's Court.

26 & 27 Vict. 4 N

j>in part; namely, —

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 3. The Statute 35 Ed. I. st. 1, confirmed, c. 6. Process in Attaint.

c. 7»

Attaint in Trespass, if the Damage pass Forty Shillings.

9 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. — RotuP de Statu to edito apud Ebor'j anno r. r. E. t'cii post Conquestu'l nono . - -I

Roll of The Statute made at York; In the Ninth Year of the Reign >:— of K. Edward, the Third after the Conquest - - [

Statute the First ---- -J

Except Chapter Three. — Executors shall not fourch by Essoin. Process against Executors. Judgment against all, where some only plead.

10 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. — Anno Xmo.

Statute the First.

10 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. — Statute the Second.

11 Ed. 3.

14 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. — Statute the First. In part; namely, —

c. 2, c. 3. c. 4. c. 5.

c. 10. c. 11. c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 15. c. 17. c. 18. c. 19.

c. 20.

c. 21.

The King's Pardon of Chattels of Felons, of Fines, &c.

Pardon of divers Debts, &c. due to the King,

Engleschrie and Presentments thereof abolished.

Commissioners appointed to redress Delays, &c. of Courts of Justice. Adjournment shall be into Parliament in case of Difficulty, Chancellor, Judges, &c. shall take Oaths of Office.

Sheriffs shall have the keeping of the Gaols.

Clerks of Statutes Merchant shall be resident and sufficient.

One Measure and One Weight throughout England. Standards to be sent into every County. Persons shall be assigned to survey Measures; who shall levy the Penalties, &c. Saving for the Clerk of the Market; and Lords of Franchises.

Escheators shall not commit Waste in Lands of the King's Wards. Return of Extent into Chancery. The Next of Kin to the King's Ward may take his Land in Ferm. Action of Waste against the Fermors.

No Pardon for Felony inconsistent with the King's Oath.

Juris Utrum.

Demandant may aver the Death of the Vouchee.

Purveyances for the Royal Houses to be by Warrant. Purveyors to take nothing without the Owner's Consent. Purveyance for the Wars. Purveyance for the King's Horses. Purveyance for the King's Dogs.

A Subsidy granted to the King, of the Ninth Lamb, the Ninth Fleece, and the Ninth Sheep. In Cities and Boroughs of the Ninth Part of all Goods. Elsewhere of the Fifteenth. Poor Persons excepted.

A Subsidy granted to the King on Wool, Woolfolls, and other Merchandise exported, for a certain Period. The old Custom only to be taken afterwards. Exporters of Wool shall give Surety to import Silver in Return. Cocketing Wools. No other Custom shall be levied but by assent of Parliament.

14 Ed. 8. Stat, 2. — Statute the Second,

14 Ed. 3. Stat. 4. — Statute the Fourth.

15 Ed. 3, Stat 2, — Statute the Second.

15 Ed. 3. Stat. 3. — Statute the Third.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

18 Ed, 3. Stat. 2. — Ordinac'des in P'liamento apud Westm anno regni D'ni" E. Regie Angl' % Franc ', videl't Angl' decimo octavo % Franc' quinto tento Fee -Ordinances made in the Parliament holden at Westminster, in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Edward, King of England and of France, to wit, of England the Eighteenth, and of France the Fifth -Statute the Second -

>in part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 3. c. 4 *

c. 6.

c. 7.

Grant to the King of Two Fifteenths and Two Tenths; by the Commons.

Commissions of new Inquiries repealed; Saving for Indictments for certain Offences already commenced.

All Persons may buy Wools. The Sea open to all Merchants.

Commissions to assay Weights and Measures repealed. Commissioners to account.

New Money. Gold and Silver to be coined at York, &c. Places of Exchange. Exchanges ascertained.

Confirmation of the Statutes regulating Purveyance; and the Court of the Marshalsea. Pay of Soldiers.

18 Ed. 3. Stat. 3. — Ordinac'5es in P'liamento apud Westm anno regni D'ni*'1 E. Regis Angl Franc ', videl't Angl' decimo octavo % Franc' quinto tento fee -

Ordinances made in the Parliament holden at West- I minster, in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign j Lord Edward, King of England and of France, to wit, of England the Eighteenth, and of Franco the Fifth -Statute the Third -

in part; namely, —

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 7.

Exemption of the Clergy from Purveyance.

Commissions, to enquire of Spiritual Judges, repealed.

No Scire facias against a Clerk for Dismes. Saving of the King's Right.

20 Ed. 3. — Ordinance for the Justices. In part; namely, —

c. 5. | Lords and Great Men shall put away Maintainors of Quarrels.

23 Ed. 3. — The Statute of Labourers.

25 Ed. 3. Stat. 2.(-) — Statuta in P'liamento tento apud Westffi, in Octavis Purificac'ois b'e Marie Virginia anno regni D'ni Edwardi Regis Anglie % Francie, Angl' videlicet vicesimo quinto, regni vero sui Francie duodecimo.

Statutes in the Parliament holden at Westminster, In the Octave of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary; in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Edward King of England and of France, to wit of England the Twenty-fifth, and of his Reign of France the Twelfth.

Statute the Second.

25 Ed. 3. Stat. 8.(8) — Statute the Third.

25 Ed. 3. Stat. 5, — Statutu apud Westffi in P'liamento in festo S'ci Hillarii anno regni Regis E. t'cii vicesimo q*nto tento, f'em A Statute made at Westminster; In the Parliament holden in the Feast of Saint Hilary; In the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of K. Edward the Third Statute the Fifth -

in part; namely, —

c. 1.

Corn shall be taken by Purveyors by Measure striked. Things taken by Purveyors shall be appraised at the very Value. Tallies of the Goods taken. Punishment for undue Purveyance under Stat. 5 E. III. c. 2. Purveyors' Commissions shall be under the Great or Privy Seal.

05

0) Inclusive of the Conclusion of this Ordinance printed 1 Stats, of the Realm, 309, being Chapter 8. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Stat. 1. in Ruff head's Edition. (*) Stat. 4. in Ruffhead'a Edition.

4 N 2

I t, 1

c. 6.

c. 8.

c. 9. c. 10.

c. 11, c. 12. c. 18. C- 15.

16. c. 18.

c. 19.

c. 20. c. 21.

c. 23.

& 27" VICTORIA, 4.125.

Purveyors shall not take Trees about the Mansion.

No finding of Men of Anns, but by Tenure, or Grant in Parliament.

Auncel Weight abolished. Goods shall be weighed by Balance.

Magna Carta, chapter 25., respecting Measures recited and enforced. Justices shall inquire of and punish the Offenders. Saving of Franchises.

Aid to make the King's Son Knight, and to marry his Daughter.

None shall take Profit by Exchange of Gold or Silver.

The current Coin shall not be impaired.

The Penalty of Purveyors taking more Sheep before shearing Time than are wanted.

Exception of Nontenure of Parcel.

Villainage may be pleaded, and a Villaine seized, pending a Writ of Libertate probanda.

The King's Debtors suable notwithstanding Protections. Stay of Execution, until Payment of King's Debt; or the Creditors undertake for it.

Plate shall be received at the Mint, and Coin delivered, by Weight.

Abuses by the King's Butlers in Purveyance of Wine. Regulations therein. Punishment of the Butlers.

Companies of Lombards answerable for the Debts of their Fellows.

25 Ed. 3. Stat. 6.(!) — Ordinacio p' Clero Pc'a apud Westm, anno r. R. E. t'cii vicesimo quinto -

An Ordinance for the Clergy, made at Westminster in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of K. Edward III. Statute the Sixth -

in part; namely, —

c. 2. A Repeal of the Statute of 14 Ed. III. Stat. 4. cap. 2. touching the King's Presentation to a Church, in another's Right.

c. 6. Bishop's Temporalties shall not be seized for a Contempt.

26 Ed. 3. Stat. 7. — Statutum de Forma levationis Decime-quinte.

The Statute of the Form of levying of the Fifteenth. Statute the Seventh.

25 Ed. 8. — Articulus g Clero respectuatr usq* gx pliam.

This Article for the Clergy is respited until the next Parliament. (2)

27 Ed. 3. Stat. 1

c. 4.

c. 6.

-Statutu conta adnullatores Judicior' Cur' Regis; fVm

Anno xxvij. - - I

A Statute against Annullers of Judgments of the King's > in part; namely, — Court; made in the Twenty-seventh Year - - I

Statute the First -J

The Mischief resulting from Forfeiture of Cloths not measuring the Assise: the King's Release of such Forfeitures. Cloths under the Assise shall be allowed for in Price. Aulnager's Fee for every Cloth and half Cloth sold. A Subsidy granted to the King of every Cloth. Cloths put to Sale not sealed shall be forfeited.

Merchants may bring their Wines to English Ports.

27 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. — Ordinacio Stapularum.

The Ordinance of the Staples. Statute the Second.

28 Ed* 3. — Statutum de anno vicesimo octavo Reg' E. tercij

The Statute of the Twenty-eighth Year of King in part; namely, — Edward ID.

c. 1. | Charters and Statutes confirmed.

ring in

(') Stat 3. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) This follows Chapter 9. of 25 Ed. 3. Stat, 3. in KufFheod's Edition-

c. 4.

c. 5. c. 8. c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 14.

c. 1^5.

How the King shall bp satisfied of the mean Rates of those Lands which come to his Hands by the Death of his Tenants.

Iron shall not be exported. Price of Iron. '

Attaint given in all Cases of Trespass.

Increase of Murders and Robberies. Confirmation and Amendment of the Statute of Winchester, 13 Edw. I., chapter 1, 2.

Purveyances to the King's Use under xx. s. shall be paid for directly: All others within a Quarter of a Year. i

The Statute of the Staple, 27 Edw. HL* Statute 2, confirmed, with certain Amendments. Warranty of packing of Wools repealed. - JAJ1 Inquests shall be de Medietate Linguae, wherever Aliens are Parties. The Freedom of Alien Merchants secured in coming to England and selling their Goods. Penalty on forestalling Foreign Merchandize. Custodis shall be paid only for Goods sold. I.

Shewing of Wools at the Staple; on what Days; within what Distance of the Staple. Saving of Home-grown Wools.

31

Ed. 3.

Stat. 1. — Statut' editu apud Westm' die Lune p'x' post soptimani' Pasche, Anno xxxj - The Statute made at Westminster, The Monday next after the Feast of Easter, in the thirty-first year Statute the First

in

part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 4.

c. 6. c. 7.

c. 8.

Charters confirmed.

Extortion of Bishop's Officers on Probate of Testaments. The Bishops shall amend the same; or the King's Justices shall enquire thereof.

Fines from Labourers given to Lords of Franchises.

Statute of Labourers extended to London, &c. Justices assigned to try Offences against the Staple.

Exportation of Wool permitted for a limited Time. Refuse of Wool. Contents of Sack and Stone of Wool. Wools brought to the Staple, if not sold within Fifteen Days, may be exported, &c.

c. 10.

The Mayor and Aldermen of London may reform the Defaults of Victuallers there.

c. 12. Error from the Exchequer shall be examined by the Chancellor and Treasurer.

c. 13. The King's Pardon to the Commons of the Escapes and Chattels of Felons. A Grant to the King of a Fifteenth; Free from Queen-gold.

31 Ed. 3. Stat. 4, — Ordinaeio facta p' statu t're Hibn\

An Ordinance made for the Estate of the Land of Ireland. t Statute the Fourth.

anno

in P'liameto tento apud Westm

holden at West-

in part; namely, —

34 Ed. 3. — Statutu fc'm xxxiiijto -A Statute made in the Parliament minster; In the Thirty-fourth Year c. 2. No Purveyance, except for the King, the Queen, and the King's eldest Son. c. 3. When Purveyances, &c. for the Queen, &c. shall be paid for. c. 5. Justices of the Peace shall inquire of Weights and Measures, according to the Statute 25 Edw. III. stat. 5. ch. 9.

c. 7. An Attaint in Plea real.

.i t

c. 9.

c. 10.

c. 11.

Labourers shall not be punished by Fine under the Statute 25 Edw. 3. stat. 2. c. 5 .; but only by Imprisonment; Penalty on bailing them. Carpenters and Masons included. Wages of Carpenters and Masons. Their Conspiracies annulled.

Punishment of fugitive Labourers; Process of Outlawry; Imprisonment; Burning in the Forehead. No Wages on Festivals .;

Mayors and Bailiffs shall deliver up fugitive Labourers.

1: - > .ii -

654

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 16# c. 17. c. 18. c. 19. c. 21.

Nonclailn of Pines shall be no Bar#

Freedom of Trade in Ireland.

English Land-owners in Ireland may import and export from and to England.

No Custom for Canvas to pack Wool in.

Confirmation of a Grant by the King and Council to Denizens to transport Wool beyond Sea.

36 Ed. 3. — Statutum fc'm in p'liamento tento apud Westm; in* quindena Sc'i Mich'is Anno tricesimo sexto A Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster; In the Fifteenth of Saint Michael, in the Thirty-sixth Year -

yin part; namely, —

c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6. c. 7.

c. 9. c. 10. c. 11.

c. 14.

c. 15.

Confirmation of the Great Charter, &c.

Purveyance shall be made only for the King and Queen. Payment in ready Money. Name of Purveyors changed to Buyers. By whom and how Appraisement shall be made. Takings shall be made without Menaces; and where there is plenty. Buyers shall be Men of sufficient Estate; and their Commissions be renewed half-yearly. None bound to obey Buyers without ready Payment. Corn shall be measured by Strike. Present Payment shall be made for Carriage. Penalty on taking otherwise than according to Commission; Felony.

Punishment of a Buyer taking a Bribe.

Commissions to inquire of Buyers and Takers. The Steward, &c. of the Households shall ascertain the Receipts of Purveyances; and certify them into Chancery; and the Chancellor to the Commissioners. Extended to Purveyors for Great Horses.

No Man of the Houshold shall keep at Livery more Horses than allowed by the Statute 14 Edw. III. stat. 1. c. 1 9; nor retain Purveyors for himself.

Purveyance of Victuals by a Subject, Felony.

Mayors, &c. of the Staple shall take Cognizance of Contracts between Merchants; but not of Felonies. Saving as to Merchants Aliens; and as to Franchises.

Remedy In Chancery for Breaches of Statutes.

Parliament every Year.

The late Subsidy shall not be an Example. All Merchants may export Wools.

The Fines of Labourers, &c. shall be levied to the Use of the Commons. The Justices of the Peace shall take the Account.

Reasons why the Laws should be pleaded in the English Tongue. Pleas shall be pleaded in the English Tongue, and be inrolled in Latin.

36 Ed. 3. Stat. 2. — D* P'don facta Co'itati regni Angl'.

Of the Pardon made to the Commonalty of the Realm of England. Statute the Second.

37 Ed. 3. — Statut* de Victu % Vestitu; An0 xxxvii -1 .__

A Statute concerning Diet and Apparel; Of the thirty-seventh year J '

Except Chapter Two. — A Writ of Idemptitate Nominis hi Outlawry. The Party shall be admitted to find Surety thereupon.

38 Ed. 3. Stat. 1. — -De Ordinaco'ibJ f'cis anno tricesimo octavo.

Of The Ordinances made in the Thirty-eighth Year. Statute the First.

655

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

42 Ed, 3. — Statutu editu apud Westm primo die May anno xiii°' Regis E. t'cij -

A Statute made at Westminster on the First Day of May, in the Forty-second Year of King Edward III.

in part; namely, —

c. 1. c. 2. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7. c. 8.

Confirmation of the Charters.

Confirmation of the Pardon granted in 36 Edw. III.

Escheator shall have xx/. of Land; and execute his Office in Person.

The Statute of Labourers enforced.

Londoners priviledged to sell at retail Victuals only,

English Merchants shall not pass into Gascoigne to fetch Wines; nor buy Wines until landed.

c. 9.

In levying the King's Debts, the Estreats shall be shewed to the Party indebted, and the Receipts totted. Sheriffs shall account by such Estreats. Sheriffs, &c. shall continue in Office one Year only.

43 Ed. 3. — Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster, on the Octave of the Holy Trinity.

45 Ed. 3. — Statutu de anno qu&dragesimo quinto Reg' E. tercii -1

Statute of the Forty-fifth Year of King Edward III.

Except Chapter Three. — Prohibition to Spiritual Courts, in Plea for Tithe of Wood, of Twenty Years Growth.

47 Ed. 3. — Statutu de Anno xlvii. R. E. t'cii.

Statute of the Forty-seventh Year of King Edward, III.

50 Ed. 3. — De p'donaco'ibj % gr'is fc'is p' Reg£ Co'itati regni sui Angl*; Anno quinquagesimo Reg' E. t'cii -

Of the Pardons and Graces, granted by the King to the Commonalty of his Realm of England; In the Fiftieth Year of King Edward, HI.

Except Chapter Four.! — Prohibition shall not be allowed, after Consultation granted.

Richard II.

1 Ric. 2. — Rotulus Statut' do Anno regni Regis Ric'i sc'di primo -1 .,

Roll of tlio Statutes of the First Year of King Richard II. /in part 5 namel7» —

c. 1. c. 2. c. 3. c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8. c. 9.

c. 10.

Confirmation of Charters and Statutes.

The Peace shall be kept, and equal Justice administered.

Action for Prelates against Purveyors.

Statutes for Officers of the Exchequer confirmed. Debts once paid not to be demanded; Punishment of Clerk offending.

Villaines and Land-tenants withdrawing their Services under the Pretext of Exemplifications from the Book of Domesday. Confederacies of Villaines; Commissions to Justices of the Peace to enquire thereof. Punishment of such Villaines; and their Abettors. Declaration as to the said Exemplifications.

Statutes against Maintenance confirmed. Punishment for giving Liveries for Maintenance. Justices of Assise shall enquire of Offences.

Protections with the Clause Volumus, in what Case not allowable.

Gifts of Lands, Goods, &c. in Fraud, or for Maintenance. Such Gifts declared void. Disseisees may recover against Disseisors after such Alienation, where they take the Profits.

Pardon in 51 Edw. III. confirmed.

656

26f *i 37'VICTORIJ2, c. I25i>-

c. 13. Malicious 3ndidtar8 for suing in Spiritual Courts shall suffer as ftdse Appellors ... /pncjer Stat. Westm* & PL3 E. 1. c. 12., -

i; c. 14. i In Action for Goods taken away, on Claim of Tythes, General Averment shall not be receivecL 1

2 Ric. 2. Stat. 1, — D' Statuto apud Glouc' nup' edito irrotulato anno s'c'do

Of the Statute late made at Gloucester, inrolled; In the Second Year Statute the First -

Except Chapter Five. — The Penalty for telling slanderous Lyes of the Great Men of the Realm.

2 Ric. 2. Stat. 2. — D' Statuto apud Westfii edito Anno s'cdo irrotulato.

Of the Statute made at Westminster, in the Second Year $ inrolled.

Statute the Second.

3 Ric. 2. — D' Statuto apud Westffl Anno t'cio edito irrotulato

Of the Statute made at Westminster, in the Third Year; Inrolled -

c. 1. Liberties of the Church and Laws of the Realm confirmed.

c. 2. Statutes as to the Assise of Cloths confirmed. Penalty onJAulneger setting his Seal to faulty Cloths.

4 Ric. 2. — Statutu editu apud Norhampton Anno quarto -1. f.

Statute made at Northampton, in the Fourth Year /in Pai 9 8, 1116 ?9

c. 2. | The King's Pardon of Escapes of Felons.

in part; namely, —

5 Ric. 2. Stat. 1. — Statutu % Ordin&co'es edit* apud Westm Anno quinto - -1

Statute and Ordinances made at Westminster; In the Fifth Year X: —

Statute the First -

Except Chapter Seven. (1) — Forcible Entries forbidden.

5 Ric. 2. Stat. 2. — Ordinaco'es T Concordie f*ce in p'liamento tento apud Westm in C*stino

s'ci Joh'is an porta latina A° quinto -

Ordinances and Agreements made in the Parliament holden at West-, - /; , minster, on the Morrow of Saint John Port-Latin; In the Fifth Year -

Statute the Second -

I, Except Chapter Four. — Everyone shall obey his Summons to Parliament.

Penalty on Sheriffs omitting Returns of Writs to Parliament.

6 Ric. 2. Si^at. l.-^Statutfi cditum apud Westffi Anno sexto

Statute made at Westminster in the Sixth Year Statute the First -

Except Chapter Two. — Actions of Debt and Account shall be brought in their proper Counties.

6 Ric. 2. Stat. 2. — D' Statuto apud Westm a0 sexto edito.

Of the Statute made at Westminster in the Sixth Year. Statuto the Second.

7 Ric. 2. —

c. 1. c. 2. c. 6. c. 8. c. 9.

Statutu apud Westfii Anno septhno editfi - O .,

Statute made at Westminster in the Seventh Year J m P81* ' n ^s

Liberties of the Church confirmed.

The Charters and Statutes confirmed.

The Statute of Winchester confirmed. Every Sheriff shall proclaim it quarterly.

The Statutes of Purveyors confirmed and extended to Servants of Subjects.

Statutes made against deceit in Cloths to be sold, and against Aulnegers and Collectors of the Subsidy of Cloths, confirmed: Application of the Forfeitures *

(') Chapter 8. in Ruff head's Edition.

6W.il

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.,

-c. JO. c. 1L

c. 16.

c. 17.

Trial of Assize for Kent out of Lands lying in Two Counties.

The Statutes 5 Ric. II. c. 4, 5, and 6 Ric. II. c. 7, 11, 12, concerning Fishmongers, Victuallers, and Vintners, repealed. Victuallers of London shall be under the Rule of the Mayor and Aldermen. (

No Armour or Victual shall be sent into Scotland without Licence of the King; on Pain of Forfeiture thereof.

When Mainpernors shall be liable in Damages by Delay.

8 Ric. 2. — Statutu apud West anno octavo editu - - *) .

Statute made at Westminster in the Eighth Year J 111 P81 9 name

c. 1. Liberties of the Church, and Statutes confirmed, c. 2. No Lawyer shall be a Judge in his own Country.

9 Ric. 2. — D' Statuto edito apud West a0 nono.

Of the Statute made at Westminster in the Ninth Year.

10 Ric, 2. — D' Statuto edito apud Westm. A° x°.

Of the Statute made at Westminster In the Tenth Year. f

11 Ric. 2. — D* Statuto edit' apud West a° xj0 -1 ___

Of the Statute made at Westminster In the Eleventh Year / ' Except Chapter Ten. — Delays of Law by Pi*ivy Seal forbidden.

12 Ric. 2. — D' Statuto edito apud Cantebrigg\ Anno xij° -

Of the Statute made at Cambridge; In the Twelfth Year

in part; namely, —

c. 1. Liberties of the Church, the Charters and Statutes confirmed, c. 14. Statute 47 Edw. III. chapter 1. for Cloths confirmed.

13 Ric. 2. Stat. 1

. — Stat' de Anno xiij

Statute of the Thirteenth Year Statute the First

in part; namely, -

c. 3. c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 9.

c. 10. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15.

Limitg of Steward and Marshal's Jurisdiction.

Duty of the Clerk of the Market of the King's House; as to Weights, Sec.

Penalty for Misconduct.

Number of Serjeants at Arms, thirty. Penalty on them for Extortion, Fine and Ransom.

One Measure and one Weight throughout the Realm, except in Lancashire. Wool shall be sold 14 lb. the Stone. Refuse of Wools. Wool shall not bo bought by Good Packing $ and shall be cocketed only in the Owner's Name.

Cogware and Kendal Cloth may be made of their usual Length and Breadth.

No Shoemaker shall be a Tanner $ nor any Tanner a Shoemaker.

Bonds to the King in the Exchequer shall not be of the Double.

Castles and Gaols united to their Counties.

c. 16. c. 17.

c. 18. c. 20.

Protection Quia Profecturus, when allowable; Protections Quia moraturus as before. Repeal of all such Protections when the Parties return, &c.

In Suits against particular Tenants, the Reversioner may be received to defend his Right. Extended to Suits now depending. Reversioner shall find Surety of the Issues of the Lands in Demand.

Proceedings against tho Mayor and Bailiffs of Lincoln upon the Petition of the Bishop, &c. thereof. Inconveniences of partial Trials of Suits in Lincoln by People of the City. On false Verdict before the Mayor and Bailiffs of Lincoln, Attaint may be brought and tried by a Jury of the County at large.

At what Ports persons going beyond Sea shall embark.

13 Ric. 2. Stat. 3. — Statute the Third.

26 & 27 Vict. 4 O

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

14 Ric. 2 — D* Statu to edito apud Westm Anno quarto deoimo

Of the Statute made at Westminster; in the Fourteenth Year

Except Chapter Eleven. — Eight Justices of Peace in each County. Their Estreats. Their Wages. Seal for Servants. The Statutes 12 Ric. II., 13 Ric. II. st. 1. c. 7., and other Statutes confirmed.

15 Ric. 2.<

c. 1. c, 4.

c. 7.

c. 8. c 9.

c. 10, c. 12.

16 Ric. 2.

c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3.

D' Statuto de Anno quintodecimo -1 ., .

Of the Statute of the Fifteenth Year / m 5 nmmly, —

Former Statutes confirmed.

Eight Bushels of Com striked make the Quarter. Penalty on buying after any other Rate, Forfeiture of the Corn.

Stat. 7 Ric. IX c. 16. recited; Ajmour, Corn, or Victuals allowed to be carried to Berwick. Customs on Export thereof, &c.

St. 14 Ric. II. c. 7, as to the Export of Tin, repealed.

Statute of the Staple 27 Edw. III. st. 2. cap. 9. recited and confirmed. Penalty on Mayors for contravening thereof.

None shall buy Cloths of Guildford until they are fulled, &c.

None shall be compelled to answer in private Courts for Matters determinable by the Law of the Land.

Statutu de Aaino sexto decimo 1.

Statute of the Sixteenth Year jin Part J

Recital of 9 Edw. III. st. 1. chap. 1, that Merchants may freely buy and sell; and of Stat. 25 Edw. III. st. 3. chap. 2, confirming 9 Edw. ILL, and enacting that Merchants may sell their Wares in Gross or by Retail. Statute 11 Ric. IT. c. 7, confirming former Statutes. No Merchant Stranger shall retail any Merchandises but Victuals. No Spioery shall be exported.

The Statute 15 Ric. II. chapter 12, confirmed. Penalty on Offenders 20/.

Weights and Measures shall be according to the Standard in the Exchequer; and be preserved, &c. by the Clerk of the Market, &c.

17 Ric. 2. — -Statuta de Anno decimo septimo Statutes of the Seventeenth Year

in part; namely, —

c. 1. 9 Edw. III. stat. 2. ch. 3. against melting Money recited; extended to Groats

and Half-groats. No foreign Coin shall be current in England; nor Exchange made of English Money for Scottish.

c. 12. The Statute 28 Ed. III. c. 10. shall not extend to erroneous Judgments in London,

20 Ric. 2. — Statutu de Anno vicesimo.

Statute of the Twentieth Year.

21 Ric. 2. — Statutu de Anno vicesimo primo.

Statute of the Twenty-first Year.

Henry IV,

1 Hen. 4.* — Statutum de Anno Phno 1 #_

Statute of the First Year /

Except Chapter Six. — In Petitions to the King for Lands, Offices, &c., the Value thereof shall be mentioned.

2 Hen. 4. — Statutum de anno s'c'do - 1 .

Statute of the Second Year /in Part 5 namel*"

c. 1.1 Confirmation of Liberties, Charters, Statutes, &c.

659

c. 5.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. C. 13.

c. 14. c. 19. c. 21.

c. 22. c. 23.

c. 24.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

Recital of 5 Ric. II. st. 1. ch. 2. touching the exporting of Gold or Silver. Gold and Silver found in a course of Exportation shall be forfeit; saving reasonable expenses. Merchants Strangers may export half their Money. 14 Ric. IL c. 1.

The Fee of the Cyrographer of the Common Pleas for a Fine levied. Forfeiture of Office if the Cyrographer take a greater Fee. Treble Damages to the Party.

Certain Commissioners made in the Time of Richard II. may be discharged by their Oaths.

The Fee of the Clerk of the Crown of the King's Bench for Indictments.

Recital of the Pardon granted by the Statute 21 Ric. IE. c. 15 .; Confirmation thereof; notwithstanding the Repeal by Statute 1 H. IV. c. 3.

The Statutes of Purveyors confirmed. Purveyance of 40$. or under.

Of Suits against Englishmen in Wales.

Recital of the Statute 1 H. IV. c. 7. respecting Liveries; The Statute 1 H. IV. c. 7. confirmed and amended. The Prince may give his Livery.

Suits for Pardon may be made, notwithstanding the Statute 11 R. II. c. 1.

Fees of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the King's House. Forfeiture of Office by the Marshal, &c. for taking more than their lawful Fees; Treble Damages. Fees of the Servitors of Bills, &c. Penalty.

Processes against such as were with the Duke of York, temp. 23 Ric. II. for Wages, received by them shall be discharged.

4 Hen. 4. — Statuta de Anno quarto - "1

Statutes of the Fourth Year J

in part; namely, —

c. 1. c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 13.

c. 14. c. 17.

c. 24. c. 26. c. 30.

Confirmation of Liberties> Charters, and Statutes.

The Statutes 25 Edw. III. for the Clergy, confirmed. The Words Insidiatores viarum & depopulatores agrorum, shall not be put in Indictments or Appeals. Clerks shall be allowed their Clergy notwithstanding an Indictment hath the Effect of the Words aforesaid.

Liberties of the Church and Clergy confirmed. Clerks convict shall be delivered to the Ordinary, and dealt with according to a Constitution Provincial, to be made; and approved by the King.

The King will grant no Lands, &c. but to such as shall deserve them. Penalty for making Requests to the contrary.

Cloths of London used to be sealed. A Person shall be assigned so to seal them. Cloths not sealed, shall be forfeited.

Concerning the Special Assise. Recital of 1 Ric. IE. c. 9., giving Remedy against Disseisors; Action for Disseisee shall lie, against a Disseisor, during his Life; against Tenant of the Freehold, within a Year.

Mischiefs accruing from forcible Entries; A special Assise grantable in such Cases. Punishment; Imprisonment and double Damages. Damages for carrying away the Disseisee's Goods or Chattels.

Remedy for Commissioners distrained to return Commissions of which they had not any Notice.

St. 1 Edw. III. st. 2. ch. 5; 18 Edw. III. chapter 7; 25 Edw. III. st. 5. ch. 8, touching Service in War, confirmed. Persons holding of the King to do any Service in War shall be bound to do the same.

Labourers shall not be hired by the Week; nor paid for Holidays.

Infants shall not be received into Orders of Friars without the Consent of Parents. The Chancellor shall have Jurisdiction herein. The several Principals of the Four Orders in England, swear to observe this Statute.

Statute 17 Ric. H. chapter 5. The Aulnage of Cloths may be farmed.

Englishmen shall not be convict by Welshmen in Wales.

No Victual or Armour shall be carried into Wales.

4 0 2

<660

26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 125.

c. 35. I Recital of the Statute 13 Ric. II. St. 1. ch. 12. Shoemakers may tan Leather; (till the next Parliament.

5 Hen. 4. — Statota de anno quinto -1 .

Statutes of the Fifth Tear /mpart

namely, —

c. 3.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 12. c. 14.

c. 15.

Watch shall be made upon the Coasts, as under Statute of Winton, 13 Edw. I. Justices of Peace shall enquire hereof.

In Actions of Debt, as on Accounts before Auditors, the Judges may receive Defendants to their Law, or try the Matter by Inquest.

The Statute 4 H. IV. c. 15. confirmed; Customers shall take Surety of Foreign Merchants to observe that Statute. Within what Time Merchants Aliens shall sell their Merchandise. Aliens shall not sell any Merchandise to each other. Hosts shall be appointed to Merchants Aliens.

Execution allowed on a Statute Merchant once shewed in Court.

To prevent Forgery, &c. of Notes, &c. of Fines of Lands; the Writs whereon they are levied shall be enrolled in the Court of Common Pleas.

The King's General Pardon. Exceptions.

6 Hen. 4.

Statuta de Anno sexto - *1 # Statutes of the Sixth Year j

Except Chapter Two. — The Statute 1 Hen. IV. chapter 6, respecting Petitions to the Bang for Lands, &c., shall not extend to the Queen nor the Princes.

7 Hen. 4. — Statut' de anno vij° - -1 .

Statute of the Seventh Year / m part ' namel7> —

c. 4. c. 8.

c. 10. c. 11.

c. 16. c. 17.

c. 18.

1 R. II. c. 12. No Protection allowable in Actions against Gaolers, for Escapes.

No Licence or Pardon shall be granted on Provision to a Benefice full of an Incumbent.

Length and Breadth of Cloths; Cloths of less Dimensions forfeitable.

Commissioners not receiving their Commissions shall be discharged in the Exchequer upon Oath.

Annuities granted by the Crown shall be paid according to Priority of the Grants.

Confirmation of Statutes 25 Edw. III. Stat. 2. and 12 R. II. c. 3. concerning Labourers. No one shall put his Child apprentice, unless he have 20s. per Annum in Land or Rent. Every one may put his Child to School. Certificate of Value of Lands of Parents of Apprentices. Penalty for receiving an Apprentice contrary hereto. Labourers to be sworn, or be put in the Stocks.

None shall be punished for repressing of the late Insurrections. Pardon.

9 Hen. 4 — Statuta de anno nono.

Statutes of the Ninth Year.

11 Hen. 4. — D' Statutis A° xj°.

Of the Statutes in the Eleventh Year.

13 Hen. 4. — D' Statutis xiij° H. iv. - - -1 .__

Of the Statutes in the Thirteenth Year of K. Henry TV. J

Except Chapter Seven. — Justices of Peace and Sheriffs shall arrest all Rioters; and record their offences; and inquire thereof. Certificate of Justices, &c. shall be equivalent to a Presentment of a Jury. Traverse of a Riot triable in the King's Bench. Conviction of Offenders for Default of Appearance. The Penalty of the nearest Justices, &c. omitting to execute this Act.

661

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

Henry V.

1 Hen. 5. — Statuta de anno primo Reg' Henrici quinti 1 .

Statutes of the First Year of K. Henry V. /in *>art 5 namel7> —

c. 2. c. 3. c. 6.

The Statutes relating to Wears, &c. confirmed.

Forging of false Deeds. Party grieved may sue. Party guilty shall be fined.

No Actions shall be brought by Welshmen in respect of Injuries sustained in the late Rebellion.

c. 8. Irishmen and Irish Clerks Mendicant shall depart the Realm. Exceptions.

c. 9. Recital of Grants of the Revenues, Offices, &c. of Calais to certain Persons by Letters Patents. All such Letters Patents annulled. The said Revenues, &c. shall be applied to the Maintenance of Calais. Exception for the Duke of Clarence.

c. 10.

The lawful Measure of Corn, according to former Ordinancbs. London Measure called the Vat. Former Ordinances confirmed. By 'what Measures Purveyors, &c. shall buy Corn. Punishment of Offenders.

2 Hen. 5. Stat. 1. — Statuta de anno sVdo ejusdem Regis- J

Statutes of the Second Year of the same King >in part; namely, -i-Statute the First -

c. 4. in part.

Statute 12 Ric. II. chap. 3, &c. confirmed. Justices of the Peace may send their Writs to the Sheriffs for fugitive Servants or Labourers. The Statutes of Labourers shall be exemplified, and sent to the Sheriffs; and by them to the Justices of the Peace. Times when Justices of the Quorum resident in the Sliire; except Lords, &c., shall hold their Quarter Sessions. Justices of Peace may examine Labourers and their Masters on Oath: —

Except from " And that the Justices of the Peace in evefy Shire" to "every Year from henceforth."

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 9.

Outrages committed by Persons dwelling in Tyndal and Exhamshire in Northumberland; Process against such Offenders.

Breaches of Truces and Safe-Conducts of the King, declared to be High Treason. Conservators of Truce shall be appointed in the Ports. Their Authority as to Offences done upon the Sea. The Process to be used. Except in Cases of Homicide. Authority of Conservators as to Offences within the Bodies of Counties. Process thereon. Additions of the Parties indicted. Two Lawyers shall be associate in Commission; with the Conservator. The Authority of such Commissioners. Oath of the Commissioners. Seal of the Conservator. Masters, &c. of Ships shall be sworn to keep Truces, $c., and their Names, &c. inrolled. Conservator shall be informed of Prizes taken from the King's Enemies. Punishment of Owners and Masters of Ships offending. Owners not punishable, unless on board. Forfeitures to the Admiral. Authority of Conservators within the Cinque Ports. Homicide. The . Warden of the Cinque Ports shall have all Forfeitures there. Ordinance shall commence after proclamation.

Commission of Murders, Riots, &c. and the Flight off Offenders; on complaint in Chancery of any such Flight, a Bill shall be made for the King; Whereupon shall issue a Capias returnable in Chancery; and the Offender, if taken or yielding, may be bailed by the Chancellor. If Such Offender is not taken, &c. a Writ of Proclamation shall issue return Ale In the King's Bench, and on Nonappearance the Offender shall be attainted). Suggestions of Riots shall be testified to the Chancellor by Two Justices and the Sheriff. Process within Counties Palatine, &c. Continuance of Act.

2 Hen. 5. Stat. 2. — Alia Statuta de eode Anno -

Other Statutes of the Same Year Statute the Second -

i}:-

Except Chapter One. — Justices of the Peace shall be appointed from the Residents: Exceptions.

662

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c.I25.

3 Hen, 5. — Statuta de anno t'cio.

Statutes of the Third Tear.

4 Hen. 5. [vel f Statuta de anno quarto.

3Hen.5.Stat.2.](1) \ Statutes of the Fourth Year.

4 Hen. 5. [Stat. 2.] — Statuta de [eodem (2) ] Anno 4. - -1

Statutes of the same Fourth Tear, A.D. 1416 j

Except Chapter One. — Charters and Statutes confirmed.

6 Hen. 5. — Ordinacio anno quinto.

An Ordinance in the Fifth Tear.

8 Hen. 5 — Statuta de anno octavo.

Statutes of the Eighth Year.

9 Hen. 5. Stat. 1.-

c. 2. c. 3.

c. 5.

c. 6. c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 11.

-Statuta de anno nono -1 Statutes of the Ninth Tear >in part; namely, —

Statute the First -

On Outlawries in Lancashire, Goods and Lands in other Counties shall not be forfeited. The Statute 1 Hen. TV. c. 18. as to Cheshire, confirmed.

Assises shall be taken as heretofore. In Protections for Persons beyond Sea in the King's Service, Assises of Novel Disseisin shall not be excepted. For saving Rights of Reversioners, so being in the King's Service, if not named in such Assises. The Council may give further Relief.

Recital of St. 14 Edw. III. stat. 1. c. 7, 8, concerning Sheriffs and Escheators.

The King may appoint Sheriffs, &c. for Four Years.

A Mint allowed at Calais.

Offences committed by Scholars at Oxford. Process against such Offenders. Certificate to the Chancellor of the University. Banishment from the University thereupon.

Abbots and Priors shall not be appointed to collect the Dismes out of their own Counties.

English Gold Coin shall be received by Weight. Re-coinage of Gold Money.

9 Hen. 5. Stat. 2. — Alia statuta de eodem anno nono O Other Statutes of the same Ninth Year Statute the Second -

Except Chapter Eleven. — For the Repair of Roads and Bridges at Burford and Culhamford, between Abingdon & Dorchester.

Henry VI.

1 Hen. 6. — Statuta de Anno primo.

Statutes of the First Year.

2 Hen. 6. — A0 2 -

The Second Year

in part; namely, —

c. 3. John Duke of Bedford being in the King's Service allowed to appear, in Suits by Attorney.

c. 4. Recital of an Ordinance of 36 Edw. III. respecting Merchandises of the Staple;

Recital of an Ordinance of 1 Hen. IV., as to Merchandises of the Staple. Recital of St. 2 Hen. V. stat. 2. c. 6. as to such Merchandises; All existing Statutes relating thereto confirmed. All Merchandises of the Staple shall be carried to Calais. Licences.

0) 8 Hen. 5. Stat. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition. See note, 2 Stats, of the Realm, 192. (2) See note, 2 Stats, of the Realm, 19$.

603

Oi 6.

Ci 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. (>) c. 11.

c. 12. 0)

c. 13. (2) c. 16.

c. 18.

c. 20, (»)

c. 21.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

The Statute 9 Hen. V. st. lf c. 6. for a Mint at Calais confirmed. No Gold or Silver shall be carried out of the Realm, except for Soldiers. Reward to Informer. Exceptions $ Ransoms for Prisoners, &c. Merchants Aliens shall be bound not to carry Gold out of the Realm.

Cordwainers shall not be Tanners: Penalty. Penalty on Tanners of defective Leather. Recovery of Penalties.

The Statute 1 Hen. VI. c. 3. touching Irishmen, in England, recited. By whom the Sureties under that Statute shall be taken.

The Money called Blanks abolished. Penalty on paying or receiving thereof; as under Statute 3 H. V. c. 1.

Deceitful Works of Embroidery of Gold and Silver shall be forfeited.

Concerning the Reversal of Outlawries pronounced against Persons whilst abroad in the Service of the King.

The Justices of the Peace of certain Counties shall enquire of Weirs, &c. upon the Thames. Upon the Inquisicions certified into the King's Bench, the Judges shall award Process; and the Nuisances to be removed.

All Patent-Officers in the King's Courts shall be sworn to appoint sufficient Clerks.

The Master of the Mint shall keep his Allay in making of white Money; and shall receive Silver at the Mint at the true Value. The King's Assayer and Controller shall be present; Their Oaths & Functions. The Master of the Mint and the Exchanger shall convert into Coin all the Gold and Silver which they receive. The Master of the Mint shall make small Money.

Recital of St. 2 Hen. V. st. 1. ch. 4. respecting Servants and Labourers. Justices of the Peace empowered to proceed against the Masters as well as the Servants. Penalty upon Sheriffs, &c. for letting convicted Offenders to Bail. Justices may call before them Artificers and Victuallers, and regulate their Wages and Prices. Continuance of Ordinance.

The Statute Westm. 2. 13 Edw. I. c. 3. recited; The Reversioners, &c. mentioned therein may be received to defend their Right at any Time before Judgment. Continuance of Ordinance.

Escape of Prisoners, committed for High Treason, declared to be Treason. The Lords of the Fee shall have the Forfeitures. Continuance of Ordinance.

4 Hen# 6 — Statutes of the Fourth Year of K. Henry, VT.

Except Chapter Three. — Recital of the Statute 9 Hen. V. st. 1. ch. 4. reciting Stat. 14 Edw. III. st. 1. c. 6. for Amendment of Errors in Process, by Misprision of Clerks, as well after Judgment as before: The said Statutes confirmed, as well after Judgment on Verdict as on Demurrer. Exception as to Wales, and Records of Outlawry.

6 Hen. 6. — Rot. Stat. de Anno r* r' H. sexti vjt0 yj10 - «. -1

Roll of the Statutes of the Sixth Year of the Reign of K. Henry, VI. J

Except Chapter One. — Indictments found in the King's Bench by Jurors suspected, or unduely procured; Before any Exigent for Outlawry, on any such Indictments, Writs of Capias shall be awarded into the Counties where the Party is indicted, and of which he is named.

8 Hen. (>. — Statutes of the Eighth Year of K. Henry, VI. In part; namely, —

c. 3. | The Statute 6 H. VI. c. 5. recited; Commissioners of Sewers empowered to I execute their own Ordinances.

(*) In Ruffhead's Edition these three Chapters, in the form of a short abstract or note of the contents, are placed in puccession, without any numbers, immediately after Chapter 9. and before Chapter 10. of that Edition.

8 Chapter 10. in Ruffhead's Edition. (8) Chapter 12, in Ruffhead's Edition.

In Ruffhead's Edition this Chapter, in the form of a short abstract or note of the contents, is placed without a number, immediately after Chapter 14. and before Chapter 15. of that Edition.

(*) Chapter 16. in Ruffhead's Edition. () Chapter 17. in Ruffhead's Edition.

664

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 8. c. 11.

c. 13.

k

c. 14.

c. 25. c. 26.

c. 27.

c. 29.

9 Hen. 6.-

c. 1. c. 7.

c. 10. c. 11.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

Magna Carta and certain Statutes [See 25 Edw. I. chapter 25; 25 Edw. III. stat. 5. ch. 9; 27 Edw. III. stat. 2. ch. 10; 34 Edw. III. chapter 5; 13 Ric. II. stat. 1. ch. 9.] relating to Weights and Measures, confirmed. Every City Borough and Town shall have a common Balance and Weights. No Man shall buy Woollen Yarn, unless to make Cloth; nor measure nor weigh but according to the Standard. Penalties recoverable before Justices of the Peace. Penalty on City or Town not having common Balance and Weights.

Burning of #Houses, by Persons sending Bills to appoint Money to be laid in a certain Place, made High Treason.

The Statute 6 H. VI. c. 3, respecting Wages of Labourers, &c. continued.

Custom of London respecting taking of Apprentices there; The Statute 7 H. IV. c. 17. respecting Apprentices generally; The said Custom of London as to Apprentices confirmed.

In PrSections for Persons going with the King to France, Assises of Novel disseisin shall not be excepted. For saving Rights of Reversioners, so being in the King's Service, if not named in such Assises. Exceptions for Entries made after the beginning of this Parliament.

Recital of the Statute 2 Hen. V. stat. 1. ch. 9, directing Process of Capias, and Proclamation against Offenders withdrawing themselves; The recited Statute made perpetual. Two Justices shall certify Riots before Award of Capias. Provision for the County Palatine of Lancaster and other Franchises.

The present Mayor of the Staple of Calais shall stay Two Years in Office.

In Writs of Assise and Personal Actions for Lands or Matters within Franchises, if Defendant make Default to oust the Lords, &c. of Franchises of their Jurisdiction, the Writ shall abate. 9 H. IV. c. 5.

Robberies and Injuries on the Severn, by Rovers of the Forest of Dean, and Hundreds of Bledislow and Wesbury, against the Goods and Ships of the People of Tewkesbury, and others. Proclamation of Council against such Offences. Sheriff of Gloucester, &c. shall make Proclamation for Trespassers to satisfy the Parties injured. On failure the Commonalties of the Forest and Hundreds shall be answerable for the Robberies as under the Statute of Winchester.

The Statute 27 Edw. III. st. 2. cap. 8. respecting Inquests de medietate linguae, where Aliens are Parties before the Mayor of the Staple; The Statute 28 Edw. III. chapter 13, confirming and amending the same; The Statute 2 Hen. V. st. 2.chapter 3. requiring Jurors to have 40s. per Annum; The Statute 2 H. V. st. 2. c. 3. limited to Inquests to be taken between Denizen and Denizen.

-D' Anno nono -o.

Of the ninth Year } " 5 namely, -

All Assises and Nisi prius adjourned during this Parliament.

Extortions, &c. by Sheriffs in the County of Hereford; Penalty on Sheriffs, &c. of that County for unlawful Inquests, &c. Penalty Forty Pounds. The King or Party grieved may sue. Double Damages to the Party. Continuance of this Act.

The Statute Henry V.

[3 H. V. st. 2.] chapter 2, authorizing certain Religious Persons to make Attornies, recited. The said Statute 3 Hen. V. c. 2. continued during the King's Pleasure.

Recital of the Circumstances of the Case of the Coheirs of Edmund Earl of Kent; Claim of Alianour Wife of Jaraes Lord Audley, to be the lawful Daughter of the said Edmund Earl of Kent. A Practice to prove the said Alianour Mulier by the Common Law, who was indeed a Bastard. No Certificate heretofore made, for the said Alianour, shall bind any other than the Parties to the Plea. Whenever Bastardy is alleged, the-Judge, upon Prayer of any of the Parties shall send into Chancery a memorandum of the Issue joined; and thereupon Proclamations shall be made in Chancery, &c. before any Writ be awarded to the Ordinary to certify Bastardy; or in Default, the certificate of Bastardy shall be void. Certificate to be made on any Writ already issued declared void.

665

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

10 Hen. 6. — Anno x°. In part; namely, -

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

Letters of Request, under the Privy Seal, shall be granted to Subjects whose Goods are taken by Danish Subjects.

Outlawries, &c. in Actions at the Suit of Parties not actually appearing; Filazers, &c. shall not record the personal Appearance of Plaintiffs unless they actually appear, and make Oath of their Identity.

St. 21 Ric. II. c. 18. recited relative to repairing Beacons, &c. at Calais, although repealed by the Terms of Statute 1 H. IV. c. 3, shall be in force and executed.

10 Hen. 6. Stat. 2. — Statute the Second.

11 Hen. 6. — A°xj°.

In the Eleventh Year

in part; namely, —

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4. c. 5.

c. 7.

c. 8.

c. 10.

c. 15.

c. 16.

In Assises of Novel Disseisin, Sheriffs are sometimes named as Disseisors, in order to have Writs of Execution directed to the Coroners: In such Cases Averment shall be received to the contrary, and the Writ be quashed.

Recital of the Statute 4 H. IV. c. 7; Disseisees may recover in all Writs founded on Novel disseisin, as in Assises under recited Act.

Perjury of Jurors, and Pleas and Delays at the Common Law, in Attaints against them; Plaintiffs in such Attaints shall recover Damages and Costs.

After any Assignment by Tenant for Life or Years, the Reversioner may have Action of Waste against him, as before any such Assignment, if he continue to take the Profits.

Recital of the Statute 9 H. VI. c. 7. restraining Extortions of the Sheriff of County of Hereford. The said Statute 9 H. VL c. 7, continued for Three Years.

Recital of St. 1. H. V. c. 10. as to the Measure of Corn; The several Statutes not duly executed; The Statute 1 H. V. c. 10. 8 H. VL c. 5. &c. touching Weights and Measures shall be proclaimed and executed; A common Bushel shall be in every Town, under Penalty in St. 8 H. VL c. 5. as to Balances. Mayors and Justices of the Peace may determine Offences against these Statutes. Form of the Proceeding. Mayors, &c. shall be sworn to execute the Statute; and account for the Forfeitures, &c. to the King. Saving of Liberties of Lords, &c.

Whenever Recognisors in Statutes Staple, arrested in Execution, sue out Writs of Corpus cum causa or Scire facias, Surety shall be given severally to the King and to the Recognisee.

Customers shall give Warrants of Discharge to Merchants having paid their Custom. Penalty on Refusal.

Penalty on Customers giving, and Merchants receiving, Blank Cockets to defraud the Customs; Felony, &c.

14 Hen. 6. — xiiij. In part; namely, —

c. 4. The Statutes as to holding Sessions in Counties Four Times a Year; In Middlesex the Sessions need only be holden Twice a Year; or for Inquiry of forcible Entries, &c.

c. 8. Recital of the Statute 2 Hen. V. sfc. 1. ch. 6. concerning Breakers of Truces, &c. The said Statute suspended for Seven Years.

15 Hen. 6.

18 Hen. 6. — In part; namely, —

c. 2. Recital of the Statute 15 H. VI. c. 5. relative to Qualification of Jurors in Attaints; Freeholders in Gavelkind may be Jurors.

c. 5. Qualification of Collectors of Tenths in Cities, to be also Collectors of Fifteenths in Counties, Five Pounds per Annum, within the County.

26 & 27 VICT. 4 P

606

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 8.

c. 10.

c. 11.

c. 13.

For the further Security of the Captors of the Ships of Enemies, Alien Merchants may lade Ships of Enemies, being under the King's Letters of Safe-conduct. Captures of Ships, not having Safe Conducts on board or inrolled in Chancery, declared valid. Commencement and Proclamation of this Act.

Recital of St. 6 H. VI. c. 5. as to Commissioners of Sewers. Commissions of Sewers shall be granted for Ten Years.

Abuse in the Appointment of Justices of the Peace. None shall be assigned a Justice of Peace unless he have 20l. per Annum in Land. Penalty 20/. on unqualified Persons acting. Exception as to Corporations; Proviso, in Defect of qualified Persons in Counties.

Recital of St. 9 Hen. Y. stat. 1. ch. 2. as to Forfeitures upon Outlawries in Lancashire. The recited Statute made perpetual; unless repealed in the next Parliament.

c. 14.

c. 16.

c. 19.

Sheriffs, &c. taking Bribes for making Arrays and Panels of Juries, shall forfeit Ten Times the Amount, to the Party grieved. Continuance of this Act.

Evil of measuring. Cloths by the London Measure. Keeper of the Aulnage shall have a Line for measuring of Cloths sealed at the Exchequer. Measure of Cloth, wet or dry. Penalty on Seller deceitfully measuring; and Buyer refusing this Ordinance.

Evils of Desertion in the King's Servico. A Soldier leaving his Captain without Licence, declared guilty of Felony. No Soldier shall return from beyond Sea without Licence; Chief Officers of Ports, &c. shall arrest Soldiers so returning and detain them for Inquiry by Justices of Peace.

20 Hen. 6.*Except Chapter Nine. — Recital of Magna Carta relating to Trial by Peers; Noble Ladies shall be tried as Peers of the Realm are tried.

23 Hen. 6,

o. 1.

c. 3.

c. 5.

c. 6. c* 8.

c. 10.

c. 11.

c. 12.

-Incipiunt Statuta apud Westih edita anno xxiij0 - -1

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster in the >in part; namely, — Twenty-third Year -

Recital of St. 36 Ed. III. stat. 1. ch. 2. relating to Purveyors. 36 Ed. III. stat. 1. ch. 3. Recited Statutes confirmed. Purveyors shall be sworn. Resistance against Purveyors acting illegally. Action of Debt by the party grieved. Treble Damages. Serjeant of the Catery shall pay Damages in Default of Purveyor.

Recital of the Statute 20 Hen. YI. c. 10. touching Deceits in the making of Worsteds in Norwich and Norfolk. Worsted Weavers shall choose Four Wardens yearly in Norwich, and Four in Norfolk. Oath of the Wardens j and their Authority. Weavers shall, put their Marks on their Worsteds. Defective Worsteds forfeitable. Continuance of this Ordinance. Rules of Wardens shall be certified to the King and Council.

The Statute 15 Hen. YI. c. 2. as to Export of Corn, recited. The said recited Statute made perpetual.

The gathering of Head-pence by the Sheriff of Northumberland shall cease.

Recital of the Statute 6 Hen. VL c. 5. relating to Commissions yf Sewers. Like Commissions may be granted for 15 Years.

Extortion of Sheriffs in levying Wages of Knights of the Shire; Appointment of County Court to assess such Wages. Penalty on Sheriff, &c. for Absence. Each Hundred and each Township shall be assessed by itself. Penalty on levying more than is assessed. Sheriffs shall levy the Money, and pay it to the Knights. Recovery of Penalties. Treble Costs. Such Wages shall be levied only where usual.

Trial of Foreign Pleas after Issue joined, Continuance of this Act.

Servants in Husbandry purposing to leave their Masters must engage with a new one, and give warning to the old; or continue to serve the First Master. Wages of Servants in Husbandry, &c. with Meat and Drink, and without. Wages of Servants of Hostlers, «c. in Cities. Summer Wages of Masons, Carpenters, and other Artificers. Winter Wages. Wages of Labourers in

667

c. 13. 26° & 27° VICTORIA, c. 125. Harvest. Holy-days. Justices of Peace shall enforce this Act. Penalty on Servants, &c. offending. Action against Offenders. No Fine shall be under 3^. 4d. Proclamation of the Acts relating to Servants, &c. Evasion of Service in Husbandry. Commencement of Act. Penalty on Buyers or Purveyors of Subjects taking any Thing against the Owner's Will. Penalty on Officers not executing this Act. On Buyers. Commencement of Act. King's Purveyors.

c. 17. Subjects may buy Wines in Gascony, &c. without any new Charges. Penalty on King's Officers transgressing this Act.

27 Hen. 6 — -De Anno xxvij0 -1 . — Of the Twenty-seventh Year /' Except Chapter Five. — The Scandal of holding Fairs and Markets on Sundays and upon High Feast Days. Fairs and Markets shall not be holden Sundays or on Festivals. Exception of the Four Sundays in Harvest. Grantees of Fairs and Markets shall have their full Complement of Days, excluding Sundays and the said Feast Days. Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

28 Hen, 6. — De Anno xxviij0.

Of the Twenty-eighth Year.

29 Hen. 6.- -D' Anno xxix0 - -1 . ., Of the Twenty-ninth Year / m part namel7> —

c. 2. St. 2 Hen. V. st. 1. chap. 6. as to Safe-Conducts, confirmed. Chancellor and Chief Justice shall have like Jurisdiction as have the Conservators under the said Statute; Process against Offenders. No Person appearing shall incur the Pain of Treason. Saving for Persons out of the Realm. Proviso for Owners of Ships, &c. Continuance of this Act, No Pardon allowable.

31 Hen. 6. — D* Anno xxxj°.

Of the Thirty-first Year.

83 Hen. 6. — D' Anno xxxiij0.

Of the Thirty-third Year.

39 Hen. 6. — -Anno xxxix0.

1 Ed. 4 — In the Thirty-ninth Year. Edwabd IV. "ifthe -First Year }in P" *

c. 1. What Acts judicial, &c. done in Times of the Kings Henry IY., Y., and VI. shall be valid. Fines, &c .; other than in Parliament. S 2. Creations of Nobility; Except to Rebels. § 3. Liberties, Divisions of Counties, Grants of Incorporation, &c. to any Bodies Corporate. § 4. Licences or Pardons of Alienation, or to enter into Lands descended, without Livery. Licences to found any Spiritual House, &c. or any Fraternity, Guild, &c., or to give or receive any Lands. Licences of Appropriation, or to make Elections. Pardons to Corporations, for Purchases; Liveries or Restitutions of Temporalties to Spiritual Persons. Founding of Religious Houses; as to the Corporations and Scites of the same. § o. Assignments of Dower. Proviso for the King and the Duchess of Bedford. 4 P 2

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

§ 6. Lands assured in Mortmain, by any of the said Kings, which were given to them to that Intent. Exception for Lands assured to the King by way of Recompence.

§ 7. Collations, Gifts, and Presentations, to Benefices, during the Incumbents' Lives. Except Persons attainted; and the King's open Enemies.

§ 8. Grants of Wards and Marriages.

§ 9. Grants of Fairs and Markets.

10. Grants of Liveries of Lands. Exception as to Crown Lands; and forfeited Estates.

§11. Wards or Marriages, granted by the present King. Except on Attainders.

§ 12. Letters Patents made to several Persons of Offices. Proviso for Grants of Annuities, Benefices, and antient Offices. Exception for certain Offices; the Grants of which shall be in force during the King's Pleasure.

§ 13. The King's several Grants to divers Corporations, &c. since the Fourth of

March last.

§ 14. Feoffments upon Trust to the late Kings, to the Use of others; except Persons attainted in this Parliament.

§ 15. K. Edw. IT's Letters Patents made to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, Judges, &c.

§ 16. Commissions of the Peace, and of Gaol-delivery, &c. or of Sewers, and all other Commissions.

17. Acts of Parliament for the Town of Shrewsbury.

§ 18. Grant to the Abbot of By land, of the Manor of Kilbourn in the County of York, by K. Hen. YI.

§ 19. Grants to Convents to choose their Abbots, &c.

20. Recognizances and Deeds inrolled.

5 21. Licences to inclose Parks, &c. or to make Castles, &c.

§ 22. Proviso for Cicily, Duchess of York, Mother to the King.

§ 23. Proviso for Lands forfeited by Attainder in this Parliament,

§ 24. Persons so attainted, excepted from this Act.

3 Ed. 4. — A° iy°.

In the Third Year.

4 Ed. 4. — A° iiij0.

In the Fourth Year.

7 Ed. 4. — A° vij°.

In the Seventh Year.

8 Ed. 4. — A° viij0.

In the Eighth Year.

12 Ed. 4. — Incipiunt Statuta apud Westm' edita, anno duodecimo - -1 ._

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster, in the Twelfth Year j '

Except Chapter One. — Recital of the Statute 23 Hen. VL c. 7. Sheriffs, before having their Writ of Discharge, may return Writs, during Michaelmas Term.

14 Ed. 4. — Incipiunt Statuta apud Westm' edita anna quarto-decimo.

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster, in the Fourteenth, Year.

17 Ed. 4. — Incipiunt Statuta apud Westm' edita, Anno decimo septimol

Here begin The Statutes made at Westminster, in the >in part; namely, — Seventeenth Year -

c. 1.

Recital of St. 9 Ed. III. st. 2. c. 2; 2 H. IV. c. 6. No Irish Money shall run in Payment in England or Wales, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof. Apportionment of Forfeitures. Action of Debt for Forfeitures 5 at common Law, or before Justices of the Peace. Process, Judgement, and Execution in Actions for Penalties. Recital of St. 2 H. VI. c. 6. Felony to export Coin or Plate, &c. without the King's Licence. Except by Persons dispensed in St. 2 H. VL and other Statutes. Recital of St. 9 E. III. st. 2. c. 3; 17 R. IT. c. 1. No Person shall melt any Money of Gold or Silver sufficient to run in Payment;

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 3.

c. 5.

c. 6.

nor gild any Vessels, &c. of Silver. Exceptions. 3 E. IV. c. 5; Rot. Parl. 17 E. IV. nu. 30. Forfeiture of Value of the Money, &e. Apportionment of the Forfeitures. Forfeitures recoverable as thosfc in respect of Irish Money. Recital of St. 2 Hen. VI. chapter 17. Gold and Silver wrought and sold shall be of a certain Fineness. Things wrought of Silver shall be marked with the Leopard's Head, and the Workmen's Mark, within London, and Two Miles thereof. Penalty on the Keeper of the Touch. Apportionment of Forfeitures; Recovery thereof, as of those in respect of Irish Money, under this Act. Aliens being Goldsmiths shall be liable to Search by War-dene of Goldsmiths; Aliens shall inhabit in the open Streets. Goldsmiths' Company shall be responsible for the Warden of the Touch. Recital of St. 5 H. IV. chapter 9. All Alien Merchants shall employ their Money in this Realm, and prove the doing so. Penalty; Forfeiture of Goods, and Imprisonment. Apportionment and Recovery of Forfeitures. Forfeitures incurred before Easter may be recovered before Justices of the Peace. Provisoes as to exporting Gold and Silver, by Ambassadors, &c. Proclama-ation of this Act. Provisoes as to Forfeitures within Franchises. Provisoes for certain Liberties and Franchises.

Mischief of certain unlawful Games. Whosoever shall allow any of the said Games in his House, or other Place, shall be Three Yeirs imprisoned, and forfeit 20/. Apportionment of Penalties. Whosoever shall play at such Games shall be imprisoned Two Years, and forfeit 10/. Apportionment of Penalties.

Recital of St. 4 Ed. IV. chapter 1. Woolen Cloths, Half-Cloths, &c. shall be sealed with Wax at both Ends, instead of one Seal of Lead. Subsidy and Aulnage of Cloths may be let to form upon good Surety.

Repeal of a Parliament holden 9 [yel 10] Edw. IV.

[49 Hen. VI.] and of all the Acts therein made, and of all Exemplifications thereof.

22 Ed. 4. — Incipiunt Statuta apud Westm' edita anno vicesimo secundol

Here begin the Statutes made at Westminster, In the >inpart; namely, — Twenty-second Year -

c. 1. Former Statutes respecting Apparel. What Kind of Apparel Temporal Men of every Degree and Estate are allowed, and what prohibited, to wear. Justices of Peace shall have Power to hear and determine Offences. The King shall have all Forfeitures, except in the County Palatine of Chester, in Exhamshire, and in the Bishoprick of Durham. This Act shall not extend to Women, except the Wives of Servants and Labourers. Former ^cts repealed. The Length of Gowns and Mantles. Proviso in favour of particular Persons.

c. 2. The Contents of Vessels of Salmon, Herrings, and Eels; and how Fish shall be packed. Packing of Salmons. Packing of small Fish called Grills. The Contents of a Barrel of Herring, &c. which shall be well and fairly packed. The Contents of a Barrel of Eels^ and they shall not be mingled. Packing of barrelled Fish; Chief Officers of Cities and Boroughs, eihpow'ered to appoint Searchers to search and gauge Vessels of Fish. Application of Penalties. Saving for Forfeitures in Franchises.

c. 4, Benefits of Archery. Price of Long Bows shall not exceed 3s. 4d. Penalty, 20*.

Application of Penalties, c. 8. For Benefit of the Town of Berwick, Merchandises brought out of Scotland or in part* the Isles, shall be first brought to Berwick; or to Carlisle. English Merchandises shall not be carried into Scotland; English Goods shall qot be sold to the Scots except at Berwick or Carlisle. Port of Berwick. Salted Salmon. Penalty. Recovery and Application of Penalties. Merchants and Freemen of Berwick shall have to ferm the Waters Royal, and Fishipgs there. Confirmation of all the Liberties, &c. of Berwick. Saving for the Bishop of Durham: —

From the beginning to " Carlisle aforesaid."

070

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

1 Bio. 8. c. 1. c. 2. c. 5. c. 7. c. 14.

Richard III.

An Act against pryvy and unknowen Feoffementf.

An Act to free the Subjects from Benevolencf.

An Act touching Feoffm48 made to the Kynge to the use of others.

An Act for pclamacbn uppon Fynes levyed.

An Act for Dysmes graunted in the princes of Canterbury and Yorke.

J Hen. 7. c. 1.

c. 5. c. 6.

c. 10.

3 Hen. 7. o. 1. (i)

c.

[2.] (») in part.

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 7.

o. 9.

c. 13. c# 16.(3)

4 Hen. 7. c. 1. c. 4 *

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7.

c. 11. c. 12, c. 17.

Henry VII.

An Act that the Demaundant in a forme downo shall have his accon against the pner of the pffyttf.

Tanners.

An Acte that certayne psons w^in Sanctuary shall not have any accons brought against them.

P ficatoribj Italie.

£ CaQa Stellat.

An Acte geving the Court of Starchamber Authority to punnyshe dyvers Mydemeanors.

An Acte against Murderers. In part; namely, —

From " And that yf eny man be slayne " to " execution of the same."

An Acte against fraudulent deedf of gyft.

An Acte against Exchaunge and Rechaunge w^out the Kingf Lycence.

An Acte against Marchantf carrying of goodf from one Port to an other without a certificat from the Customer where the goodf were fyrst entred.

An Acte that the Cytizens of London maye carry all manner of Wares to forrayne Markettf.

An Acte against the excessyve price of Longe bowes.

An Act to enable Feoffes in trust to sue for the benefytt of ye Fef Fors although they be outlawed.

An Act for the graunting forth of Comyssions for Sewers.

An Acte that all Psons serving the Kynge beyound the Sea in Bryttayne may have their ptecctin of pfectur & moratur. (4)

An Act to make voide Ires patentf made to Abbottf Pryors & others for gathering and paying of dysmes. (5)

An Acte that the Office of Styward Forester keep of the Forest of Inglewood shalbe voide. (6)

An Acte that the Yeomen and Oromes of y* Kingf Chamber geve theire Attendauncf on the Kinge.

An Acte for the mayntenaunce of Drapery and making of Cloth.

An Acte for Justicf of Peace for the due execution of theire Comyssions.

An Act against fraudulent feoffinentf tendinge to defrauds the Kinge of his wardes.

(*) This forms the first paragraph of Chapter 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(2) This forms the second paragraph of Chapter 1. in Ruffhead'6 Edition. (3) Not in Ruff head's Edition.

(4) Inclusive of the enactments placed under the heading " An Acte for the passing and t*nsmutacon off landf " 'without Fyne," which before the publication of The Statutes of the Realm had always been printed as part of Chapter 4.

(5) Inclusive of the provisoes entered on the Inrollment and printed 2 Stats, of the Realm, 580, n.

(«) Inclusive of the provisoes entered on the Inrollment and printed 2 Stats, of the Realm, 538, n.

671

c. 18.

c. 22.

c. 23.

c. 24.

7 Hen. 7. c. 1.

c. 2. (>) c. 3. (2) c. 5.

c. 6. (4) c. 7. () c. 11. («) c. 24. (6)

11 Hen. 7. c. 4.

c. 6. c. 7. c. 8. c. 10. c. 11.

c. 16. C. 18.

c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. c. 25. c. 26.

12 Hen. 7. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 6. c. 12. (*) c. 13.

19 Hen. 7. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 8.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Acte against oounterfeting of forrayne Coyne.

An Acte against the deceyptfull waight and working of the golde of Venice Florence & Jeane.

An Acte against carrying awaye of coyne plate vessellf or Jewellf out of this Realme.

An Acte for gclamacSns to be made uppon Fynes.

An Act against Captaynes for hot paying theire Soldyers their Wages, and against Soldyers going from their Captaynes wthout licence.

An Act for dyvers privilege to be graunted to psons being in the Kingf Warrs.

An Acte for Waiglitf and Measures.

An Acte that Abbottf & Pryors shall paye such quinzime & disme as they ought to paye by an Act in the tyme of King Edw. the Fowerth.

Conta Scotos.

An Act to paye Custome for every butt of Malmesey.

Cono xvme.

An Act for the County Palentyne of Lancaster.

An Acte for Wayghtf and Measures.

An Acte for the payment of Custumes for wollen Cloth transported.

An Acte against ryotts and unlawfull assemblyes.

An Acte against Usurye.

P Benevolencia.

An Acte against such Sherers of Worstede as have not byn apprentises to that Trade.

Villa Cales.

An Acte that the Master of the Rollf and other Officers of the Chauncery shall not goe to the Warrs.

An Act for Servantf Wages.

An Acte against Marchaunt Straungers for sellyng of Samoh or other fyshe.

An Acte for Writtf of Attaynt to be brought against Jurors for untrue Verdictf. An Acte against Pjury unlawfull mayntenaunce and corrupcftn in officers.

An Act that Shreiff shall retome sufficient Jurors.

An Acte for taking of Prentises to make Worstedf in the County of Norff.

An Acte for confirmacfcn of dyvers Statutf formerly made against ryottf pjurye and other offencf.

An Acte for the making voide of a Statut conSning Artificers & poore Laborers. An Acte for the making of Wollen Clothes.

An Act for Wayghtf and Measures.

An Acte for Fyfbenthes and Tenthes.

An Act for a Subsidie to be graunted to the Kinge, and for dischardg of some psons from payment thereof.

P attendencia Dno Regi facienda in Guerris.

Custuma Arcuu ad tempus pdonand.

D falsis Verdictis puniend.

]> Balistis non exercitand.

I> Scavagio non recipiendo de Subditis,

(») Chapters 2. and 8. in Ruffhead's Edition* (?) Chapter 4. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Chapter 6. in Ruff head's Edition. (4) Chapter 7. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(ft) Chapter 8. in Ruffhead's Edition. (") Not in Ruffhead'S Edition.

c. 9. c. 14.

c« IS. c. 16.

c. 17.

c. 19. c. 22. c. 27. (l) c. 31. (*) c. 32.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

I> Fcessib3 sup accoib3 specialib3 faciend.

I> Retention^ illicitis.

I> execuc8ib3 conta feoffatos faciend.

]> reformacbne Turnojf ViS in Com Sutii Surr & Sussex.

D Worsted Sherers.

I> Coriariis Frumitorib3 et Alotariis.

I> Attornatis & fcorib3 Villa Cales.

Composicio in? Regem & Stapulam.

I> accionib3 continuand p noyis Militib3 fcis cu Dno Principe. I> auxilio concesso & forma ejusdem.

1 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 6.

c. 8. in part.

c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 17. 0) Cm 20. (1)

3 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 8. c. 9. c. 10.

c. 13. c; 22. (0 c. 23. 0)

4 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 4.

Henry VIII.

An Acte for the repealinge of a Statut for Fyshinge in Island *

An Acte concerning the making of Wollen Clothes.

An Acte concerning Receyvors.

An Acte that Informacftns uppon Penall Statutf shalbe made within three Yeres.

An Acte for repealing of a Statut concerning Justicf of Peace.

An Acte against Escheators and Comyssioners for makinge 1 . namely___

false retornes of Officf & Comyssions - / 9

The following words at the end of the Act, — " Provided also that nothing " penall conteyned in this psent Acte take effecte before the Feaste of " Ester next comyng. And this Acte to endure to the nexte Parliament."

An Act against Pjury.

An Acte for Admyttance of a travers against an untrew InquisicSn.

An Act against carrying out of this Realme any Coyne Plate or Jewellf.

An Act against wearing of costly Apparrell.

An Acte for the assignem1 of money for the Kingf greate Warderobe.

An Acte for a Subsidy to be graunted to the Kynge.

An Act against carrying out of this realme Coyne Plate &c.

An Act concerning Escheators and Cdmyssioners.

An Act concerning shooting in Longe Bowes.

An Act of pryvilegf for such psons as are in the Kingf Warrs.

An Act against such Captaynes as abridg theire Soldyers of theire paye.

An Act against deceyptfull making of Wollen Cloth.

An Acte concerning the assising & setting of Pricf of Victuattf.

An Acte against disguysed psons and Wearing of Visours.

An Acte against buying of Leather out of the open markett being not well tanned or unsealed.

An Acte against shooting in Cros bowes.

I> Subsidio.

P Robto Southwell Milite & Bartho Westby.

P le bulwerkys.

P murdr & felon.

P le Juries infra Civitatem London.

De pclamacbib3 fa5 ante le exigent.

C1) Not in Ruffhead's Edition.

673

c. 5. c. 6. c. 17. 0) c. 18. (i) c. 19. 0)

5 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 5. c. 8. o. 17.

6 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 2. c. 3. c. 5. c. 10. c. 11. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 26.

7 Hen. 8. c. 2.

c. 4. c. 5. c. 6. c. 7.0)

c. 9.(i) c. 10.0)

c. 11.0)

14 & 15 Hen. 8. c. 7.

c. 8. c. 9. c.ll. c. 14. c. 16. (>) c. 17.(1) c. 19. C1)

21 Hen. 8. c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 5. in part.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

P Laboratory.

P sigillacbe pannog auri & argenti.

P Magna Garderoba Regis.

P Roftto Suthwell Milite.

De Subsidio Regi Conceff.

An Acte conSnyng Ministracion of Justice in the Citie of Torney.

An Acte conSnyng Juries in London.

An Acte conSnyng the gftunt of the Kingf geBall pdon.

An Acte of Subsidie of Clx Ml ti.

Acte of Apparell.

Acte for Maytenftnce of Archers.

Acte conSnyng ArtifiSs & Labourers.

Acte conSnyng pulling downe of townes.

Acte conSnyng CCmissions of Sewers.

Acte conSnyng the brynging in of Bowestaves in to this Realttet *

Acte that Norfolk Wolles be not caried oute of this Realme.

Acte avoidyng shoting in Crosbowes.

Acte conSnyng the Kingf Subsidie for Tonnage & pondage.

The Subsidye.

The Mayntenance of the Kyngf Navye.

Thacte for Advoures.

Thacte for Labourers and aftifiSs within the Citie of London.

Thacte of Apparell.

The Kyngf Revenues.

The Subsidie xvme and x"1.

P Stapula Calea.

The Kingf geBall Pardon.

Thacte for shotyng in Crosbowes and Handgonnes.

An Act that the Six Clarkf of the Chauncery maye marry.

An Act concerning Cordwayners.

An Act for the Clothyers in Suff.

An Acte of pryvilegf for such psons as are in the Kingf Warres.

I> Subsidio Regi coneeff.

The Kynges geBall pdon.

Thacte conSnyng the payment of thexpences of the Kingf moost Honorable Houshold.

The Kynges Highnesse his geBall pdon.

An Acte conSninge suche as shall take Seyntwary for Fellonye or Murder.

An Acte conSninge Delayes in Assises.

An Acte conSninge Fynes and somes of Moneye to be taken by the Ministers of Busshops and other Ordinaries of Holye Churche for the Pbate of Testam'f

Section One to " wherof e9y lyne to conteyne in length x. ynches, j d." (2); and Sections Three (8) and Four (4).

in part; namely, —

0) Not in Rnfrhead'8 Edition. (f) Parts of Sections 2V 3. in Rnff head's Edition.

(*) Section 5. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) Section 6. in Ruff head's Edition.

26 & 27 VICT. 4 Q

c. 8. 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. An Acte for the bringing© up and rearing© of Calves to encree the multitude of Cattell.

c. IS. An Acte that Tenantes for ?me of yeares maye falcyfie for their ?me onlie, Reco9ies had and made by theire Leassoures to the defrauding of the saide Smers inSestes.

c. 20. in part. An Acte that the ftaidente of the Kynges Counsaile"| shalbe associate with the Chauncellor and Treasourer >in part; namely, — of Englonde and the Keper of the Kinges Privie Seale - J Section One.

c. 21. c. 24. (') An Acte for Yermoufche con8ninge making© of Worstedes. An Acte for the releasing© unto the Kinge his Highnes of such somes of Moneye as was to be required of him by anye his Subject^ for anye manner of Loane by Ires myssyves or other wayes or meanes whatsoever.

22 Hen. 8, c. 1. c. 2. c. 6. c. 9. c. 13. c. 14. c. 15, An Acte ayenst Reg*tours & Gatherers of Wulles. An Acte for avoyding of foreyn Plees pleded by Felons. An Acte for Bochers not to kepe Tanhouses. An Acte for poysonyng. An Acte conSnyng Bakers, Bruers, Surgeos & Scryveners, An Acte conSnyng Abjuratyons into Seyntuaryes. An Acte conSnyng the pdon graunted to the Kyngf Spuall Subgectf of the Pvynces of Can?bury for the Premunyre.

c. 16. An Acte conSnyng the pdon graunted to the Kyngf Temporall Subgectf for the Premunyre.

c. 18. (0 An Acte conSnyng the Kyngs Household.

23 Hen. 8. c. 2. An Acte conSnyng where and under what maner the Jayles wythin this Re&lme Bhalbe edefyed and made.

c. 3. c. 4. An Acte conSnynge pjurie & punysBhement of untreue 9dictes. An Acte that no Breuera of Bere or Ale shall make their barrels kylderkyns nor firkyns within them; and howmoche the same barrels &c. shall conteyne.

c. 5. in part. A geBall Acte conSnynge Commissions of Sewers to be 1 ., , directed in nil part/ within this Realme - - / m part j namely, -

c. 6. Section Seven from "or if any" to "utter Barrester"(2); Section Eleven to "Teste of the Commission "(3); Section Twelve(4); and the following words at the end of the Act, — " This acte to endure for xx yeres." An Acte conSnynge before whome Recognisaunces of Dettes shalbe made & the feme of the obligacion.

c. 14. c. 16. Pcesse of Outlarie to lie in accions of anno v. R. §odi in Coven*nte and Annuitie. An Acte that no Englissh man shall sell exchaunge or dely9 to be conveid into Scotland, any Hors Gelding or Maere without the Kinges licence.

c. 17. c. 19. An Acte for true wynding of Wolles. An Acte conSnyng the Kyngf g*cyous pdon of Pmunyre granted unto his spuall Subjects of the pvynce of York.

24 Hen. 8. c. 1. c. 2. c. 4. c* 7. c. 9. 25 Hen. 8. c. 7. c. 15. An Acte conSnyng trewe tannyng and coryeng of Lether. An Acte conSnyng the trewe dyeng of Wollen Clothe* An, Acte conSnyng sowing of Flaxe and Hempe. An Acte to contynue and renue the Acte rhade against kyllyng of Calves. An Acte against kyllyng of yong Beastf called Weyndlyngs. An Acte against kyllyng of yonge spaune or frye of Yeles & Salmon. An Acte for prynters & bynders of bokf.

(*) Not in Ruffhcad's Edition. (a) This part forme part of Section 10. in RufThead'* Edition.

(*) This part forms part of Section 16. in Ruff head's Edition. (4) Section 17, in Ruffhead'e Edition.

675

ft >6. 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. An Aete that e9y Judge of the High Courtf may have on<> Chaplayne benefiS w4 cure.

26 Hen. 8. c. 3. in part. An Acte concerninge the paimont of First© Fruites of") all dignities benefices and pmocyons spirituall; & also I concerninge one annuell pencyon of the tenthe parte of > ii\ part; namely, — all the possessions of the Churche, spirituall and temporall, graunted to the Kinges Highnes & his heiresJ

c. 4. Sections Seven (1), Twenty (2), Twenty-one (3), and Twenty-four(4). An Acte for punyshment of Perjury of Jurours yn the Lordshippes Merchers yn Wales.

c. 10. Acte wherby the Kinges Highnes hath auctorite to repelle the statute made for restraynte of Wynes to come yn a fore Cadelmas.

c. 11. An Acte for punishment of Welshemen attemptinge any assawtes or affrays upon any thinhabitauntes of Hereff, Gloug and Shropshire.

c. 12. c. 13. An Acte for purgacion of Convictes in Wales. An Acte wherby divers offences be made high treason, and takynge waye all Sayntuaries for all maner of high treasons.

c. 18. c. 19. () An Acte conSnyng the Kyngf geSall Pardon unto all his subject^. An Acte conteynyng a graunte of Subsedy unto the Kingf Highnes for a xv. and xth.

27 Hen. 8. c. 2. c. 4. c. 6. c. 9. An Acte conSnyng the forgyng of the Kingf signo manuell Signet Sc Prevye sele. An Acte conSnyng Pyrottes & Robbers of the See. An Acte conSnyng the breade of Horsys. An Acte lycensyng all Bochers for a tyme to sell vytell in grosse at theyr pleasure.

c. 10. in part. An Acte conSnyng uses and wylles. In part; namely, — Sections Six (l) and Nine (6), and Section Eleven (?) to end of Act.

c.ll. in part. c. 17. An Acte conSnynge Clerkes of the Signet and Privie Seale. In part; namely, — Section Ten. An Acte conSnyng suche as ben putt in trust© by their Maisters and after do robbe them.

c. 19. c. 24. in part. An Acte lymyttyng an Order for Seyntuaries & Sayntuarie psonnes. An Acte for recontvnuyng of Stayne libties and franchises \ heretofore taken frome the Crovrne - - _ j m part; namely, -Section Nine (8).

c. 25. c. 27. c. 60. An Acte for punysshement of sturdy vacabundes and beggers. An Acte establisshinge the Courte of Augmentacions. An Acte lymytyng of a lenger day to be gyvon to the Collectours of the Tenthe for bringyng in their Certificat into the Kyngf Escheker.

c. 63. (*) An Acte declaryng Steyn Ordenancf to be observyd in the Towne of Calis and Marches of the same.

28 Hen. 8. c. 1. An Acte that Felons abjuryng for Pety Treason murder or felony shall not be admytted to the benefyte of their Clergye.

c. 2. An Acte for contynuyng of two Statutes made in the laste Parliament touching suche as go awaye wl Casketts Jewells Goodes or Plate of theyr Maisters.

c. 3. An Acte gyvyng the Kyngf Highnes auctoryte newly to allotte the Townships of Wales at any tyme within thre yeres next ensuyng.

(*) Section 8. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) Section 23. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Section 24. fn Ruffhead's Edition. (*) Sections 28, 29. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Not in Raff head's Edition. (e) Section 11. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(') Section 14. in Raffhead's Edition. (#) Sections 10, 11. in Ruffhead's Edition.

4 Q 2

, j c. 4i

c. 6.

c. 8.

c. 9.

- V.

c. 11.

- in port

c. 14.

31 Hen. 8. c. 6.

c. 7. c. 11. c. 12.

32 Hen. 8. c. 3.

i c. 4. i

c. 6.

-, «. 8

e.

in part. Ci 10 .: c.ll.

c. 12.

c. 13.

c. 16.' c. 21. c. 22. M3, c. 26.

33, Hen. 8. c. 30.

in put.

c. 33. c. 36. c. 45. c. 49. C. 50. C. 51.(2) in part.

2*511 & 27° !VICT0ftI.iE, c. 125.

An Acte repelyng of the Statute lately made for the bryngyng in of Doulas and Lokerams.

An Acte for the contynuyng of the Statutes for Beggars and Vacabundf;

and ayenst conveyaunce of Horses and Mares out of this realme; ayenst Wellssheraen makyng affraies in the Countyes of Hertf GlouS and Salop; and ayenst the vice of Buggery.

An Acte for contynuaunce of the Statutes ayenst the cariage of Brasse Laten and Cop oute of this Realme and for makyng of Cables and Ropes and others.

An Acte for contynuance of the Statutes of Perjurie, for makyng of Jayles, & for sowing of Flaxe and Hempe.

An Acte for restitucftn of the first FVtiytys in the tymel.

of Vaeacion to the next Incumbent -, - - J m P8*; namel7> —

Sections Five and Six.

An Acte lymytyng the prycSS of Wynes.

An Acte that such as were Religious psons may purchace.

An Acte for Beggers and Vagaboadf.

An Acte for the allotting of Steal Totmeshipps in Wales.

An Acte against taking of Hawkf.

For the cotinuacOn of Actes.

Tryall of Treasons in Wales.

Felonyes uppon conveying of Horses into Scotland.

Partriches & Faysantf. '

Agenst maintenaunce and embracery byeng of titles, &c. In part; namely, — Section Five.

An Acte for moderacion of Incontinence for Pristf.

An Acte conSnyng stelyng of Haukf eggf Conyes & Deerew ConSning Sanctuaries.

Commissions to be made to Bishops Chancellers Coffiissar Archidiac &c. conSning ChFen Religion.

ConSning Strangers.

Trinite terme .;

For Bishops conSning paye* of tithes .;

The Subsidie of the Clergie of Canturbery.

Concerning Christes Religion.

Mispleading Jeofailes, &c. In part; namely, —

Section Two (!).

Wrongfull dis8eas}fn to be no descente.

Thexposition of the Statute of Fines.

The Court of First fruytf and Tenth.

The Kyngf GeBall Pdon.

The Bill for the Subsydy.

The Kingf aucte to make Joyntures & to geve landf to! in namely_ the Prince, &c. - - - / F

Section Two.

33 Hen. 8.

c. 4. An Acte concerning© Pewterers.

c.lh- The Bill ayest conjuraSttns & wichecraftes and sorcery

and enchantments.

- .i, .; ,

(*) Sections 2, 3. in Ruff head's Edition. (2) Not among the Publio Acts in BoffheBd's Edition.

in part.

c. 11.

c. 14.

o, 15.

c. 17.

c. 1$.

c. 20. in part.

c. 21. in part.

c. 24. in part.

c. 28.

c. 29.

c. 89. in part.

84 & 85 Hen. 8. c. 7.

c. 11.

c. 13. in part.

c. 16.

c. 22.

c. 27. (7) c. 28.(7)

35 Hen. 8. c. 1. in part.

c. 7.

c. 8. c. 12. c. 18.

26' & 27°lViiCTOI*I^ 9, 13#-

An Acte for M*yntenance of Artyllarie and debarringe of 1.

unlauM Games - - - | u part, namely, —

Sections Fourteen and Seventeen (!). j

An Acte for Butchers to sell at their Pleasures by Weight cjr otherwise.

Touching Prophesies uppon DeclaracSn of $Tames Armes Badges, &c.

For the Sanctuary off Manchestre.

An Acte for Coutynuauuce and Confirmacon of Sten Actes.

An Acte for true making© of Ker&ies. j .,

An Acte for due Pees to be had in Highe Treason in Cases 1 . name]y

of Lunacye or Madnes - -, -, - J ?, *

Sections One and Two (2)r and Section Three (3) "lunacye notwith-standinge." ' ": i

The Bill of Atteyiider of Mestres Katherin Hawarde, [late Queue of England, and divers other psonnes her nn part; namely, — complices - -J; ° , L; i 1;

Section Six, and Sections Eight to Teh.

An Acte that noe Man shalbe Justice of Assise in hh T.

owne Countrie - -: - - inpart; namely, -

Sections One to Four(4).

An Act for the Chauncellor of the Dutchie of Banca^ter; and others 4©, have Chaplaines.

The Bill for tq ephable paons late Religious suppressed to sue & and to be sued, &c. 7

The Byll for thestablishment of the Courte of Surveyor. In part; namely, —

Sections One to Thirty-five (6), and Section Thirty-eight (*).

An Acte to kucthorise certaine of tho Kinges Ma^ Cornwell to sett Prices upon Wynes to be soldo by^Retayle.

An Acte for the true making of Frisks and Cottens in Walee.

An Acte for Knightf and Burgesses to have places in the!

Parliament for the Countie Palantyne and Citie of >in part; namely, — Chestre -

Section Two.

An Acte for Shiriefff to be dischardged uppon theyre acbomptes and to have allowance for theyr reasonable expences in the Courte of thexchequer.

An Acte that fynes in Townes corparate shalbe made as the sam6 have been in tymes past.

An Acte for the Subsidie of the Temporaltie

An Acte for the Subsidie of the Clergie gravinted of both Provinces Ckni^rbirye and York.

m

An Acte concerninge thestabilishment of the Majesties Succession in the Imperiall Crowne Realme -

\q Kingfl e of the >

in part; namely, —

Sections Nine, Ten, and Eleven. j

An Acte for the repealinge of a Sten Statute concerninge the bringinge in of Salt Fishe and StockfyBhe.

An Acte concerninge Cowpers.

The Bill for the remytting of the Lone.

The Kingf Majtle» generall Pardomne.

(*) Sections 21. and 24. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(+>Section trtrr RnffheatTv Edition.

(*) These form Sections 1. to 49. in Ruffhead's Edition, p) Not ia Boghead's Edition*: /

(*) These form Section 1. in Roffhead's Edition.

Q in R in Rnffh^'p EfltWfl-

() Section 58. in Ruffhead's Edition.

vl ' - *- 11 ' wl Uf .F , i- h' _.H V

37 Hen. 8, c. 5.

c. 7. c. 8.

c. 10.

c. 13. c. 15. c. 17. c. 19. c. 22. c. 23. c. 24. c. 35.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Acte that such as have goodf to CCCC flkf maye passe in Attaintf.

An Acte for the abrogacttn of six weeks Sessions.

An Acte that an Inditem* lacking theis wordf, vi & armis, shalbe sufficient in Lawe.

An Acte against slanderous Billes.

An Acte for the repealing of the Statute for Pynners.

An Acte against regrating of Woolles.

An Acte that the Doctors of the Civill Lawe may excise Ecctiastic Jurisdiccbn. An Acte for fynes in the County Palatyn of Lancaster.

An Acte to fill Juryes de circumstafi.

An Acte for contynuaStin of Staine Statutes.

Thacte for the Subsidie grunted by the Clergie.

An Acte concerning the Graunt of one entire Subsidie and two whole Fifteenes and Tenths granted by the Temporaltie.

1 Ed. 6. c. 2. c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 7. in part.

c. 12. in part.

c. 13.

c. 15.

2 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 2.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. c. 6.

c. 8. in part.

c. 10. c. 16.

c. 28.

Edward VI.

An Acte for the election of Bisshoppf, and what Seales and Style they and other Spuall psons exercising Jurisdiction Ecclesiasticall shall use.

An Acte for the Punishment of Vagabondes and for the Relief of the poore and impotent Parsons.

An Acte for Tenures holden in Capite.

An Acte for the contynuaunce of Actions after the deathe of 1, #, ___

anny King of this Realme - -J 9

Section Two.

An Acte for the Repeale of certaine Statutes concerninge nampt __

Treasons, Felonyes, &c. - - J V*9

Section One (*), Sections Three to Eleven (2), Section Fourteen (3), and Section Eighteen to end of Act.

An Acte for a Subsidye of Tonnage and Pondage of Marchaundizes; with a Proviso for the Confirmactm of the Privileges of the March^tf of the Stilyarde; which Proviso shall endure but onelio to thende of this Parlament.

An Act for a General Pardon.

An Acte towchynge the true Service required in Captaynes and Souldiors.

An Acte towchinge Purveyors.

An Acte for Shiriefff to have certayne Allowaunces upon their Accomptes.

An Acte to releasse Fee Fermes in Cities & Townes for three Yeres.

An Acte againste the exaction of money or other thinge by any Officer to traffike into Iseland.

An Acte towchinge the findinge of Offices before the 1 ., .

Escheator - - - ' Jmpart; namely, -

Section Two (4), and Sections Six to Eight (5).

An Acte for the true makinge of Maulte.

Touching the removing of suche as have the custodye of C as tel If and Fortresses uppon the borders and beyonde the Seas; wth dewe recopence to be appointed unto them in other placf.

An Acte for Fynes with Pclamacftns in the Countie Palantine of Chester.

(*) Section 9. in Ruff head's Edition. (2) These are Sections 4. to 12. in Raff head's Edition.

(") Section 15. in Ruff head's Edition. (4) Sections 4, 5. in Ruff head's Edition.

O These form Sections 9. to 12. in Ruffhead's Edition.

679 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 29. c. 31. An Acte againste Buggorie. The Citie of Chester; towching the taking of RecognisauncGs of Statute Marchant or Acton Burnell.

c. 32. c. 34. An Acte for the contynuance of certeyne Statutes. An Acte for the ShiriefF of Northumberland© to be accomptable for his Office as other Shirieffes bee.

c. 35. c. 36. c. 38. c. 39. An Acte for the Subsidie of the Clergie. An Acte for a Relieff graunted to the Kyngf Magestie by the Temporaltie. An Acte for the paving of the Towne of Calyce. An Act for the Kingf MatCS generall pardon.

3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 1. An Acte that the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the greate Seale for the tyme being shall name and appoynte the Custos Rotulojt throughout all Shires of Englande accordinge as in tyme paste hathe bene accustomed.

c. 3. in part. An Acte conceminge the ymprovement of Comons and 1 . namely Waste Groundes - - - / ^)arx 9 Sections Three and Four (l).

c. 6. An Acte concerninge the Repeale of a braunche in the Acte of Parliament made for buying of tanned Lether.

c. 7. An Acte of repeale of a Statute made in the fyve and twentithe yere of Kinge Henrie theight, touching the takinge of Wyldfoule at certeyne tymes in the yeare.

c. 8. in part. c. 11. An Acte for the contynuance of the Statute of Sewers. In part; namely, — Sections One and Four (*). An Acte that the Kingf Matt* fflaye nominat xxxii peons to pnse and make Ecctiasticall Lawes.

c. 12. c. 15. c. 17. An Acte for the orderinge of Ecctiasticall Ministers. An Acte againste fonde and fantasticall Prophesies. An Acte ageynst unlawfull hunting© in any Porck Forrest Chace or other enclosed grownde.

c. 18. c. 20. An Acte concemynge the Fee Permes mentioned in the last Session. An Acte touching© the Repeale of a certeyne braunche of an Acte passed in the laste Session of this Parliament conceminge Vyttualers and Artyficers.

c. 22. o. 23. An Acte concerayng reteynyng of Jorneymen by dy9se psons. An Acte concernyng the releasse of the brunches in the last Acte of Relieff for the paymentf for Shepe and Clothes; And also a gaunte of a Subsidie to be payed in one yere.

C. 24. An Act of the Kingf Highnes most free and generall Pardon.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 2. o. 8. o. 11. in part. o. 18. For the Provisyon and Relief of the Poore. An Acte lymittinge what psons shall weave or make brode Wollen Clothe. An Acte for the punyshment of di9se Treasons. In part; namely, — Sections One to Three (3), and Seven to Nine (4). An Acte for the Declaracbn of a Statute made in the one and thirtieth yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte towchinge Religious psons.

c. 16. In part. C. 17. c. 23. An Acte againste buying© and selling© of Offices. In part; namely, — The last two Sections. An Acte for the contynuance of certaynG Statutf. An Acte for the true stufiynge of Featherbeddf Mattresses and Quyssheons.

(') Sections 5, 6. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) Section 4. forms part of Section 2. in Ruffhead'f Edition.

(*) These form Sections 3. to 6. in Raffho&d'ta Edition.

0) These form Sections 10. and 11, and Section 12 *, except the Saving* in Ruffhtad'fl Edhicn.

7 Ed. 6. c. 1. c. 2.

c. 4. in part.

c. 6.

c. II. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14.

, 2ft° & 27° yjgsrqtyL, ?. 125.

An Acte for the true aunsweringe of the Kinges Majesties Revenues.

An Acte for the dissolving uniting or annexing of certayne Courtes latelie erected by the King that deade ys.

An Acte that all Patentees of Collectourshippes of Tenthes 1 ., .

shalbe bounde for their Collections - j 111 namev>

Sections One (*) and Four (a).

An Acte reviving a Statute made in the xvijth yere of King Edwarde the Fourthe touching the carrieng of Golde and Sylver out of the Realme.

An Acte for the continuaunce of certayne Statutes.

An Act for the Graunt of a Subsidye and twoo XYCS and X08 by the Temporaltie. An Acte for the Confirma68n of a Subsidie grunted by the Clergie.

The Kingf Ma*08 moste free and generall Pardone.

1 Mar. Stat. l. c. 1.

in part

1 Mar. Stat. 2. c. 4.

c. 5. c. 7. c. 10. c. 12. c. 13. c. 14. c. 17. c. 18.

Maby.

An Acte repealing certayne Treasons Felonies and Premunire. In part; namely, —

Section Two (3).

An Acte touching Writinges made from the syxthe daye of Julye last paste,

and before the first daye of August then next ensuenge.

An Acte for the Lymytacyon of Prescription in certAyne cases.

An Acte touching Proclamations upon Fines.

An Acte for the uniting dissolving or newe erecting of Courtes.

An Acte againste unlawfull and rebellyous Assembles.

An Acte for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

An Acte for the continuance of a Statute made for the reparation bf Gaoles.

An Acte for the Release of the last Subsidie of the Temporaltie.

An Acte of a Subsidie of Tonnage and Pondage of dyvers Marchaundises.

1 Mar. Stat. 3. c. 2.

c. c. 12.

An Acte touching the Articles of the Quenes Highnes most noble Marriage. An Acte touching Qrdin*nces and Rules in Cathedrall Churches and Scooles. An Acte for the eontinuacbn of certayn Statutes.

1 & 2 Ph. & Mar.

c. 1.

c. 3.

c. 5.

o. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. ill part.

c. 12. in part.

Philip & Mart.

An Acte touchingc Ires patentee and other writinges to be signed by the Queues Majestie.

An Acte against sedityous Woordes and Rumours. f

An Aote to restrayne carrieng of Corne Victuals and Wood oyer the Sea.

An Acte repealing all Statutes Articles and Provisions tmade against the See Apostolick of Rome since the XXth yere of King Henr^ theight, and also for thestablishment of all Spyrytuall and Ecclesiasticall Possessions and Hereditamentes conveyed to the Layetye. j

An Acte for the punishement of Traterous Woordes against the Quenes Ma*.

An Acte wherby certayne Offences bee made Trefcon*; I and also for the 1 Governoment of the Kinges and Quenes Majesties Issye j -

Except Sections Six (4) and Eight. i

An Act touching thimpounding of Distresses. In part; njunely, —

Section Three.

0) Station & in RufTbead'i Edition. (2) Section fi. in RufFhead's Edition. '

(*) Section 4. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) The part of Section 7. in RuiFhead's Edition preceding the Saving.

i «/; , / f

C. 14. c. 16.

\ c. 17.

2 & 3 Ph. & Mar. 1 1 c. 1.

c. 2.

c. 5. c. 6. c. 9.

c. 13. c. 15.

c. 21. c. 22. c. 23.

4 & 5 Ph. & Mar.

c. 3.

c. 6. c. 9. c. 10. c. 11.

261, & 27JMct6rI., c. 125.

An Act for the making of Russelles Sattins Sattens Reverses and Fu&tian of Naples in the Citie of Norwiche.

An Act for the continuance of certayne Statutes.

An Act towching Leases hereafter to Lee made by certain© Spirituall Psons.

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of Castelles and Fortes, and for thenclosing of Growndes from the Borders towardes and against Scotlande.

An Acte for the Reedyfieng of decayed Houses of Husbandrie, and for thencrease of Tyllage.

An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore.

An Acte against thexcessive taking of Purveyours.

An Acte to make voyde dyvers Lycences of Houses wherin unlawfull Games bee used

An Acte for thinhabitantes of Halyfaxe touching the byeng of Woolles.

An Acte that Purveyoures shall not take Victalles w^in v. miles of Cambridge or Oxforde.

An Acte for the contynuance of certayne Statutes. '' 7;

An Acte for the Confirmacttn of a Subsidie graunted by the Clergfe.

An Acte for a Subsidie to the Kyng and Queues Me1*.

An Acte for the taking of Musters.

An Acte tenquire of the behaviour of Frenchemen being Denizens.

An Acte for the continuacbn of certaine Statutes.

An Acte for the Confirmactm of a Subsidie gi^unted by the Clergie.

An Acte of a Subsidie and one XVme granted by the Lordf and Comunz.

Elizabeth. i

I Eliz. c. 1. in part.

v c. 2* in part.

c. 4.

* ixi part.

j

c. 5.

I ..it C*6.

i c. 7.

An Acte restoring to the Crowne thaucyent Jurisdiction 1

over the State Ecclesiasticall and Sfuall, and abolyshing >in 'part; namely, — all Forreine Power repugnant to the same -

Section Nine (^ Section Ten to'<riri comon withe any other pson or psons " (2), and Sections Seventeen (8), Twenty (4), Twenty-three, and Twenty-four (6).

An Acte for the Uniformitie of Common Prayouro ^andl

Dyvyne Service in the Churche, and the Administration >in part; naifieiy, — of the Sacramentes -

Section Seven (i).

An Acte for the Restitution of the First Fruites, and' '

Tenthes and Rentes reserved Nomine Deoime *

Parsonages Impropriate, to Thimperiall Crowne Realme -

es, and v and of(. of this

in part; namely, —

Sections Four (6), Nine (4), and Twelve (7).

An Acte whereby certayne Offences be made Treason.

An Acte for the explanation of the Statute of eedytyous Woordes and Rumours. An Acte to revive a Statute made in the xxiii*1 yere of the Reigne of King Henrye the Eight, touching the conveieng of Horseaj Geldinges and Mares into Siotlaude.

— faction m Raff head* Edition. (*) This part of Section 10. forms Sections 20, 2K in^RuffhmuHaJBdition.

(*) Section 33. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) Section 36. in Ruffhead's Edition.

Q These are Sections 39. to 43. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) Section 2$. in Ruffheadfa Edition. '

Section 39. in Ruff head's Edition.

26 & 27 Vict. 4 R

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 12. c. 16. c. 17. in part. An Acte against the deceiptfull using of Lynnen Clothe, An Acte to continue Thacte made against Rebellyous Assemblyes. An Acte for the preservaSSn of Spawne and Frye ofl ., , Jtyshe . - -, J _]* in part; namely, — The following words at the end of Section Eight (!), — "This Acte to endure to thende of the next© Pliament," and Section Nine (2),

c. 18. c. 19. in part. An Acte for the Continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte giving Aucthoritie to the Quenes Majestie uppon thadvoidance^ of any Archebishoppriche or Bishoppriche to take into her Handes cer- 1 teine of the Temporail Possessions therof, recompensing the same with f Peonages Impropriate and Tenthes -Except the last Section.

c. 20. o. 21. c. 22. An Acte of the Subsidye of Tonage and Pondage. An Acte of a Subsidye and ij. XVth and Xth by the Tempaltye. An Acte wherby the Quenes Highness maye jnako Ordinaune$s pud Rules in Churches Collegiate Corporacons and Scooles.

5 Eliz. c. 5. in part. An Acte towching certayne Politiquo Constitutions made 1 . # for the maintenance of the Navye - / ^aiX 9 Sections One, Ten to Eighteen (3), Twenty-two (4), Twenty-three (5), Twenty-nine to Thirty-two (), and Thirty-four (7).

c. 6. An Acte agaynste suche as shall sell anny Ware for Appareill without ready© Moneye.

c. 9. in part. i An Act for the Punyshement of suche persones as shall 1 naTy>e|y u procure or c5mit any wyllfull Perjurye - - J P ' Section Four (8), and the following words at the end of the Act^ — " This Acte to continue unto the ende of the next Pliament."

c. 15. c. 19. An Act against fonde and phantasticall Prophesyes. An Acte for the Repeale of a Branch of a Statute made An0 1 Edw. yj. touching the conveieng of Horses and Geldinges out of the Realme.

c. 24. An Acte for the revivyng of a Statute made An0 23° Henr Octavi, towching the making of Gaoles.

c. 27. c. 28. in part. An Acte towching Fines to bee levied in the County Palatyne of Durham. An Acte for the translating of the Bible and the Dyvine 1 . Service into the Welshe Tongue - / m part; namely, - Section Two.

c. 29. c. 30. (») o. 31. (i°) c. 32. (») An Acte for the ConfirmacSn of a Subsidye granted by the Clergye. An Acte of the Quenes Ma^8 moste free and generall Pardon. A Subsydye wth two XVmes and Xth, graunted by the Temporaltye. An Acte of an Assignement of certayne S5mes of Money to defreye the Chardges of the Quenes Majesties Howsholde.

8 Eliz, o. 1. An Acte declaring© the manner of making© and consecrating© of the Archbushopes and Busshops of this Realme to be good lawful and parfecte.

c. 7. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. C. 17. An Acte touchinge Drapers Cottoners and Freesers in the Town© of Shrewisburye. An Acte touchinge transportinge of tawed Lether. An Acte for prservacbn of Grayne. An Acte that in divrse Counties there shalbe but one Sheriffe in one Countye. An Acte for Confirmacbn of a Subsedie graunted by the Clergye.

C1) Section 12. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) Section 13. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) These are Sections 13. to 27. in Ruff head's Edition. (4) Sections 36. to 38. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Sections 89, 40. in Ruffhead's Edition. () These are Sections 46. to 49. in Ruffhaad's Edition.

O Section 61. in Ruffhead's Edition. (8) Section 10. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Chapter 31. In Ruffhead's Edition. (, 0) Chapter 30. in Ruffhe&d's Edition.

(") Not among the Public Acts in Ruffhead's Edition.

683

C. 18. c. 19. 20, 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. An Act© of a Fifteenth and Ten the grfcunted by the Temporal tye* An Acte of the Quenes Ma^ free and geBall Pardon. An Acte for the Repeale of a Braunche of a Statute made An0 26 H. 8. touching© Tryall of Offences in the Countic of Merioneth in North Wales.

13 Elis. c. 1. c. 2. in part. An Acte whereby certayno Offences bee made Treason. An Acte agaynste the bringing in and putting in Execution 1 # of Bulls and other Instruments from the Sea of Rome - j 1 9 Sections Four to Six (J).

c. 3* c. 4. in part. An Acte against Fugytyyes over the Sea. An Acte to make the Landes Tenemtes Goodes and Cattalles of Tellers Receavers, &c. lyable to the payment of their > in part; namely, — Debtes - -J Sections Two, Three (2), Five to Seven (8), Nine (4), and Thirteen (6).

c. 5. in part. An Acte against fraudulent Deedes Gyftes Alienations, | . namely — Sections Four (6) and Six (7).

c. 9. in part. An Acte for the Commission of Sewers. In part; namely, — Section One, Section Two to "then next ensuing," and Sections Four, Six, and Seven.

c. 12. in part. An Act to refourme certayne Dysorders touching Ministers I # j _ of the Churche - - J P" 7> Section One, and Section Three from " And that no pson nowe " to the end of the Section (8).

c. 13. c. 20. in part. An Acte for the encrease of Tyllage, &c. An Acte touching Leasses of Benefices and other Ecclesi-1 . ^. namGiv _ asticall Lyvynges with Cure - - j P 2 J* Section Three (9).

c. 21. An Acte that Purveyours may take Graine Come or Yyctuals within fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxford, in certayne cases.

c. 22. c. 25. c. 26. c. 27. An Acte to contynue the Statute for Division of Sheriffes. An Acte for the revyvyng and continuance of certayne Statutes. An Acte for the Confirmactfn of a Subsedie gr*unted by the Clergye. An Acte of a Subsidie and Two Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Tem-poraltye.

c. 28. An Acte of the Quenes Highnesse most© gracious generall and free Pardon.

14 Eliz. c. 1. An Acte for the Punyshement of suche as shall rebellyously take or deteyne, or conspire to take or deteyne from the Queens MaUe, any of her Castelles Towers Fortresses Holdes, &c.

c. 2. An Acte against© suche as shall conspyre or practyso the enlargement of any Prisoner committed for Highe Treason.

c. 4. An Acte to revive a Statute made Anno Primo of the Queens Matiei Raigne, inhibiting the carrieng of Leather Tallowe and Raw© Hides out of the Realme.

c. 5. An Acte for the Punishement of Yacabondes, and for the Releif of the Poore & Impotent.

Oa 6. An Acte for thexplanaotin of a Statute made against© Fugitives over the Seas, in the Thirtenth yeere of the Queenes Matie* Raigne.

c. 7. An Acte againste the Deceiptes of Under Collectours of the Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargye.

(*) Sections 7* to 0. in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) These are Sections 2, 3, 4. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Sections 6. to 9. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) Sections 11, 12. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) Section 10. in Rttffhead's Edition. (8) Section 5. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(7) Section 7. in Ruffhead's Edition. (8) This part of Section 3. forms Section 4. in Rttffhead's Edition.

() Part of Section 2. in Ruffhead'B Edition.

4 R 2

, - c. 8.

K.'Vl 'V t.

0.14,

in part, c. 12.

18 Eliz. c. 3. c. 5. in part.

I

c. 8.

c. 11. in pfurh

c. 13. c. 15.

. \ u Sit part, c. 22. c. 23.

* "*' "' c. 24. 23 Eliz. c. 2.

c. 3. in part.

c. 4. c. 14. c. 15. c. 16.

27 c. 1.

c. 3. in part.

c. 4. in part.

c. 8.

c. 9. in part.

26 & zr Vi&Tomm, o. 125.

An Acte for the atoyding of Recoveryes suffered by Collusion by Tenantes for tearme of Lyef and snche others.

An Acte for the continuacon explanacon perfiting and en-1 ._.

lardging of divers Estatntes - . j m part; namely, —

Sections One to Four (l), and Section Eight (2).

An Acte for the Repeale of a Statute made Anno Octavo of the Queenes Ma* Raigne, towching the Towne of Shrewesburye.

An Aete for th<e setting of the Poore on Worke, and for the avoyding of Ydlenes.

An Acte to redresse Disorders in Comon Infourmers upon 1 .

PenaULawes - - - ^.jmpart; namely, -

The last Section.

An Acte for the appointinge and authorising of Justices of Assises in the Shieres of Wales.

An Acte for ThexplanaStfn jof the Statutf entytuled '

"m defeating o ' bee made of

againste the defeating of Diiapidacons, and againste Spuall Promoctfns in some

yin part 5 nawJy^r

Leases to Respects

Section Five (3).

An Acte concenyng the Offices fownde w^in the Countyes Palentynes.

An Acte for Refourmacftn of Abuses in Goldsmythes:—

Except from " And yf anye Goldesmyth" to the end.

An Acte for Confirmactfn of a Subsidy graunted by the Cleargye.

An Acte of Two Fyfteenes and Tenthes and One Subsydye graunted by the Temporal tye.

An Acte of the Queenes Matie8 moste Free and Generali Pardon.

An Acte against sedicious Wordes and Rumors uttered againste the Queenes moste excellent Majestie.

An Acte for the Reformacon of Errours in Fynes and Re- namely___

coveries - - - _ j* in pai, y,

Sections Three, Four, Five, Seven, and Eight.

An Acte for the fortifieng of the Borders towardes Scotland.

An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargye.

An Acte for a Subsidie and Two Fyftecns graunted by the Temporaltie.

An Act for the Queenes Matiei most graciouse generall and free Pardon.

An Act for Provision to be made for the Suertie of the Queenes Majesties most Royall Person, and the continuaunce of the Realme in Peace.

An Act for the explanation of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Reigne intituled, An Act to I make the Lands Tenementes Goodes and Chattels of >in part; namely, — Tellers Receivors, &c. liable to the paiment of their 1 Debtes - - -)

Sections Two (4) and Six (3).

An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyaunces. In part; namely, —

Section Five (3) to end of Act.

An Act for Redresse of erronious Judgemenies in the Courte comonly called The

Kinges Benche.

An Act for Reformacion of Errors in Fynes and Re-1

coveries in the xij Shieres of Wales, Towne and Countie >in part 5 namely, — of Haverforde West, with the Counties Palentine -

Sections Three to Five (5), and the last two Sections.

(l) ^ese are Sections 1.1o- 16. in Raff head's Edition.

(*) Section 7. in RofFhead's Edition.

(*) Section 5. forms Sections 6, 6. in RufFhead's Edition.

(*) Section 20. in Ruffhead's Edition ^, (4) Section 3, in Ruff head's Edition.

c. 10. 26-s* 27° VICTQKrtif:, p. 125, _ 68{>. An Ajct.for the Continuaunce of a former Statute entituled An Act to redresse Disorders in c5mon Informers upon penall Statutes, made in the xviij yere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne.

c. 11. c. 12. V./ in part. An Act for the revivynge continuaunce and perfectinge of divers $tatutf. An Act for the swearinge of Under Sherifes and other 1 . J. _, Under Officers and, Mynisters - ? j in part; namely, — Section Two (').

c. 14. c. 16. c. c. 28. c. 29. An Act for revivynge of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte. An Act touchinge Artificers usinge the cuttinge of Leather. j -1 An Acte for the Clothyers of Boxsted in the County of Essex. An Acte of a Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie. An Acte of one entyer Subsidie and Twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporal tie.

c. 30. An Act for the Queenes Majesties most gracious generall and free Pardon.

[28&]29Eliz. c. 2. c. 3. c. 5. in part. c. 7. c. 8. An Acte conceminge Errors in Recordes of Attayndors of Highe Treason. An Acte to avoyde fraudulent Assuraunces made in Steyn causes by Traytors. An Acte for the Contynuance and pfectinge of di9s0 Statutf:— Except the last Section. An Acte of one Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie. An Acte for the graunte of one entier Subsidie and Twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie.

c. 9. An Acte for the Queues Ma^ most gracious generall and free Pardon.

31 Eliz. c. 1. An Acte againste Discontynuauncf of Writtf of Error in the Courte of Exchequer and Kingf Benche.

o; 2. c. 3. in part. An Acte for abridginge Pclamacbns upon Fynes to be levied at the Comen Lawe. An Acte for the avoydinge of privie and secrete Outlaries l of Her Majesties Subjects - J in 9 Section Two.

c. 8. An Acte for the true gawginge of Vesselles brought from beyonde the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utteraunce and Sale of Ale and Beare.

c. 10. in part. c. 14. c. 15. An Act for the contynuance and pfectinge of di9se Statutf:— Except the last Section. An Acte for the Confirmacfcn of the Subsidies of the Cleargie. An Acte for the grauntinge of Fowre Fiftenes and Tenthes, and twoe entier Subsidies to oure most graciowse So9aigne Ladie the Queues most Excellent Ma*.

c. 16. An Act for the Queenes generall Pardon.

"* 3$ Eliz* c. 7. c. 12. c. 13. An Acte for Contin of di9se Statutf. A$ Acte for the confirma66n of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergye. An Acte for the Graunte of Three entier Subsidies and Sixe Fifteenes and Tenthes, graunted by the Temporaltie.

c. 14. An Acte for the Queues Ma^ most gracious geRall & free Pardon.

39[&40]Eliz. c.l. c. 2. c. 3* . c. 7. i, An Acte againste the decayinge of Townes & Howses of Husbandrye. An Acte for the maintenance of Husbandrie & Tillage. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. An Acte for the more speedy Payment of the Quenes Majesties Debtf, and for the better Explanacftn of the Acte made in the xiij11* yenre of the Queenes Majesty, intituled An Acte to make the Landf Tentf Goodf and Chattels of Tellors Receyvors, &c. liable to the payment of their Debtf. — - 0) Section 3. in Ruffhead's Edition,

686 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 8. An Acte concerning the Confirmacbn and Establishment of the DeprivacSn oi divers Byshops and Deanes in the beginning of her Majesties Raigne.

c. 11. An Act for the better Execucftn of the Statute made in the 'three and twentyth yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne for the abolyshing of Logwood ala Block-wood, in the dyeng of Cloth Wooll or Yarne.

c. 12. An Acte for thexplanacftn of the Statute made in the fifth yeare of her Majesties Raigne conSnyng Laborers.

c. 18. An Explanacon of an Acte made in the eleaventh yere of King Henry the Seaventh, for Fustyans.

c. 14. c. 18. An Act phibiting the bringing into this Realme of anye forreigne Cardf for Wooll. An Acte for the reviving continuance explanacon pfecting and repealing of divers Statutf.

c. 26. c. 27. c. 28. An Act for the Confirmation of the Subsidies granted by the Cleargie. An Acte for the Graunte of Three Subsidies and Sixe Fiftenes and Tenthes. An Acte for the Queenes Mat? most gratyous geBall and free Pardon.

43[&44]EU*.o.l. An Acte for Confirmacftn of Grauntes made to the Queenes Majestie, and of Letters Patentee made by her Highnes to others.

c. 2. in part. ©. 8. c. 5. in part. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore. In part; namely, — Sections Eleven to Sixteen (*), and Section Nineteen (2). An Acte for the necessaHe Releife of Souldiers and Mariners. An Acte to Jvent Pjurie and suhornacon of Pjurie, and! , aTY10i_ nnnecessarie Expences in Suites of Lawe - - j 9 v Section Two (3).

c. 6. in part. An Acte to avoide trifling and frivolous Suites in Law in 1 . _ . her Majesties Courtes at West. - - .)m part; namely, - The following words at the end of the Act, — " This Acte to endure to the ehde of the flrste Session of the tiexte Parliamente."

c. 9. c. 12. c. 14. c. 15. An Acte for contynuance of dyvers Statutes, and for repeale of some others. An Acte conSninge matters of Assurances, amongste Marchantes* An Aote conSninge the Assize of Fewell* An Acte for the leviynge of Fynes withe Pclamaotfn, of Landes within the Countie of the Citie of Chester *

c. 17. c. 18. An Acte for the Confirmacbn of the Subsedies graunted by the Clergie. An Acte for the Graunte of Fower entire Subsidies and Eighte Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie.

c. 19. An Acte for the Queenes Majesties moste gracious geBall and free Pardon.

1 [& 2] Jac. l.(4) c. 2. c. 10. c. 18. James I. An Acte authorizinge certaine Commissioners of the Realme of England to treate withe Commissioners of Scotland, for the Weale of bothe Kingdomes. An Acte for the better execution of Justice. An Act for avoydingo of deceiptfull sellinge buyinge dr spendinge Corrupts and unwholesome Hoppes *

c. 24. An Acte againste the deceiptfull and false makinge of Mildernix, and Powle Davies, whereof Saile Clothes for the Navie and other Shippinge are made.

c. 25. An Aote for continuynge and revivinge of divers Statutes, and for repealinge of some others *

(l) Sections 12. to 17. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) Section 20. in Ruffhead's Edition.

C1) Section 3. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) In Ruffhead's Edition, 2 [vulgo l] Jae. 1.

C. 2<?.

c. 29, c. 33.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Acte for the continuance and due observation of certain© Orders for the Exchequer, first set downe and established by vertue of a Privie Seale from the late Queene Elizabeth,

An Acte to encourage the Seamen of England to take Fishe, wherebie they may encrease to furaishe the Navie of England,

An Acte of a Subsiedie of Tonnage and Poundage,

3[& 4] Jac.l. c. 3.

0. 8, c. 10. in part.

c. 25. c. 26.

c. 27.

An Act declaratorie, explayning a branche of an Acte made in the firste Session of this Parliament, intituled An Acte authorizing certain© Commissioners of the Realme of England© to treat with Commissioners of Scotland©, for the Weale of both Kingdomes.

An Acte for the avoiding of unnecessarie delayes of ExecuSftn.

An Acte for the rating and levying of the charges for \f conveying Malefactors and Offendors to the Gaole - J1 P, Y* Section Four (*).

An Acte for Confirmactfn of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie.

An Acte for the Grant of Three entire Subsidies and Six Fifteenes and Tenthes granted by the Temporary,

An Acte for the Kings Majesties most gracious generall and free Pardon.

4[& 5] Jac.l. c. 1.

c. 9.

7[fc 8] Jac.l. c. 1.

c. 3.

0.4.

c. 5. in part.

7.

c. 8f

c. 12. in part.

c. 14.

c. 16.

An Act for the utter abolicion of all memory of Hostilitie and the Dependances thereof between© England and Scotland, and for the repressing© of occasions of Discord and Disorders in tyme to come.

An Act to explaine a former Act made the last Session of this Parliament, intituled An Act to enable all his Majesties lovinge Subjects of England and Wales to trade freelie into the Domynions of Spaine Portugal© and France.

An Acte for the better Execucion of Justice and suppressing of criminall Offenders in the North Partf of the Kingdome of England.

An Acte for the contynuinge and better Maintenance of Husbandry© and") other manuell Occupacions by the true ymployment of Moneys given and >:— to be given for the byndinge out of Apprentices -J

Except as to Gifts already made.

An Acte for the due execucion of divers Lawes pnd Statutes heretofore made against Rogues Yagabpndf and Sturdy© Beggars and other lewde and idle psons.

An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and \ contencious Suites, nsecuted against Justices of the.

Peace Maiors Constables and Staine other his Majesties j 1 Officers, for the lawfqll execucion of their Office -J

Section Two.

in part; namely, —

An Acte for the punishing© and correcting© of Deceiptf and Fraudes ©omitted by Sorters Kembers and Spinsters of Wooll and Weavers of Woollen Yarne.

An Act© to enlarge the Acte of Parliament made in the Second and Third yeare of Kinge Phillippe and Queene Marye, intituled An Act for the keepinge Milch Kyne, and for the breeding© and rearing© of Calves.

An Acte to avoid© the double Payment of Debtf. In part; namely, —

The following words at the end of the Act, — " This Act to contynue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and noe longer " (2).

An Acte for the revivinge of parte of a former Acte made in the fourth yeare of Kinge Edward the Fowrtb, that noe Stranger or Alyen should buy any English Hornes unwrought; and that the Wardens of the Horners of the Cittie of London for the tyme being should have power to search all manner of Wares apperteyninge to their Mistpry© in London, and foure and twentye miles on every side of it.

An Acte for the inoouraging© of many poore People in Cumberland and Westmorland, and in the Townes and Parishes of Carptmeale Hawkeshead and Broughton, in the Countio of Lancaster, to contynue their Trade of makinge Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons.

(') Fart of Section 3. in Ruff head's Edition. (*) This forms Section 3. in Ruff head's Edition.

687

688

21

v.

/, r; v

>*p

i.

c. 17.

c. 22. c. 23.

c. 24.

[&22] Jac. 1.]

, c. 2.

c. 3. in part.

c. 5.

i

c. 6.

c. 7. in part. c. 9. c. 12. in part,

c. 16. in p&f.

:; 'c. I7«

... v.22.

c. 28.

c. 33.

v. o* 3K '; c. S&

*'fa'&ffiWbiWRik; circs.

An Acte against buminge of Linge and Heath, and other Moorbuminge in the Counties of York Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westmorland Lancaster Darbye Nottingham and Leicester, at unseasonable tymes of the yeare.

An Acte for the Confirmacion of the Subsidie graunted by the Clergie.

An Acta for the Graunte of One entire Subsidye and One Fiftenth and Tenth graunted by the Tempondtie *

An Acte for the Kingf most gracious gefiall and free Pardon.

thl.

_ > in part; namely, —

An Act for the general quiett of the Subject against all ptences of Conceale-mentf.

An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with" penall Lawes and the For fey ture thereof

Section Five.

An Acte jx Shreifff having a Quietus est fchalbe absolutly dischardgd of theire Accomptf.

An Acte concerning Women convicted of smale Felonies.

An Acte for repressing of Drunckennesse:—

Except Sections Four and Five (').

An Acte for the free Trade of Welch Clothes.

An Acte for ease in Pleading, against troublesom and/) namely__________

contencious Suitf - - -J r *

Section One (*).

An Acte for lymytaWn of AecSns, and for avoyding of\

Suiifin Lawo - - . 8 part; namely, —

Sections One and Two.

An Acte against Usury, , /

Aa ^ciatoocenkiiig the Traders of Butter and Gheeee.

An Aeto for contynewing and revyving of divers Statutf, and Repe&le of dyverf others .:

An Act for payment of Three Subsidies and Three Fyftenes by the Temporalty.

An Acte for Oonflrmadkm of foww ^Subsidies graunted by the Clergye.

An Acte for the Emg£ free and general! "Pardon.

X v

v

ir

v 11.

Ur j

r*1-

rtwh "-V") 11>

, i'v1

part.

t r if I V *. t, 1

Charles I.' '' 'A A^Acte|or punijing of^iyers abuses comitted. the ^. namely>_

The following words at the end of the Act, — " This Act to contynue untill t; -r :l ' " the end of the first Session of the taext Paa4ia^nVahd}no longer."

An Acte for the ease in the obtayning of Licenses of Alienacion, and in the rl: plCading of Alienacions with License, or of pardons of Alienacions without Diden ^, ' 'in the Court of Exchequer and dlsewhereJ,

a* *'1 u' c. 5.J Ad ActeTot the Confirm&ckrn of the' Subsidies g

- An Acte Ibr the Graunt of two entire Subsif^,

c. 3.

i; !>

c. 6.

9r, ?\

in part.

by the Clergie. by the Temporaltie.

ipn, of Parliaments, sfy*U} jxft (^tdnnyne, by his Majesties

1 sojuc 'qthqr Ac tea, , r j

Joyall assent, to

Air *: 'Act ' for *1 the further1 VefoiWaciori rif sundry fuse's 1 J ..

cflnMtod on the Ldrd^ Day cBtnonli'e called Sond»y i - j- m part, namely, — i^.l/ -.ill l'> iii 'i n >iii The folloVring.words latjitha aridof-the ActyJ-', iThis lActXo continue to the

: end of the firSt'Sesiioii'ctf the ndxt^ P«EliaIrient.',;

/ITjU» i W C7*J7U AAA MI t. 77 7 .r I /

(l) Sections 3, 4. in Ruffhead's Edition, o (*) Chapter 1. in Ruffhead's Edition. °

(2) Section 2. in (4) Chapter 4. in

c.

c.

16 Car. 1,

L

7. Q)

3.

60 & 270, VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Act for the confirmacion of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie.

An Acte for the Graunt of five entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie.

c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. o.

c. 6.

C. 7.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 12.

c. , 13.

c. 17. c. 18.

c. 19.

c. 20.

c. 21.

c. 22.

c. 24. c. 2$. c, 26.

c. 2$.

c. 29.

c. 30.

An Act for the releif of His Majesties Armie and the Northern Parts of the Kingdome.

An Act for the reforming of some things mistaken in the late Act made this psent Parliament for the granting of four Subsidies entitoled An Act for the releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern Parts of this Kingdome, and to make good the Acts of the Commissioners and other Officers by them authorized or appointed and to be authorized or appointed.

An Act for the further releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern Parts of the Kingdome.

An Act for the better raising and leavying of Mariners Sailers and others for the present guarding of the Seas and necessary defence of the Realme.

An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Terme.

Aji Act to prevent inconveniences which may happen by the untimely adjourning proroguing or dissolving of this present Parliament.

A Subsidie granted to the King of Tunnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

An Act for the speedie provision of money for disbanding the Armies and sctling the peace of the two Kingdomes of England and Scotland.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money paiable uppon Merchandizes exported & imported.

An Act for the securing of such moneys as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants of the Countie of Yorke and the other adjoyning Counties wherein his Majesties Army is or hath beene billetted for the billet of the Sofcildiers of the said Army as also to certein Officers of the said Army who do, forbear part of theire pay according to an Order in that behalfe made in the Commons House of Parliament this present Session for such part of theire pay^aa they shall so forbeare.

An Act for the Pacification between England and Scotland.

An Act for securing by publique faith the Remainder of the freindly assistance and releife promised to our brethren of Scotland.

An Act for the better ordering and regulating of the Office of Clarke of the Market allowed & confirmed by this Statute a^d (j»nd], fer the reformation of false Weights and Measures.

An Act for the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the Order of Knighthood.

An Act for the free bringing in of Gunpowder and Salt peter from Forraign parts and for the free making of Gunpowder in this Realme.

A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other suing of money payable upon Merchandize exported & imported. j ' '

An Act for the releife of the Captives taken by Turkish Moorish and other Pirates and to prevent the taking of others in time to cpme^ 1

A Subsidy granted to the King of To mage Poundage an other siunmes of money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported

An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Saijers and others for the present guarding of the Seas & necessary defence of this ftealme & other his

MntM '

MaticB Dominions.

An Act for the better raising and leavying of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage Pomjdag&and payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

An Act for a speedie contribucftn and loan towards the distressed Subjects of the Kingdome of Ireland.

the present defence of other sumes of money

it

releife of his Majesties

rrrrrr^ -mt ?*)* *rft* r »t* .r- - — O Chapter 7. in Boghead's JSditionr-

Ivf -'I.fijf! fv'.i 'V .o '')

, >, t,) 1 > i J

Chapter in Boghead's Editieib -

690

c. 31. A Subsidy graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other* Bumsof money payable upon Merchandize exported h imported.

c. 32. An Act for the raising and leavying of Moneys for the necessary defence and great affaires of the Kingdomes of England and Ireland and for the payment of debts undertaken by the Parliament.

c. 36. A Subsidy graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage & other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported & imported.

12 Cai\ 2. c. 2. c. 3. c. 5. Charles II. An Act for putting in execution an Ordinance mentioned in this Act. An Act for the Continuance of Processe and Judiciall Proceedings. An Act for continuing the Excise untill the twentyeth of August One thousand six hundred & sixty.

c. 6. c. 8. An Act for the present Nominating of Commissioners of Sewers. An Act for continuing of the Excise till the five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty.

c. 9. An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea.

c. 10. An Act for supplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act entituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea.

c. lo. c. 16. An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdome. An Act for inabling the Souldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to exercise Trades.

c. 17. -c. 20. An Act for the Confirming and Restoreing of Ministers. An Act for raising seavenscore thousand poundf for the Compleate disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy. '

c. 21. An Act for the speedy raising of Seaventy thousand poundf for the present Supply of his Majestye.

c. 22. An Act for the Regulating of the Tfade of Bay makeing in the [Dutchy] Bay Hall in Colchester.

c. 23. A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the encrease of His Majesty's Revenue dureing HiB Life.

c. 24. in part. An Act takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries'] and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and I # namely Purveyance, and for setting a Revenue upon his Majesty f v J> in lieu thereof -

c. 25. Section Fourteen from "For all Metheglin" to the end of that Section(l), Sections Fifteen (s), Nineteen to Twenty-three (*), and Section Twenty-five (4) to end of Act. An Act for the better Ordering the Selling of Wines by Retaile, and for preventing Abases in the Mingling Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for Setting and Limitting the Prices of the same.

c. 26. An Act for the levying of the Arreares of the twelve moneths Assessment commenceing the fower and twentyeth [day] of June One thousand six hundred fifty nine, and the six moneths Assessment commenceing the five and twentyeth [day] of December One thousand sixe hundred fifty nine.

c. 27. An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestic Fower hundred and twenty thousand poundf by an Assessment of three score and ten thousand poundf by the moneth for six moneths for disbanding the remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

"7^1 This part of Section 14. forms Sections Id. to 27. in Rnflfhead's Edition. (*) Section 28. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) These are Sections 32. to 36. in Ruff head's Edition. (4) Section 38. in Ruffhead's Edition.

c. 28. 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c b91 An Act for further suplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act intituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea.

c. 29. An Act for the raiseing of seaventy thousand poundf for the further supply of his Majestie.

c. 33. c. 85. An Act for Confirmation of Marriages. An Act for Erecting and Establishing a Post Office.

13 Car. 2. Stat. 1. c. 1. in part. An Act for Safely and Preservation of His Majesties Person and Government against Treasonable and Seditious >in part; namely, — practices and attempts - - J Sections One and Two.

c. 2. An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament entituled An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporall Jurisdiccon or Authority.

c. 3. An Act for the declaring vesting and setting of all such Moneys Goods and other things in His Majesty which were received levied or collected in these late times and are remaining in the hands or possession of any Treasurers Receivers Collectors or others not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion.

o. 6. in part. An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in King and for the present ordering & disposing the same - - - j Except the preamble to " lawfull Successors."

c. 7. c. 8. An Act for confirming Pubtique Acts. An Act for providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in pjis Royall Progresse and Removalls.

c. 11. c. 13. c. 14. An Act for Confirming of three Acts therein mentioned. An Act for vesting the Arreares of the Excise and Newlmpost in His Majesty. An Act for Confirming an Act entituled An Act for encouraging and encreasing of Shipping & Navigation and severall other Acts both pubtique and private mentioned therein.

13 Car. 2. Stat. 2. c. 1. in part. c. 2. in part. An Act for the well Governing and Regulating of Corpora- 1 ., , tions - - - J 111 lmr 9 11 e y9 Sections One (!), Four to Six (2), Eleven and Twelve (3). An Act for prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests and of! Delaies in Suits of Law - - - j Except Sections Two and Three (4), and the last Section.

c. 3. An Act' for granting unto the Kings Majestie twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to bee assessed and levied by an assessment of threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for cighteene moneths.

14 Car. 2. (5) c. 3. in part. An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of 1 # namely this Kingdom - - / ' Sections Nineteen (6), Twenty-two (7), and Twenty-three (8), wholly; and also the rest of the Act except so far as it relates to the respective Militias of the City of London, of the Tower Hamlets, and of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their members.

c. 4. in part. An Act for the Uniformity of Pubtique Prayers and Administracon of Sacraments & other Rites & Ceremonies and I for establishing the Form of making ordaining and conse- >in part; namely, — crating Bishops Preists and Deacons in thq Church of 1 England - - - J Section Nine (9), and the last Section.

c. 5. An Act, for regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolke and Norwich.

0 Section 2, in Ruffhead'a Edition. 0 These form Sections 7. to 9. in RufFhegd's Edition.

() These are Sections 14, 15. in Ruffhead's Edition. (4) .Sections 3, 4. in Ruffhead's Edition.

0 13 & 14 Car. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition. (6) Section 20. in Ruffhead's Edition.

0 Section 23. in Ruffhead's ^Edition. 0 Section 24. in Ruffhead's Edition. U 0

() Section 13. in Ruffhead's Edition.

4 S 2

692 c. 6. c. 7. 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. An Act for enlarging and repairing of Common High wayee. An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides out of the Realme of England.

c. 8. An Act for Distribution of Threescore thousand pounds amongst the truly Loyal and Indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and distributing [the] Moneys thereby raised for theire further supply.

c. 9. An Act for the releife of poore and maimed Officers and Souldiers who have faithfully served His Majesty and His Royal Father in the late Wars.

c. 12. iu part. An Act for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdom. In part; namely, — Sections Four to Fourteen, Sixteen, Seventeen, Nineteen, Twenty-three, and Twenty-five.

c. 14. c. 15. c. 16. An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods. An Act for regulating the Trade of Silk throwing. An Act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those persons to accompt whose Accompts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion.

c. 17. An Act for Releife of Collectors of Publick Moneys and theire Assistants and Deputies.

c. 20. An Act for providing Carriage by Land and by Water for the use of Hie Majesties Navy and Ordnance.

c. 21. in part. An Act for preventing the unnecessary charge of Sheriffes and for ease ini . passing theire Accompts - - - J Except Sections One, Two, and Six (l).

c. 22. c. 23. c. 32. An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England. An AddicSnal Act concerning matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants. An Act for the better regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloath within the West Riding of the County of Yorke.

c. 33. An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing seditious treasonable and unlicensed Bookes and Pamphlets and for regulating of Printing and Printing Presses.

15 Car. 2. c. 3. An Act to expl&ine and supply a former Act for distribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and destributing the moncyes thereby raised for their further supply.

c. 4. in part. An Additional Act for the better ordering the Forces in \. i the severall Counties of this Kingdome - J 1 P # J* Sections Eight, Nine, Sixteen, and Eighteen, wholly; and also the rest of the Act except so far as it relates to the respective Militias of the City of London, of the Tower Hamlets, and of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns and their members.

-c. 5. c. 6. in part. An Act for regulating Select Yestryes. An Act for Releife of such Persons as by Sicknes or other Impediment were disabled from subscribeing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity and > Explanation of part of the said Act - - - J Except Section Four (2), and the last Section.

c. 9. c. 10. c. 11. An Act for granting Fower intire Subsidies to His Majestic by the Temporaltie. An Act for confirming of Fower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy. An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein.

c. 12. c. 14. An Explanatory Act for Recovery of the Arreares of Excise. An Act for setling the Proffitts of the Post Office and Power of graunting Wyne Lycences on his Royall Highnes the Duke of Yorke and the Ileires Males of his Body.

c. 15. An Act for encourageing the Manufactures of makeing Linen Cloath and Tapistry.

(l) Section 7. iul Ruffhead's Edition. (a) Section 6. in Ruffhead's Edition.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. 693

c. 16. An Act for regulateing the Herring and other Fisheries, and for repeale of the Act concerning Madder.

16 Car. 2. c. 2. An Act for preventing of Abatements of Writts of Error upon Judgements in the Exchequer.

c. 4. c. 5. An Act to prevent and suppresae seditious Conventicles. An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesty's Navy Royall.

c. 6. c. 8. An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchants Shipps. An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse.

16 & 17Car.2. c. 1. An Act for granting a Royall Ayd unto the Kings Majestic of Twenty fower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred Pounds to be raised leavyed and paid in the space of Three Yeares.

c. 3. c. 4. c. 5. in part. An Act for the returning of able and sufficient Jurors. An Additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise. An Act to prevent Delayes in extending Statutes Judge- 1 # i ments and Recognizances - - j The last Section.

c. 6. An Act for repealing of part of An Act of Parlyament intituled An Act directing the prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods.

c. 7. c. 8. in part. An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse. An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement and superseding 1 # immelv Executions ---- m part; namely, Sections Three, Four, and Six.

17 Car. 2. c. 1. An Act for granting the summe of Twelve hundred and fiffcie thousand pounds to the Kings Majestie for His present further Supply.

c. 4. c. 5. An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse. An Act for attainting Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield and Thomas Scott of High-Treason if they render not themselves by a day.

C. 6* c. 8. in part. c. 9. An Act for takeing away of Damage Cleere. An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delayes. In part; namely, — The last Section. An Act for granting One Month's Assessment to His Majestie.

18w&19 (*) Car. 2. __ c. 1. c. 3. An Act for raising Moneys by a Poll, and otherwise towards the Maintenance of the present Warr. An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Thefte and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England.

c. 4. c. 5. in part. c. 6. (*) An Act for Burying in Woollen onely. An Act for encourageing of Coynage. In part; namely, — Section Six to end of Act. An Act Explanatory of the Act for raiscing Moneyes by a Poll and otherwise towards the Maintenance of this present Warr.

c. 9. (») c. 11. (*) in part. An Act for reliefe of Poore Prisoners and setting of them on worke. An Act for Redresse of Inconveniences by want of Proofed of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting > in part; namely, — themselves, upon whose Lives Estates doe depend -J Section Three.

c. 12. (*) An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesties Navy Royall.

0 The Acts of this Session to Chapter 5. inclusive are given as of 18 Car. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(*) 19 Car. 2. c. I. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 19 Car. 2. c. 4. in Ruffhead's Edition. J — — *

(*) 19 Car. 2. c. 6. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 19 Car. 9. c. 7. in Ruffhead's Edition.

c. 13.

19 & 20 Car. 2.

c. 1.

c. 3.

c. 4. (4)

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 7. 0

c. 9. (8)

c. 10.

c. 11. (I0) c. 12.

22 Car. 2. c. 3.

c. 4. c. 8. c. 9 *

c. 12. in part.

c. 13.

22 & 2 3 Car. 2. c. 2.

c. 3.

c. 4.

c. 5.

c. 6.

c. 8.

c. 9.

c. 10. in part.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Act for granting the Summe of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteene shillings to the Kings Majestie towards the Maintenance of the present Warr.

An Act for taking the Accompts of the severall Sums of Money therein mencbned.

An Act to make Prize Ships free for Trade.

An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation.

An Act for setting Freedoms and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland.

An Act for raising Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors.

An Act for the better Payment of Moneys received for the Use of the Crown.

An Act for proceeding to Judgement on Writs of Error brought in the Exchequer.

An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned or dressed.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk Throwing.

An Additional Act against the Importation of Forreign Cattel.

An Act for granting unto his Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the Fower and twenty eth day of June One thousand six hundred seaven ty and the Fower and twenty eth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy eight.

An Act for setleing the Imposition on Brandy.

An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corne and Salt.

An Act Authorizing certaine Commissioners of the Realme of England to treate with Commissioners of Scotland for the Weale of both Kingdomes.

An Additional Act for the better repairing of Highwayes and Bridges: —

Except Section Two; and except so far as relates to Bridges over Rivers in the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Monmouth.

An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breede of Catle.

An Act for continuance of a former Act entituled An Act to pvent Delayes in extending Statutes Judgements and Recognizances.

An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majestie for Supply of his Extraordinary Occasions., .

An Act for continuance of a former Act to prevent arrests of Judgements and superseding Executions.

An Act for an Additionall Excise upon Beere, Ale and other Liquors.

An Act for revesting the Power of granting Wine Licences in his Majesty his Heires and Successors and for setleing a Recompence on his Royall Highnesse in liew thereof.

An Act for the regulateing the makeing of Kidderminster Stuffes.

An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law.

An Act for the better setling of Intestates Estates. In part; namely, —

The last Section.

Q 19 Car. 2. c. 8. in Ruffhead's Edition. () 19 Car. 2. c. 11. in Ruffhead's Edition. (*) 19 Car. 2. c. 13. in Ruffhead's Edition.

S7) 20 Car. 2. c. 2. in Ruffhead's Edition.)20 Car. 2. c. 5. in Ruffhead's Edition, (u) 20 Car. 2. c. 7. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(2) 19 Car. 2. c. 9. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(4) 19 Car. 2. c. 12. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(6) 20 Car. 2. c. 1. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(") 20 Car. 2. c. 4. in Ruffhead's Edition.

(10) 20 Car. 2. c. 6. in Ruffhead's Edition.

695

c. 11. in part. 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

An Act to prevent the delivery up of Merchants Shipps, 1 ., and for the Increase of good and serviceable Shipping - j m P8* namev!> The last Section (1).

c. 12. c. 13. c. 18. An Additionall Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corne and Salt. An Act for exporting of Beere Ale and Mum. An Act for the better regulateing of Workehouses for setting the Poore on Worke.

c. 19. An Act to prevent Fraudes in the buying and selling of Cattell in Smithfeild and elsewhere.

c. 20. c. 21. An Act for the Releife and Release of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt. An Act for takeing the Accompts of Sixty thousand pounds and other Moneys given to the loyall and indigent Officers.

c. 22. in part. An Act for the better and more certaine Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due to his Majestie - -J Except Section Five (*).

c. 23. An Act to revive an Act, Entituled An Act to prevent the disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Roy all, with some Alterations and Additions.

c. 27. An Act for explaining of a Proviso conteyned in an Act, entituled An Act for setling the Profitts of ye Post-Office and Power of granteing Wine-Licences on His Roy all Highnes ye Duke of Yorke and the Heyres Males of his Body.

25 Car. 2. c. 1. An Act for raising the Summe of Twelve hundred thirty eight thousand seaven hundred and fifty Pounds for supply of his Majesties extraordinary occasions.

c. 2. c. 4. An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants. An Act for repeal© of a Clause in a former Act to prohibit Salesmen from selling Fatt Cattell.

c. 5. c. 6. An Act for the Kings Majesty's most Gratious, Generali and Free Pardon. An Act for takeing t)ff Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, Product and Manufacture of the Nation.

c. 7. An Act for the incouragement of the Greeneland and Eastland Trades, and for the better secureing the Plantation Trade.

c. 8. An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Cbyhage.

29 Car. 2. c. 1. An Act for raising the Summe of Five hundred eighty fpure thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfepenny for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warn

c. 2. An Act for an additionall Excise upon Beere, Ale and other Liquors for Three yeares.

29 & 30 Car. 2. c. 1. An Act for raising Money by a Poll and otherwise to enable His Majestie to enter into an actuall Warr against the French King and for prohibiting severall French Commodities.

c. 2. An Act for continuance of two former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England.

30 Car. 2. c. 1. An Act for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Six hundred nineteene thousand three hundred eighty eight pounds eleaven shillings and nine pence for disbanding the Army and other uses therein mentioned.

c. 2. An Act for granting an additionall Duty to His Majestie upon Wines for Three yeares.

c. 4. An Act for the further Relief and Discharge of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt.

(!) The last two Sections in Ruffhead's Edition. (2) Section 9. in Ruffhead's Edition.

696 26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

c. 5. An Acte for repealeing certaine words in a Clause in a former Act entituled An Act for enlargeing and repaireipg of Common Highwayes.

c. 6. An Act for reviving a former Act entitled An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delayes and for oonUnuanne of oaef: other Act entituled An Act for the better settling of Intestates Estates.

c. 7. 1 in part. An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of tfye 1, Executors and Administrators of Executors in their > in part; namely, — own wrong - - The following words at the end of the Act, -"This Act to continue in force for three years and from thence to the end of the next Session ' of Parlyament and noe longer."

---

31 Car. 2. c. 1. in part. An Act for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand fower hundred sixtie two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven - Except the last Section.

c. 2. An Act for the better secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond the seas - in part; namely, Section Fourteen (*).

c. 3. An Act for reingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple.

JAMES II.

1 Jac. 2. c. 3. An Act for Granting His Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vineger Imported betweene the Foure and and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety and three.

c. 4. An Act for Granting to His Majestie an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar Imported betweene the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred eighty five and the Foure and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred ninety three.

c. 5. An Act for Granting an Aid to his Majestie by an Imposition on all French Linnens and all East-India Linnen and severall other Manufactures of India and on all French wrought Silks and Stuffs and on all other wrought Silks and on all Brandyes Imported after the First Day of July One thousand six hundred eighty five and before the First Day of July One thousand six hundred and ninety.

c. 6. An Act for repealing certaine Clauses in an Act of Parlyament made in the Nine and twentyeth and Thirtyeth yeares of the Raigne of His late Majestie for Prohibiting French Comodities.

c. 7. An Act for Reviveing and continuing Two former Acts for Encouragement of Coynage.

c. 8. An Act against the Importation of Gunpowder Arms and other Ammunition and Utensils of Warr.

c. 10. An Act for the Providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in His Royall Progresse and Removalls.

c. 11. An Act for Reviveing an Act for Providing of Carriages by Land and by Water for the Use of His Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

(*) Section 15. in Ruffhead's Edition.

26° & 27° VICTORIAE, c. 125. 697

c. 12. An Act for Consolidating the Estates Tail and Reversion in Fee which His Majestie hath in the Post-Office and Twenty foure thousand pounds per Annum of the Hereditary Excise.

c. 13. An Act for Reviveing a former Act for Exporting of Leather.

c. 14. An Act for Continuance of Three former Acts for Preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England.

c. 17. in part. An Act for Reviveing and Continuance of severall Acts of Parlyament therein mentioned - in Part; namely, - Sections Two to Five, and Section Eight to end of Act.

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1863.

