A

﻿COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the SIXTH SESSION of the EIGHTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1864.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the SIXTH Session of the EIGHTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 1

II. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence to receive the full Benefit of the Salary of Governor General of India, notwithstanding his being in receipt of an Annuity granted to him by the East India Company. 2

III. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 3

IV. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 46

V. An Act to apply the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. 82

VI. An Act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. 83

VII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland. 85

VIII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Conveyancers, Special Pleaders, and Draughtsmen in Equity practising in Ireland. 85

IX. An Act to allow the making of Malt Duty-free to be used in feeding Animals. 86

X. An Act to continue for a further Period certain Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts. 88

XI. An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. 89

XII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the warehousing of British Spirits. 90

XIII. An Act to further extend the Time for making Enrolments under the Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Lands for Charitable Uses, and otherwise to amend the said Law. 93

XIV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." 94

XV. An Act for making better and further Provision for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the High Court of Chancery. 98

XVI. An Act to confirm the Appointment of Henry Pendock St. George Tucker Esquire as One of the Judges of Her Majesty's High Court at Bombay, and to establish the Validity of certain Proceedings therein. 100

XVII. An Act for the Abolition of Vestry Cess in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 100

XVIII. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. 102

XIX. An Act to enable Joint Stock Companies carrying on Business in Foreign Countries to have Official Seals to be used in such Countries. 111

XX. An Act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in Ireland. 112

XXI. An Act to indemnify certain Persons from any penal Consequences which they may have incurred by sitting and voting as Members of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Under Secretary of State. 113

XXII. An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Counties in Ireland. 114

XXIII. An Act to repeal Enactments relating to Naval Prize of War and Matters connected therewith or with the Discipline or Management of the Navy. 126

XXIV. An Act to provide for the Appointment, Duties, and Remuneration of Agents for Ships of War, and for the Distribution of Salvage, Bounty, Prize, and other Money among the Officers and Crews thereof. 130

XXV. An Act for regulating Naval Prize of War. 134

XXVI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Southampton, Brighton, Hexham, Oswaldtwistle, Bolton, Ashford, Oswestry, Fareham, West Cowes, and Wilton. 143

XXVII. An Act for regulating the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors. 165

XXVIII. An Act to amend "The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1853," in relation to Jurors and Juries in the County of Cork. 168

XXIX. An Act to amend the Act Third and Fourth Victoria Chapter Fifty-four, for making further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners. 170

XXX. An Act to provide for the Alteration of the Circuits of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, and for holding additional Circuit Courts. 172

XXXI. An Act to settle an Annuity on Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, in consideration of the distinguished Services performed by the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine. 173

XXXII. An Act to enable certain Banking Copartnerships which shall discontinue the Issue of their own Bank Notes to sue and be sued by their public Officer. 173

XXXIII. An Act to facilitate the Commutation and Sale of certain Vicarage Teinds in Scotland. 174

XXXIV. An Act for amending the Law relating to Seats in the House of Commons of Persons holding certain Public Offices. 177

XXXV. An Act for more effectually regulating the Sale of Beer in Ireland. 178

XXXVI. An Act to amend the Law relative to the Payment of the Shares of Prize and other Money belonging to deceased Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Land Forces. 181

XXXVII. An Act to amend and extend the Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers. 182

XXXVIII. An Act to facilitate the Redemption of Chief Rents in Ireland. 184

XXXIX. An Act to amend the Union Assessment Committee Act (1862). 186

XL. An Act for authorizing the Relinquishment in favour of the King of the Hellenes of certain Money payable in respect of the Greek Loan. 188

XLI. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Charity called "The Free Grammar School" in the City of Coventry. 189

XLII. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes. 190

XLIII. An Act to grant additional Facilities for the Purchase of small Government Annuities, and for assuring Payments of Money on Death. 191

XLIV. An Act to amend the Act relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England, Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five. 194

XLV. An Act to further amend The Settled Estates Act of 1856. 195

XLVI. An Act to provide for the Investment and Appropriation of all Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments to be made on Death. 196

XLVII. An Act to amend the Penal Servitude Acts. 197

XLVIII. An Act for the Extension of the Factory Acts. 200

XLIX. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 203

L. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to provide for the Registration and Transfer of Indian Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively. 206

LI. An Act to vest the Site of the India Office in Her Majesty for the Service of the Government of India. 206

LII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland. 207

LIII. An Act to make Provision for Uniformity of Process in summary Criminal Prosecutions and Prosecutions for Penalties in the Inferior Courts in Scotland. 208

LIV. An Act for the Union of the Diocesan Courts and Registries in Ireland; for the Regulation of the Mode of Procedure therein, and also in the Provincial Courts of Armagh and Dublin; and for Appeals therefrom. 224

LV. An Act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the Metropolitan Police District. 237

LVI. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. 238

LVII. An Act to make Provision respecting the Acquisition of Lands required by the Admiralty for the Public Service, and respecting the Use and Disposition thereof, and the Execution of Works thereon. 243

LVIII. An Act for confirming a Provisional Order concerning Pilotage made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to Hartlepool. 248

LIX. An Act to continue the Deputy Commissioners in Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Salaries of the Deputy Commissioners, Secretary, and Clerk of the General Board of Lunacy in Scotland. 254

LX. An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant a Lease for Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years of the Building known as the College of Physicians in Pall Mall East. 255

LXI. An Act for empowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to guarantee, and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to advance, the Sums authorized to be borrowed for the Embankment of the Thames and Improvement of the Metropolis; and for other Purposes connected therewith. 255

LXII. An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863. 258

LXIII. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 258

LXIV. An Act for further regulating the closing of Public Houses and Refreshment Houses within the Metropolitan Police District, the City of London, certain Corporate Boroughs, and other Places. 259

LXV. An Act for amending the Law relating to the Removal of Clerks of the Peace. 261

LXVI. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners. 262

LXVII. An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases relating to Trespasses in Pursuit of Game. 263

LXVIII. An Act to amend the Local Government Act of 1858 so far as it applies to Oxford. 264

LXIX. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 265

LXX. An Act to substitute fixed instead of fluctuating Incomes for the Members of certain minor Corporations in certain of the Cathedral Churches in England. 277

LXXI. An Act for amending and extending the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1851, and the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1860. 277

LXXII. An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863. 280

LXXIII. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 282

LXXIV. An Act for raising the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. 310

LXXV. An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Nuisances on Turnpike Roads, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. 312

LXXVI. An Act to make valid defective Registration of Deeds in certain Cases, and to substitute Stamps in lieu of the Fees now payable on Proceedings in the Registrar of Deeds Office in Ireland. 315

LXXVII. An Act to repeal and in part to re-enact certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Ionian States, and to establish the Validity of certain Things done in the said States. 318

LXXVIII. An Act for impressing by Machinery Signatures of Names on Bank Notes and certain Bills of the Bank of Ireland. 320

LXXIX. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 321

LXXX. An Act to extend the Provisions of "The Criminal Justice Act, 1855," to the Liberties of the Cinque Ports and to the District of Romney Marsh in the County of Kent 327

LXXXI. An Act for amending the Act 11th & 12th George the Third, Cap. 17. (I.), in respect of the Charges on the Revenues of the Archbishopric of Armagh. 328

LXXXII. An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of a Loan for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand. 329

LXXXIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Kingston-upon-Hull, Stockport, Penzance, Shanklin, Portsmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Woolwich, and Tormoham. 331

LXXXIV. An Act for continuing various expiring Acts. 355

LXXXV. An Act for the Prevention of Contagious Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations. 357

LXXXVI. An Act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland. 362

LXXXVII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Publication of Accounts of Corn imported, and to Returns of Purchases and Sales of Corn. 363

LXXXVIII. An Act for the better Regulation of the Traffic on Westminster Bridge, and for the Prevention of Obstructions thereon. 365

LXXXIX. An Act to amend The Defence Act, 1842. 366

XC. An Act to amend an Act of the present Session, Chapter Eighteen, as to the Stamp Duties on certain Letters or Powers of Attorney. 366

XCI. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores. 367

XCII. An Act for annexing Conditions to the Appointment of Persons to Offices in the Governing Bodies of certain Public Schools and Colleges. 369

XCIII. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Brighton, Eastbourne, Sandown, Walton-on-the-Naze, Clevedon, Rhyl, Bray, Kircubbin, Walton (Suffolk), Holywood, Exe Bight, Lytham, Ardglass, Filey, Greenock, Carlingford Lough, Wexford, Torquay, and Oban. 370

XCIV. An Act to remove Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland. 478

XCV. An Act to amend the Act Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accident. 480

XCVI. An Act to enable certain Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland to avail themselves of the Provisions of the Acts Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria, Chapter Sixty-six, and Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and forty-six, for regulating the Sale of Gas. 481

XCVII. An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Burials in England. 481

XCVIII. An Act for extending the Provisions of "The Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860." 482

XCIX. An Act to amend the Procedure of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland. 483

C. An Act to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices for the County of Sussex. 499

CI. An Act to amend the Act for the better Management of Highways in England. 500

CII. An Act for amending the Harwich Harbour Act, 1863. 513

CIII. An Act to authorize the Acquisition of Lands by the Admiralty with a view to the Extension of Portsmouth Dockyard, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 514

CIV. An Act to extend the Powers of the Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863. 517

CV. An Act to explain the Statutes of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor. 518

CVI. An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to make Provision in regard to the Salaries of certain Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland. 519

CVII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863." 519

CVIII. An Act to amend "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts." 521

CIX. An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal. 522

CX. An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Mitigation of Penalties. 529

CXI. An Act to transfer certain Houses in and near Cranbourne Street in the City of Westminster from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to Her Majesty, for the Considerations therein mentioned. 529

CXII. An Act to amend the Law relating to future Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances. 532

CXIII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Conservancy of the River Thames; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 534

CXIV. The Improvement of Land Act, 1864. 549

CXV. An Act to prohibit the placing of poisoned Flesh and poisonous Matters in Plantations, Fields, and open Places, and to extend "The poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863." 574

CXVI. An Act to make Provision for distributing the Charge of Relief of certain Classes of poor Persons over the whole of the Metropolis. 574

CXVII. An Act to render permissive the Use of the Metric System of Weights and Measures. 575

CXVIII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland. 577

CXIX. An Act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy. 578

CXX. An Act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of further Powers by Railway Companies. 595

CXXI. An Act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of Powers for the Construction of Railways. 602

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to confer certain Powers on the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company with respect to their Capital.

ii. An Act to enable the Dock Company at Kingston-upon-Hull to raise a further Sum of Money.

iii. An Act for granting further Powers to "The Newry and Greenore Railway Company."

iv. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to provide a public Park for the South-eastern Districts of the Metropolis, to be called Southwark Park.

v. An Act to amend the existing Acts of the Folkestone Waterworks Company, and to confer further Powers upon the Company.

vi. An Act for better supplying Matlock Bath in the County of Derby with Water.

vii. An Act for altering the Marple New Mills and Hayfield Junction Railway; extending the Time for Completion of Portions thereof; and for other Purposes.

viii. An Act to empower the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

ix. An Act for granting certain Powers to "The Chertsey Gas Consumers Company (Limited)."

x. An Act for granting further Powers to the Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company.

xi. An Act to incorporate "The Tunbridge Wells Gas Company to extend their Limits for supplying Gas; to repeal the Deeds of Settlement under which the Company is established; to authorize the raising of further Capital; and for other Purposes.

xii. An Act to alter and regulate the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xiii. An Act to enable the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to make a Branch Railway near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire.

xiv. An Act to authorize the Dovor Gaslight Company to purchase certain Land; to raise more Money; and for other Purposes.

xv. An Act to amend the Metropolitan Meat and Poultry Market Act, 1860, and other Acts, with respect to the borrowing of Money; and for other Purposes.

xvi. An Act for granting further Powers to "The Caine Railway Company."

xvii. An Act to enable the Ipswich Gaslight Company to increase their Capital.

xviii. An Act to enable the Swansea Vale Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

xix. An Act to enable the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to extend their Railway to the Midland Railway at Barnsley.

xx. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway and Works between Church Fenton and Micklefield, in the County of York; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxi. An Act to amend "The Salisbury Railway and Market House Act, 1856;" and to enable the Company thereby incorporated to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxii. An Act to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of certain Lands by Acts relating to the Llanidloes and Newtown Railway Company; and to authorize that Company to raise and apply Money to the general Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

xxiii. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Salisbury Gaslight and Coke Company."

xxiv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Sudden Bridge and Bury Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

xxv. An Act to enable the Haslingden and Rawtenstall Waterworks Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to construct Works; and for other Purposes.

xxvi. An Act to enable the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to contribute further Monies to certain Undertakings.

xxvii. An Act for enabling the Huntingdon and Godmanchester Gas and Coke Company (Limited) to acquire additional Land.

xxviii. An Act to enable the Dublin and Meath Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xxix. An Act to authorize the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Alexandra Park; and for other Purposes.

xxx. An Act for lighting with Gas the Townships of Clayton, Allerton, and Thornton, and certain neighbouring Townships or Parts thereof in the West Riding of the County of York.

xxxi. An Act for amalgamating the Undertakings of the Commercial Dock Company and of the Grand Surrey Docks and Canal Company; for consolidating and amending their Acts; and for other Purposes.

xxxii. An Act to confer Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the Execution of new Works and the Acquisition of additional Lands, and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to make Provision for equalizing the Revenue and Expenditure of the Aberbrothwick Harbour Trust; to enable the Trustees to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Harbour.

xxxiv. An Act to enable the Anglesey Central Railway Company to make a Deviation of a Portion of their authorized Line.

xxxv. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to provide Station Accommodation at Kemp Town, Brighton, and to construct a new Railway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to incorporate the Pontypridd Waterworks Company (Limited) and to make further Provision for the Supply of Water to the Town of Pontypridd and the Neighbourhood thereof.

xxxvii. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Thornset Turnpike Roads.

xxxviii. An Act to re-incorporate the Bedford Gaslight Company, and make further Provision for lighting the Borough of Bedford in the County of Bedford and certain neighbouring Parishes with Gas.

xxxix. An Act for authorizing the Governor and Company of Chelsea Waterworks to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

xl. An Act to incorporate the Stroud Gaslight and Coke Company, and make further Provision for lighting the Borough of Stroud and Parish of Eastington with Gas; and for other Purposes.

xli. An Act to enable the Swansea Harbour Trustees to construct additional Works, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

xlii. An Act for better supplying the Town of Drogheda and Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

xliii. An Act to repeal An Act for repairing the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Hursley in the County of Southampton to Andover, and from thence to Newbury, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond in the County of Berks, and for granting more effectual Powers in lieu thereof.

xliv. An Act for the making and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames or Isis, near the Ferry at Clifton Hampden in the County of Oxford, with Approaches thereto; and for other Purposes.

xlv. An Act to incorporate the Deal and Walmer Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited, and to make further Provision for lighting the Town of Deal and Parish of Walmer and certain neighbouring Places with Gas.

xlvi. An Act for extending the Powers of "The Chichester Harbour Embankment Act, 1859."

xlvii. An Act to enable the Corporations of the Boroughs of Ashton-under-Lyne and Stalybridge to provide a further Supply of Water for those Boroughs and the Neighbourhood thereof respectively; and for other Purposes.

xlviii. An Act for authorizing the Improvement of the Harbour of Porth Cawl, to confirm Arrangements relative thereto between the Llynvi Valley Railway Company and the Ogmore Valley Railways Company; and for other Purposes.

xlix. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Railways between their Main Line near York and the Great Northern Railway near Doncaster; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

li. An Act for continuing the Term of and otherwise amending the Act relating to "The Pucklechurch or Lower District of Roads," in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

li. An Act for extending the Time for the Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Works authorized by "The Greenwich and South-eastern Docks Act, 1859."

lii. An Act to continue the Hedon and Patrington Turnpike Trust in the East Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

liii. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Newport (Monmouthshire) Turnpike Trust and the Caerleon Turnpike Trust, and to amalgamate those Trusts; and for other Purposes.

liv. An Act for the Portmadoc and Beaver Pool Bridge Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Carnarvon.

lv. An Act to give Effect to the Provisions of "The West Yorkshire Railway Act, 1863," with reference to the Admission of the North-eastern and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies to become joint Owners with the West Yorkshire Railway Company of the Methley Railway; and for other Purposes.

lvi. An Act for incorporating the Hertford Gaslight Company, for extending their Limits for supplying Gas, for the Increase and Regulation of their Capital; and for other Purposes.

lvii. An Act to amend the "London Necropolis and National Mausoleum Amendment Act, 1855," and for other Purposes.

lviii. An Act for authorizing the Cowes and Newport Railway Company to make and maintain Extension and Branch Railways in the Isle of Wight, and to raise Funds for the Purpose; and for other Purposes.

lix. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Turnpike Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, and from Brough to Welton9 in the East Riding of the County of York.

lx. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway from their Rutherglen and Coatbridge Branch to Tennochside in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

lxi. An Act to authorize the Corporation of the City of London to form a Viaduct or raised Way across the Holborn Valley, and new Streets and Improvements connected therewith; and for other Purposes.

lxii. An Act to authorize Arrangements between the Bedford and Cambridge and London and North-western Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

lxiii. An Act to authorize the Stirling Waterworks Commissioners to make and maintain additional Reservoirs and other Works, and to extend the Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

lxiv. An Act for incorporating the Salop Fire Office, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

lxv. An Act to enable the Trent, Ancholme, and Grimsby Railway Company to raise further Money.

lxvi. An Act to confer upon the Westminster Palace Hotel Company, Limited, further Powers with respect to Arrangements between them and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State in Council of India, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

lxvii. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to make Branch Railways and other Works in the Counties of Durham and Cumberland; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxviii. An Act to incorporate the Scarborough Valley Bridge Company; to authorize the Construction of a Bridge over the Ramsdale Valley in Scarborough, with Approaches; and for other Purposes.

lxix. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the Investment of Monies of the Rock Life Assurance Company; and for other Purposes.

lxx. An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads from Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall to the Burton-upon-Trent and Ashby Road, and other Roads connected therewith, and for making new Branches of Road, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester; and for other Purposes.

lxxi. An Act to authorize Arrangements of the Capital of the North-western Railway Company.

lxxii. An Act to authorize the Construction of new and widening and altering of existing Streets and other Improvements in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

lxxiii. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the sanitary Condition of the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

lxxiv. An Act for continuing the Term of the Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lane Head, with its Branches, all in the County of Derby; and for other Purposes.

lxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company for making "The Chichester and Midhurst Railway."

lxxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway to the Great Western Railway at Stratford-on-Avon.

lxxvii. An Act to authorize the Transfer of the Undertaking of the South Yorkshire Railway and River Dun Company to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company.

lxxviii. An Act to grant to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company certain Powers with respect to the Stockport and Woodley Junction, Cheshire Midland, Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction, and West Cheshire Railways, and to empower the Company to enlarge its Canal Premises in Manchester; and for other Purposes.

lxxix. An Act to enable the Tendring Hundred Railway Company to alter their Line to Walton in Essex; and for other Purposes.

lxxx. An Act for making a Railway from the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway at Chatburn to the North-western Railway at Settle, to be called "The Ribblesdale Railway;" and for other Purposes.

lxxxi. An Act to amalgamate the Alva Railway Company with the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

lxxxii. An Act for vesting the Alyth Railway, by way of Lease, in the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company; to enable the Alyth Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act to enable the Perth, Almond Valley, and Methuen Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and to sell their Undertaking to the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company, and to enable that Company to purchase the same; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make a Railway from the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway in the Parish of Holme Cultram to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway in the Parish of Wigton, all in the County of Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

lxxxv. An Act for better supplying the Borough of Wrexham and Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Ely, through Haddenham, to Sutton, in Cambridgeshire.

lxxxvii. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from the London and South-western Railway at Chertsey to the Staines and Wokingham Railway at Egham; and for other Purposes.

lxxxviii. An Act to empower the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to acquire additional Lands, and to raise more Money; and for other Purposes.

lxxxix. An Act to enable the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct additional Works, and obtain a further Supply of Water, and to extend their Supply of Water into other Districts; and for other Purposes.

xc. An Act for making a Railway from the Lynn and Hunstanton Railway at Heacham to the Great Eastern Railway at Wells, to be called "The West Norfolk Junction Railway," all in the County of Norfolk.

xci. An Act to enable the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to make a Station at Wakefield, and for other Purposes with relation to that Company.

xcii. An Act for incorporating the Ulverston Gaslight and Coke Company, and for conferring upon them farther Powers for the Supply of Gas to the Township of Ulverston, and certain neighbouring Townships and Parishes, in the County of Lancaster.

xciii. An Act to empower the Kent Coast Railway Company to acquire additional Lands and to raise more Money, and to make further Provision for the Lease of their Undertaking to the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xciv. An Act to empower the Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Company to make a Railway to connect their authorized Railway with the Greenwich Line of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and to let or transfer their Undertaking to the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xcv. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from their Loughton Line to near Highbeech Green in Epping Forest.

xcvi. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Ramsgate and certain Foreign Ports, and to provide Accommodation for Steam Boat Traffic at Ramsgate and Dover, and for incidental Purposes.

xcvii. An Act for authorizing the Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

xcviii. An Act for authorizing the South-eastern Railway Company to make and maintain an Extension of their Railway to Westerham, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

xcix. An Act for authorizing the South-eastern Railway Company to make and maintain Extensions of their Railway to Cranbrook, Hythe, and Sandgate respectively, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

c. An Act to sanction an Agreement between the North British Railway Company and the Scottish Central Railway Company with respect to the General Station at Perth; and for other Purposes.

ci. An Act to enable the Witney Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

cii. An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland to the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

ciii. An Act to incorporate a Company for holding Markets and Fairs in the Town and Parish of Wellington in the County of Salop; and for other Purposes.

civ. An Act to grant a further Term in the Road from or near Mytholm Royd Bridge in the West Riding of the County of York communicating with the Road at or near to the Sixth Milestone from Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, and further Powers for the Management thereof; to alter the Rights of the existing Creditors of the Trust, and to repeal the existing Act; and for other Purposes.

cv. An Act to amend the Act 3 Victoria, Chapter 44. for regulating and preserving the Harbour of Workington in the County of Cumberland, in relation to the Securities to be granted for borrowed Money; and for other Purposes.

cvi. An Act to enable the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to make a Railway or Tramway at Portrush; and to purchase additional Lands; and to extend the Period at present limited for the Sale of certain superfluous Lands of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

cvii. An Act to incorporate the Proprietors of the North Cheshire Waterworks Company, Limited, and to confer on them further Powers for the Supply of Water; and for other Purposes.

cviii. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Lancaster to construct and maintain an improved System of Waterworks for the Supply of the Borough and of adjacent Places with Water; to authorize certain Street Improvements in the Borough of Lancaster; and to give Powers of Sale or Mortgage over Lancaster Marsh; and for other Purposes,

cix. An Act to grant further Powers to the Nottingham Gaslight and Coke Company.

cx. An Act to enable the Stockton and Middlesbrough Waterworks Company to extend their Limits for the Supply of Water; to construct additional Works; to raise additional Capital; to alter and amend their existing Act; and for other Purposes.

cxi. An Act to authorize the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Railway to connect their Railway with the Great North of Scotland Railway at Aberdeen; to confer Powers and Obligations on them, and on the Great North of Scotland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock, Piers, a Railway, and other Works at or near Deal, and a navigable Channel therefrom to Sandwich, all in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

cxiii. An Act for authorizing the North and South Western Junction Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxiv. An Act for authorizing the Okehampton Railway Company to make certain Deviations from their authorized Lines; and for other Purposes.

cxv. An Act to enable the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to make a new Railway from Newtyle to the Meigle Station on the Scottish North-eastern Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxvi. An Act to confirm an Agreement for the Amalgamation of the Globe Insurance Company with the Liverpool and London Fire and Life Insurance Company, and to alter the Name of the last-mentioned Company; and for other Purposes.

cxvii. An Act to confer further Powers on the Wallasey Local Board; and for other Purposes.

cxviii. An Act for vesting, by way of Lease in perpetuity, the Newcastle-under-Lyme Canal, and the Canal Extension Railway belonging thereto, in the North Staffordshire Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxix. An Act for erecting and maintaining Bridges over the River Severn near Shrewsbury, and for making convenient Approaches thereto.

cxx. An Act for incorporating "The Lymington Harbour and Docks Company," and authorizing them to make and maintain the Lymington Harbour and Docks, and a Railway and other Works in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

cxxi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Whitehaven and its Neighbourhood; and for other Purposes.

cxxii. An Act to authorize the making of a Railway from the Great Eastern Railway to North Walsham in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Railways from the Ouse Viaduct on their Main Line to Uckfield and Hailsham; and for other Purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to use certain Portions of the Great Eastern Railway, and to make Arrangements with the Great Eastern Railway Company.

cxxv. An Act to amend the Railway Passengers Assurance Company's Act, 1852, and to confer additional Powers upon the said Company.

cxxvi. An Act for authorizing a Deviation and Extensions of the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxxvii. An Act for authorizing the Falmouth Docks Company to make and maintain additional Works, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxxviii. An Act to enable the West Shropshire Mineral Railway Company to make certain New Lines of Railway, and to use a Portion of the Oswestry and Newtown Railway and the Llanymynech Station of that Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxxix. An Act to authorize the Consolidation of the separate Capitals of the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company; to extend the existing Arrangements between them and the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company; to authorize the Sale or Lease of their Undertaking to that Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxx. An Act for enabling the Pneumatic Despatch Company (Limited) to purchase Lands and extend their Works.

cxxxi. An Act for empowering the Commissioners of the Harbour of Tralee to raise Money, and for other Purposes.

cxxxii. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western and the Caledonian Railway Companies to make certain Branches and other Works, and to acquire additional Lands in connexion with their Joint Line of Railway between Glasgow and Paisley; and for other Purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act for maintaining the public Roads and Bridges in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

cxxxiv. An Act to extend the Time for completing the Henley-in-Arden Railway, and to raise additional Capital.

cxxxv. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to purchase additional Lands and to make further Improvements in the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, for the Purposes of "The Thames Embankment Act, 1863."

cxxxvi. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Land and completing the Extension Line to the River Avon of the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway; to authorize the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act for extending the Limits of the Bolton Gas Company's Act, 1854, and for other Purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act for the Amendment of the Bolton and Saint Helen's Turnpike Roads Act, 1860.

cxxxix. An Act to make Provision for the Maintenance and Management of public Roads in Zetland.

cxl. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Port Glasgow.

cxli. An Act for making and maintaining a Market in the Parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

cxlii. An Act to enable the Mid Wales Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Central Wales Extension Railway in the Parish of Llanelwedd in the County of Radnor; and to confer upon the said Company further Powers with respect to Roads crossed by their Railway, and with respect to the Purchase of Lands; and to enable the said Company to let their Railway on Lease; and to raise further Sums; and for other Purposes.

cxliii. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway, to be called "The Halifax and Ovenden Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cxliv. An Act to authorize the Mistley, Thorpe, and Walton Railway Company to make a Railway to connect their Line with an authorized Extension of the Tendring Hundred Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxlv. An Act for making further Provision with respect to the Liverpool Exchange Buildings and the Exchange Area, and for authorizing the Liverpool Exchange Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxlvi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the North Kent Waterworks Company and their Undertaking and Property with the Kent Waterworks Company and their Undertaking and Property, and for the Dissolution of the North Kent Waterworks Company; and for authorizing the Kent Water works Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxlvii. An Act for authorizing the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company to acquire additional Lands, and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to contribute further Monies towards the Funds of that Company; and for other Purposes.

cxlviii. An Act to re-incorporate the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Union Gaslight Company, and to make better Provision for lighting with Gas the Boroughs of Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead, and several neighbouring Parishes and Townships in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham; and for other Purposes.

cxlix. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Garstang and Knot End Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cl. An Act to authorize the Globe Telegraph Company (Limited) to construct and maintain Telegraphs; to acquire and work Letters Patent relating to Electro-magnetic Telegraphs and Apparatus; and for other Purposes.

cli. An Act to authorize the Severn Valley Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money, and to make certain Works in connexion with their Railway; and for other Purposes.

clii. An Act to enable the Nantwich and Market Drayton Railway Company to increase their Capital; and for other Purposes.

cliii. An Act for the Purification of the Water of Leith, by Interception and Conveyance into the Sea of the Sewage falling into the same, and otherwise; and for other Purposes.

cliv. An Act to authorize the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to run Steam Vessels between Littlehampton, Places on the Coast of France, and in the Channel Islands.

civ. An Act for enlarging the Powers of "The Weston-super-Mare Pier Act, 1862;" and for other Purposes.

clvi. An Act to change the Name of the West Shropshire Mineral Railway Company, and to enable them to make Branch Railways and a Deviation, and to alter the Line and Levels of their Railway; and to confer upon the said Company further Powers for making, crossing, and altering public Roads, and for the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

clvii. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East Indian Railway Company, and to authorize the Company to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

clviii. An Act for making a Railway from the Caledonian Railway, near Kirtlebridge Station, to the Maryport and Carlisle Railway, near Brayton Station, with Branch Railways in connexion therewith, in the Counties of Dumfries and Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

clix. An Act to amend the Act relating to the Phoenix Gas Company, and to authorize such Company to raise more Capital, and purchase a certain Piece of Land; and for other Purposes.

clx. An Act to make further Provision for the Maintenance and Repair of the Wallasey Embankment; and for other Purposes.

clxi. An Act to authorize the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to subscribe to the Bishop's Castle Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxii. An Act to enable the Independent Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional Capital; to define their Limits for supplying Gas; to repeal, amend, and extend the Act relating to the Company; and for other Purposes.

clxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway, near Burngullow, to the Saint Dennis Branch of the Newquay Railway, near Hendra, in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

clxiv. An Act for the Construction by the Midland Railway Company of new Railways from their Bristol and Birmingham Line to the City of Bath and to Thornbury; and for other Purposes.

clxv. An Act for enabling the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company to construct new Works and acquire additional Lands in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

clxvi. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Line of Railway from Kensington to Richmond, and Junction Lines communicating with the Hammersmith and City Railway and the North and South Western Junction Railway respectively; and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing Arrangements with divers Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

clxvii. An Act for rendering valid Letters Patent granted to Thomas Webster Rammell for "Improvements in Pneumatic Railways and Tubes."

clxviii. An Act to provide for the Discharge by Deputy in certain Cases of the Functions of Warden in the University of Durham; and to authorize the Abolition of certain Fellowships in the said University; and to provide a further Endowment for the School of Theology, and a proposed School of Physical Science, in the said University; and for other Purposes.

clxix. An Act for supplying and lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Barrow-in-Furness, and the Townships of Above Town, Ireleth, Lindal, and Martin, Dalton, Dalton Proper, Yarlside, Hawcoat, and Saint George's Barrow, in the Parish of Dalton-in-Furness in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

clxx. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway to Bodmin.

clxxi. An Act to authorize the Worcester, Bromyard, and Leominster Railway Company to purchase additional Lands; to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of Lands and for completing the Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxii. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to provide improved Railway Communication between Tunbridge Wells and Eastbourne; and for other Purposes.

clxxiii. An Act to enable the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company to construct a new Line between Dundee and Forfar; to levy Tolls; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

clxxiv. An Act for authorizing an Alteration of the Southampton and Netley Railway, and the Amalgamation of the Southampton and Netley Railway with the London and Southwestern Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company for the making of Railways in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, to be called "The Swansea and Aberystwith Junction Railway."

clxxvi. An Act to enable the Wellington and Drayton Railway Company to divert a Portion of their authorized Railway, and to transfer their Undertaking to the Great Western Railway Company.

clxxvii. An Act for enabling the Hayling Railways Company to make and maintain Railways in Extension of their authorized Railways, and to make and maintain Docks, and to raise Monies for the Purpose, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

clxxviii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the London Dock Company and the Saint Katharine Dock Company into One Company by the Name "The London and Saint Katharine Docks Company," and for the Transfer to that Company and the Amalgamation with their Undertaking and Docks of the Undertaking and Docks of the Victoria (London) Dock Company; and for other Purposes.

clxxix. An Act for the Stockport and Ashton Turnpike Roads in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster, and the County of York.

clxxx. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Wisbech, and certain Parishes and Places in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

clxxxi. An Act for authorizing the making of Railways from the Railway of the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company at Wells to the Railway of the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company at Yatton, and Arrangements between those Companies in relation thereto; and for other Purposes.

clxxxii. An Act for making Railways from the Great Eastern Railway at East Dereham to Norwich, to be called "The Wensum Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act to enable the Pembroke and Tenby Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act for the Sale to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company of the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Western Canal, and for the Abandonment of a Portion of the Canal; and for other Purposes.

clxxxv. An Act to enable the Newry and Armagh Railway Company to raise further Capital, and for other Purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Carnarvon to Llanberis in the County of Carnarvon.

clxxxvii. An Act for the Construction of an Embankment, Docks, and other Works, and the Reclamation and Acquisition of Lands near Fleetwood in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway to Crickhowell; and for other Purposes.

clxxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Crieff to the Perth, Almond Valley, and Methuen Railway near Methuen; and for other Purposes.

cxc. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in Middlesex, to be called "The Midland and South-western Junction Railway."

cxci. An Act for the Extension of the Municipal Limits of the City of Londonderry, and for the Increase of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Conscience there; and for the further Improvement of the City; and for raising further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxcii. An Act for authorizing the Charing Cross Railway Company to acquire additional Lands at or near to their Cannon Street Station in the City of London, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cxciii. An Act for more effectually maintaining, keeping in repair, and improving the Roads, Highways, and Bridges within the County of Peebles; and for other Purposes.

cxciv. An Act for affording increased Facilities for the Transmission of Traffic between the Railways of the London and North-western Railway Company and Railways in Ireland; and for other Purposes.

cxcv. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to construct additional Works and acquire additional Lands; to alter the Works and Powers (connected with or affecting their Undertaking) of other Companies, Bodies, and Persons; and to amend the Acts relating to the above-named Company, to Dover and to Mary ate; and for other Purposes.

cxcvi. An Act to authorize the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Company to transfer or lease their Undertaking to the London and North-western Railway Company, or to the London and North-western and Great Western Railway Companies.

cxcvii. An Act for making a Railway from Helston to Penryn in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

cxcviii. An Act for giving Effect to an Award relating the Borough of Belfast, and for confirming Things done with a view to the Execution of the Acts for the Improvement of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

cxcix. An Act to enable the Kington and Eardisley Railway Company to extend their authorized Line of Railway to Presteign, and to use a Portion of the Leominster and Kington Railway, and make Agreements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cc. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway, near Harbury, to the London and North-western Railway, near Birdingbury, in the County of Warwick.

cci. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional Waterworks; to acquire the Turton and Entwisle Reservoir; to provide a public Park and Town Hall; and for other Purposes.

ccii. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Town of Barnet; to improve their Station at King's Cross; and for other Purposes.

cciii. An Act to further amend and extend the Acts for the Improvement of the Navigation of the Rivers Burry, Loughor, and Lliedi, in the Counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Llanelly in the said County of Carmarthen; and to grant certain Powers to the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company and the South Wales Railway Company in relation to the Improvement of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes.

cciv. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Macclesfield, Bollington, and Marple Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Watford and Rickmansworth Railway at Watford to the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway at Edgware.

ccvi. An Act for making and maintaining Highways, Bridges, Quays, and Ferries; and for regulating Ferries in the Shire of Argyll.

ccvii. An Act for making a Railway from the Staines, Wokingham, and Woking Railway to Cambridge Town in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes.

ccviii. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Ardrossan, and to provide for the Improvement of the said Harbour.

ccix. An Act to enable "The Whitby Waterworks Company (Limited)" to supply with Water the Town and Borough of Whitby, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the Parish of Whitby in the North Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

ccx. An Act to extend the Bourton-on-the-Water Railway towards Cheltenham; to amend the Act relating to the Bourton-on-the- Water Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxi. An Act for enabling the Isle of Wight Ferry Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

ccxii. An Act to form into a separate Undertaking Part of the City Lines of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and to provide for a Contribution thereto by the Great Northern Railway Company, and to consolidate some of the Stocks and Shares of the first-named Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxiii. An Act to enable the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of increasing the Accommodation of the Dock Estate on the Liverpool Side of the River Mersey, and to make a Diversion of Derby and Victoria Roads; and for altering certain Rates; and for other Purposes.

ccxiv. An Act to improve and extend the Dundee and Newtyle Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxv. An Act for authorizing the Extension and Maintenance of Tramways in the Parish of Erith in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

ccxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway and Branch Railway to be called "The Waterford and Wexford Railway," and of a Harbour in Greenore Bay; and for other Purposes.

ccxvii. An Act to enable the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

ccxviii. An Act to extend the Powers of the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company.

ccxix. An Act to authorize the London and Blackwall Railway Company to enlarge certain of their Stations and Works; and for other Purposes.

ccxx. An Act to authorize the Stamford and Essendine Railway Company to make a Railway from their Railway to join the Northampton and Peterborough Branch of the London and North-western Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxi. An Act for authorizing the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Midland Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxii. An Act for making a Railway from Christian Malford in the County of Wilts to Nailsworth in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

ccxxiii. An Act for authorizing the Somerset and Dorset Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccxxiv. An Act to incorporate a Company for making the Carmarthenshire Railway, and to confer other Powers with reference thereto.

ccxxv. An Act to authorize the Corris, Machynlleth, and River Dovey Tramroad Company to make a new Railway; to abandon Part of their existing Undertaking; to amend their Act; and for other Purposes.

ccxxvi. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company for the Construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; for authorizing the Abandonment of; certain Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccxxvii. An Act for the Amalgamation of divers Railway Companies with the London and South-western Railway Company; for authorizing that Company to make and maintain additional Lines of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccxxviii. An Act to enable the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway Company to extend their Railway towards the City of Londonderry; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

ccxxix. An Act to regulate, the Use by the Lynn and Sutton Bridge Railway Company of the Cross Keys Bridge over the River Nene.

ccxxx. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct a Railway from Chesterfield to Sheffield; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxi. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway in the Parish of Saint Pancras; for authorizing Arrangements with the Metropolitan Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Potteries Line of the North Staffordshire Railway to near Tunstall in the Parish of Wolstanton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Hartley and Cranbrook to Tenterden in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiv. An Act for the Extension of the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway to Whitchurch and Brymbo; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a new Bridge from Chelsea to Battersea, with Approaches thereto.

ccxxxvi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company and the Limerick and Foynes Railway Company, and for authorizing the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company to work the Undertaking of the Rathkeale and Newcastle Junction Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act for authorizing the West London Docks and Warehouses Company to execute further Works, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxviii. An Act for incorporating the Wandsworth Bridge Company, and for authorizing them to make and maintain the Wandsworth Bridge, and to make Roads leading thereto; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Birmingham and Staffordshire Gaslight Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxl. An Act for authorizing the Peterborough, Wisbeach, and Sutton Railway Company to extend their Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxli. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock and other Works near the Mouth of the River Avon, to be called "The Bristol Port and Channel Dock;" and for other Purposes.

ccxlii. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to extend their Railway from Lincoln to Sleaford; and to authorize the Amalgamation of the Boston, Sleaford, and Midland Counties Railway and the Bourn and Essendine Railway with the Great Northern Railway.

ccxliii. An Act to enable the Great Northern Railway Company to complete their Loop Line between Doncaster and Gainsborough; and to improve the Gradients of their Railway South of Gainsborough.

ccxliv. An Act to enable the Blyth and Tyne Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; to extend the Time limited in respect of certain of their authorized Branches; and for other Purposes.

ccxlv. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct new Railways and Works, and to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

ccxlvi. An Act to empower the North London Railway Company to construct additional Works at Poplar; and for other Purposes.

ccxlvii. An Act for making a Railway from the Dartmouth and Torbay Railway at Brixham Road Station to Brixham in the County of Devon, and a Tramway in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

ccxlviii. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to lay down Lines of Rails or Tramways upon and in connexion with the Quays at the Harbour of Glasgow, and to borrow additional Money; to alter certain of the Rates leviable by them; and for other Purposes.

ccxlix. An Act for better supplying with Water Exmouth, Budleigh Salterton, and the adjoining Districts within the Parishes of Littleham and Exmouth, Withycombe Raleigh, and East Budleigh, in the County of Devon.

ccl. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Hamilton and Strathaven Railway Company with the Caledonian Railways Company; and for other Purposes.

ccli. An Act for the Incorporation of "The West Grinstead, Cuckfield, and Hayward's Heath Junction Railway Company," and the making and maintaining of "The West Grinstead, Cuckfield, and Hayward's Heath Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cclii. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money.

ccliii. An Act for the Discharge of Debts of the Irish North-western Railway Company; and for authorizing divers Arrangements between that Company and other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccliv. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways to connect the several Railways in the Town of Belfast, and to construct a Central Station in Belfast; and for other Purposes.

cclv. An Act for incorporating "The Millwall Canal Company," and for authorizing them to make and maintain Canals and other Works in the Isle of Dogs, and thereby, and by the Appropriation of Works and Lands there, to provide Accommodation for Shipping and Waterside Accommodation for Shipbuilding and other Businesses requiring Water Frontage; and for other Purposes.

cclvi. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Docks and other Works upon or near Hubberston Pill at Milford Haven in the County of Pembroke; and for other Purposes.

cclvii. An Act for making Extension or Connecting Lines of Railway in the City of Bristol; and for other Purposes.

cclviii. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway in the County of Devon, to be called "The Buckfastleigh, Totnes, and South Devon Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cclix. An Act for better lighting with Gas Parts of the Parishes of Walthamstow and Leyton in the County of Essex, and for conferring further Powers in relation thereto on the County and General Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and for other Purposes.

cclx. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Railway Company to make additional Works; for extending the Time limited for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and Completion of certain Works; for authorizing the raising of additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cclxi. An Act for better lighting with Gas Parts of the Parishes of Northfleet, Stone, and Swanscombe, in the County of Kent, and for conferring further Powers in relation thereto on the County and General Gas Consumers Company (Limited); and for other Purposes.

cclxii. An Act to amalgamate the Oswestry and Newtown, Llanidloes and Newtown, Newtown and Machynlleth, and Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch Railway Companies, and to confer Powers upon the amalgamated and other Companies.

cclxiii. An Act to authorize Agreements between the Oswestry and Newtown, the Llanidloes and Newtown, the Oswestry, Ellesmere, and Whitchurch, the Newtown and Machynllethy the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon, the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil, and the London and North-western Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

cclxiv. An Act for authorizing the Rhymney Railway Company to make and maintain their Cardiff and Caerphilly and other Railways; and for other Purposes.

cclxv. An Act to authorize certain Deviations from the existing and authorized Lines of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company, and to empower that Company to form a Junction with the Limestone Railway of the Rhymney Iron Company, and (instead of the Vale of Neath Railway Company) to exercise the Powers of "The Vale of Neath Railway Act, 1863," for constructing the Merthyr Curve; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cclxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway to Watlington in the County of Oxford.

cclxvii. An Act for constructing a Pier at New Brighton in the County of Chester.

cclxviii. An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in certain Parishes in the City of London; and for other Purposes.

cclxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway to Redruth in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

cclxx. An Act to enable the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct Railways between Blackburn, Chorley, Horwich, and Wigan.

cclxxi. An Act for sanctioning an Agreement between the Caledonian and Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Companies with respect to the Construction of Branch Railways to connect their Undertakings with Glasgow Harbour; and for authorizing the Formation of a Joint Station there; and for other Purposes,

cclxxii. An Act for the Incorporation of "The Ilfracombe Railway Company," and the making and maintaining of "The Ilfracombe Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cclxxiii. An Act for the Construction of Railways in the County of Lancaster, to be called "The Lancashire Union Railways;" and for other Purposes.

cclxxiv. An Act to authorize the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make certain Lines of Railway and other Works in and near the Parish of Battersea in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes.

cclxxv. An Act for authorizing the Rhymney Railway Company to make and maintain Lines of Railway to join the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway and the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway respectively; and for other Purposes.

cclxxvi. An Act to authorize the Rickmansworth, Amersham, and Chesham Railway Company to make and maintain a level Crossing on their Railway at Rickmansworth; and for other Purposes.

cclxxvii. An Act for extending the Limits within which the Stockport District Waterworks Company may supply Water, and for authorizing them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cclxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from the Mid-Sussex Railway in the Parish of Hardham to the Shoreham, Steyning, and Henfield Railway near the Town of Steyning; and for other Purposes.

cclxxix. An Act to empower the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make Railways at Cowlairs, and between Maryhill and the River Clyde; to authorize the Construction of a Tramway at the Harbour of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

cclxxx. An Act for the Incorporation of the Herne Bay, Hampton, and Reculver Oyster Fishery Company; and for authorizing them to establish and maintain an Oyster Fishery in the Estuary of the River Thames, and to make and maintain a Pier and a Tramway and other Works; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxi. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Dublin to Rathmines, Rathgar, Roundtown, Rathfarnham, and Rathcoole, and for other Purposes with relation to the said Railways.

cclxxxii. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make several short Junction Railways for connecting different Railways in their System at various Points; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxiii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Alford to Mablethorpe in the County of Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxiv. An Act for making Railways in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, to be called "The Drayton Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cclxxxv. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Cheltenham to Witney in Oxfordshire, and to Faringdon in Berkshire, to be called "The East Gloucestershire Railway."

cclxxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining the City of Glasgow Union Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxvii. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Kingsbridge Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxviii. An Act for authorizing a Lease of a Portion of the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation to the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, and of the Remainder thereof to the London and North-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxix. An Act for incorporating the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway; and for authorizing Arrangements between that Company and the Okehampton Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxc. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the Borough of Liverpool, to be called "The Liverpool Central Station Railway and for other Purposes.

ccxci. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway to Notting Hill, Kensington, and Brompton.

ccxcii. An Act for enabling the Scottish Central Railway Company to extend their Stations at Perth and Dundee, and to execute certain other Works in the Counties of Perth, Forfar, and Stirling; and for other Purposes.

ccxciii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway to connect the Swansea Vale and Neath and Brecon Railways.

ccxciv. An Act for making a Railway from the River Tamar in the Parish of Calstock to Callington in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

ccxcv. An Act to enable the Worcester, Dean Forest, and Monmouth Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Great Western Railway near Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

ccxcvi. An Act for vesting the Undertaking of the Saint Helen's Canal and Railway Company in the London and North-western Railway Company

ccxcvii. An Act to enable the South Wales Mineral Railway Company to extend their Undertaking.

ccxcviii. An Act for changing the Name of the Alton, Alresford, and Winchester Railway Company, and for authorizing them to make and maintain Railways (the Mid-Hants Lines) in extension of their authorized Railways (the Alton Lines), and to raise Monies for the Purpose, and to make Arrangements with other Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccxcix. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to use a Portion of the Midland Great Western Railway (of Ireland) near Athlone, and to make Agreements with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company, and to issue a Portion of their Share Capital as Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

ccc. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands for and Completion of the Kilpurcell Branch Railway of the Kilkenny Junction Railway Company, and to confer upon that Company Running Powers over the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway, and to enable them to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

ccci. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Parsonstown and Portumna Bridge Railway to the Town of Portumna.

cccii. An Act for authorizing certain Arrangements between the Much Wenlock and Severn Junction Railway Company and Wenlock Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company; and for extending the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Property required for the Wenlock Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccciii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Metropolitan Railway through Saint Johns Wood to the Hampstead Junction Railway.

ccciv. An Act to enable the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to construct new Lines between their authorized Lines and the Rhymney Railway, and to connect the Rumney and Rhymney Railways, and between the Rumney Railway and Caerphilly and Llantwit-fardre, and to join the Great Western Railway; and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cccv. An Act to amend "The Dublin Improvement Act, 1849," and "The Dublin Improvement Act Amendment Act, 1861," and to confer additional Powers upon the Corporation of Dublin.

cccvi. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Great Western Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and Persons; and for other Purposes.

cccvii. An Act for making a Railway from the Bristol and Exeter Railway to Barnstaple; and for other Purposes.

cccviii. An Act to authorize the Construction of several Railways and a Canal chiefly in the Parishes of Wolstanton and Audley by the North Staffordshire Railway Company, and to confer other Powers upon such Company and various other Companies and the Duke of Bridgewater's Trustees.

cccix. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Silverdale and Newcastle Railway at Wolstanton to the Old Manor House at Madeley, and thence to the Nantwich and Market Drayton and London and North-western Railways; and for other Purposes.

cccx. An Act for making a Railway from Petersfield to Bishops Waltham; and for other Purposes.

cccxi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Mid-Kent Railway Company, and their Undertaking, Railway, and Property, with the South-eastern Railway Company, and their Undertaking, Railway, and Property; and for other Purposes.

cccxii. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways between Cannock Chase and Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes.

cccxiii. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make several Railways in and near the Metropolis in connexion with their existing Railway, and to purchase Lands for a Station in the City of London.

cccxiv. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; to acquire additional Lands; and to acquire the Undertakings of certain other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cccxv. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Railway Company to extend their Railway from Finsbury Circus to Trinity Square, Tower Hill; and for other Purposes.

cccxvi. An Act to enable the Neath and Brecon Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Central Wales Extension Railway, and to construct a Branch to the Banwen and Maesmarchog Collieries; and for other Purposes.

cccxvii. An Act to enable the Portpatrick Railway Company to alter certain of their Works; to increase their Capital; to make working Arrangements with certain Companies; and to use Portions of other Undertakings.

cccxviii. An Act to enable the Portpatrick Railway Company to establish Communication by Steam Vessels between Portpatrick and Donaghadee and between Stranraer and Belfast and Larne.

cccxix. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks, and a Branch Railway and other Works, at Exmouth in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

cccxx. An Act to authorize the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to run Steam and other Vessels between Great Grimsby and certain Foreign Ports.

cccxxi. An Act for making Railways and Tramways in and near the City of Dublin.

cccxxii. An Act for authorizing the Completion of an Inner Circle of Railways North of the Thames.

cccxxiii. An Act for making Railways from the Hampstead Road to the Charing Cross Railway at Hungerford, with a Branch to the London and North-western Railway; and for making new Streets from Tottenham Court Road to Chandos Street, Strand, and from the Strand to Duke Street; and for other Purposes.

cccxxiv. An Act to make Provision for the Assessment of Damages claimed against the Sheffield Waterworks Company in consequence of an Inundation caused by the giving way of the Embankment of One of the Reservoirs of the Company; and to enable the Company to raise further Money, and to increase their Water Rents; and for other Purposes.

cccxxv. An Act for making and maintaining "The Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Extension Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cccxxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier at Aldborough in the County of Suffolk, and of a Railway therefrom to the Great Eastern Railway at Aldborough, with a Branch Railway to Slaughden; and for other Purposes.

cccxxvii. An Act for making a Railway from the authorized Line of Railway from Ryde to Lower Shanklin, near Yar Bridge, to Bembridge Point, with a Pier or Landing Place there, and a Tramway from the said intended Railway to Bembridge Down, all in the Parish of Brading in the Isle of Wight; to authorize Arrangements with the Isle of Wight Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cccxxviii. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways or Tramways from the Town of Holywell to Greenfield in the County of Flint, and to the Holywell Station of the Chester and Holyhead Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway in the Parish of Naas and County of Kildare to the Town of Baltinglass in the County of Wicklow; and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to incorporate the Trustees under the Trust Disposition and Settlement of Francis Simpson Esquire, of Plean, and to explain the said Trust Disposition and Settlement.

2. An Act to incorporate the Trustees of the Scots Episcopal Fund; to alter and amend the Trust Deeds; to empower the Trustees to sell the Estate of Kildonan in the County of Ayr; to regulate the Investment of the Trust Funds; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

3. An Act for authorizing the Dean and Chapter of Kilkenny to raise Money for the Repair and Restoration of Kilkenny Cathedral, and to endow the Parishes of Durrow and Ballinamara; and for other Purposes.

4. An Act for giving Effect to a Compromise of Suits affecting the Estates in the County of Cork in Ireland, late of Henry Frederick John James Perceval Fifth Earl of Egmont deceased.

5. An Act for giving Effect to a Compromise of a certain Suit depending in the Court of Chancery in Ireland relating to certain Estates in the Counties of Limerick and Cork of the Right Honourable Standish O'Grady First Viscount Guillamore.

6. An Act to raise Money for the Purchase of the Horsham Estate in the County of Kent, now in Lease from the Warden and College of All Souls, Oxford, to the Right Honourable George Francis Robert Lord Harris, and of Lands intermixed therewith.

7. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Pattison Ellames, late of Allerton Hall in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, deceased, to sell the said Mansion House, Lands, and Hereditaments of Allerton Hall, and to purchase other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for Charles Sheils' Almshouses Charity.

9. An Act for the Purpose of conferring Powers of jointuring and charging Portions out of and upon the Estates and Hereditaments of which the Right Honourable William Earl of Abergavenny is seised as Tenant in Tail Male under an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and for enabling Leases and Sales to be made of certain Parts of the same Estates and Hereditaments; and for other Purposes.

10. An Act for amending, extending, and enlarging the Powers contained in the Will and Codicil of the Right Honourable Thomas Atherton Lord Lilford deceased.

11. An Act to provide for the Settlement of the Claims of the Heirs of Entail of the Estate of Hailes in the County of Edinburgh with respect to the Construction of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal through the said Estate.

12. An Act to confirm and give Effect to a Decree of the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland made in a certain Cause Petition Matter wherein Anthony O'Reilly was Petitioner and Caroline Maria O'Reilly and others were Respondents, and bearing Date the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to Two Indentures dated respectively the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one executed in pursuance of the said Decree, and to an Indenture dated Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one therein and herein particularly mentioned.

13. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of John Arden Esquire, deceased, to build a Family Mansion on Part of the Estates, subject to the Limitations of the said Will; and for other Purposes.

14. An Act to confirm Agreements between the Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Dundee and the Presbytery and Ministers of Dundee with respect to the Churches and Hospital of the said Burgh; and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

15. An Act to enable John Chittenden, Clerk, to exercise his Office of a Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queens most Excellent Majesty. 1864.

---

Anno Regni VICTORIAE, Britanniarum Reginae,

Vicesimo Septimo.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of May, Anno Domini 1859, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Fourth Day of February 1864; being the Sixth Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[18th March 1864.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and have in their Nineteenth Annual General Report certified their Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Annual Inclosure Act, 1864," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

27 Vict.

A

Inclosure in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

2

27° VICTORIA, c. 1, 2.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Wooler and Humbleton - Northumberland - 30th April 1863.

Ford Common - Northumberland - 4th June 1863.

West Newton Common - Northumberland - 4th June 1863.

Ayle Common - Northumberland - 4th June 1863.

Ennerdale - Cumberland - 16th July 1863.

Nantwich Barony - Chester - 7th October 1863.

Yearsley Moor - York - 2d November 1863.

Sandhurst, Norton and Wootton - Gloucester - 2d November 1863.

Bedingfield - Suffolk - 2d November 1863.

Slindon - Sussex - 26th November 1863.

Marston Maisey - Wilts - 2d November 1863.

Kirkland Fell - Cumberland - 12th November 1863.

Earle and Wooler Common - Northumberland - 2d November 1863.

Gammersgill - York - 12th November 1863.

Reperry Common - Cornwall - 7th January 1864.

Lutton - Northampton - 22d December 1863.

Blackwell - Worcester - 22d December 1863.

Briston - Norfolk 22d - December 1863.

Norton - Radnor - 22d December 1863.

Berrington - Worcester - 23d December 1863.

Buckn&U - Lincoln - 9th June 1860.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable Sir Laird Mair Lawrence to receive the full Benefit of the Salary of Governor General of, notwithstanding his being in receipt of an Annuity granted to him by the East India Company.

[18th March 1864.]

WHEREAS the Court of Directors of the East India Company did, on the Eleventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, unanimously resolve that, as a special Mark of the high Sense entertained by the East India Company of the eminent Services of the Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Knight of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India, late Chief Commissioner of the Punjab, and now Her Majesty's Viceroy and Governor General of India, in crushing incipient Mutiny in the Punjab, and maintaining that Province in Tranquillity during a Year of almost universal Convulsion, in equipping Troops and preparing Munitions of War for distant Operations, thereby mainly contributing to the Re-capture of Delhi, and to the subsequent Successes which attended the British Arms, and also as a Testimony of the high Sense entertained by the East India Company of his high public Character and Conduct throughout a long and distinguished Career, an Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, commencing from the Date of his Retirement from the Civil Service of the East India Company, be granted to the said Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence for the Term of his natural Life, which Resolution has been sanctioned by the General Court of Proprietors of the said Company, and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in the Manner required by Law to give full Effect to such Resolution: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session held in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

27° VICTORIA, c. % 3.

intituled An Act for effecting an Arrangement with the East India Company, and for the better Government of His Majesty's Indian Territories, till the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four y it was, amongst other things, provided, that there should be paid to the Governor General of India, to each Ordinary Member of the Council of India, to each Governor of the Presidencies of Fort Saint George, Bombay, and Agray and to each Member of any Council in any Presidency, the several Salaries therein mentioned, and that the said Salaries should be the whole Profit or Advantage which the said Officers should enjoy during their Continuance in such Offices respectively; and it was thereby also provided, that if any Governor General, Governor, or Ordinary Member of the Council of India, or any Member of the Council of any Presidency, should hold or enjoy any Pension, Salary, or any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or any Public Office, or the said Company, or any Annuity payable out of the Civil or Military Fund of the said Company, the Salary of his Office of Governor General of India, Governor, or Member of Council should be reduced by the Amount of the Pension, Salary, Annuity, or Profits of Office so respectively held or enjoyed by him: And whereas it is deemed fit and proper, in consideration of the Services of the said Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence, to make such Provision as herein-after is contained: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session held in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, intituled An Act for the better Government of India, it was, amongst other things, provided that the Expenditure of the Revenues of India, both in India and elsewhere, shall be subject to the Control of the Secretary of State in Council of India:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That the herein-before recited Provisions of the said Act of the Session of the Third and the Fourth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth shall not have any Application in the Case of the said Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum granted to the said Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence as aforesaid; and accordingly it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council of India to pay, and for the Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence to receive, the full Amount of the Salary of the Office of Governor General of India during the Time of the Continuance of the said Right Honourable Sir John Laird Mair Lawrence in such Office, without any Reduction or Diminution in respect of the said Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, anything in the said Act or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[18th March 1864.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Array within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist

of One hundred and forty-six thousand seven hundred and sixty-six Men, including Nine thousand three hundred and forty-seven, all Ranks, to be employed with the Depfits in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of Regiments serving in Her Majesty's Indian Possessions, but exclusive of the Numbers actually serving within Her Majesty's Indian Possessions: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established

a

3 & 4 W.4.

c. 85.

21 & 22 Vict c. 106.

Power to Secretary of State for India to pay to Sir J. L. M. Lawrence the foil Amount of Salary aa Governor General of India, in addition to Annuity granted by East India Company.

Number of Men to consist of 146, 766, including those employed at Depots of Regiments serving in India, but exclusive of those actually serving in India.

4 27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be (guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be f brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will ' allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and Copies printed by the Queen's Printer to be transmitted to Judges, &c.

L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Army, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers or Followers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, being Natives of India; and on the Trial of all Offences committed by any such Native Officer or Soldier or Follower, Reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such Native Officers, Soldiers, or Followers, and to the established Usages of the Service.

Persons subject 2. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be com-to this Act missioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay, and all Pensioners receiving Allowances in respect of such Service, and to Persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, Royal Engineers, and to Master Gunners, and to Conductors of Stores, and to the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving on the Commissariat Staff or in the Commissariat Staff Corps, and to Officers serving in the Military Store Department, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Commissioned Officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five,) to any Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on Duty in aid of the Civil Power, or for Muster or Inspection, or who having volunteered their Services for that Purpose shall be kept on Duty in any Fort, Town, or Garrison, and to all Military Store Officers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as Officers, or who shall be listed or in Pay as Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the Artillery or any of the Trains of Artillery, or as Master Gunners or Gunners, or as Conductors of Stores, or who are or shall be serving in the Department of Engineers, or in the Corps of Sappers and Miners* or Pioneers, or as Military Surveyors or Draftsmen, or in the Ordnance or Public Works or Commissariat Departments, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers employed under the Ordnance, and to all Veterinary Surgeons, Medical Storekeepers, Apothecaries, Hospital Stewards, a^d others serving in the Medical Department of the said Forces,

5

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

and to all Licensed Suttlers, and all Followers in or of any of the said Forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Military Store Officer, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

6. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in Chief, or commanding for the Time being any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command: Provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Held Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer is not in Command, hi which Case a Captain ittay bfe authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial.

(7. A^y Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or ^faewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courfc-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished foj: the same

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

Colonial and Foreign Troops in Her Majesty's Pay to be subject to Provisions of this Act

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

6

Powers of General Courts-martial.

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Powers of Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

As to swearing and summoning of Witnesses.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take plaoe.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence of Transportation.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Troops serving in any Place beyond Seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a General Court-martial, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army of which such Detachment or Portion forms Part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. All General and other Courts-martial shall administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Co.urt-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall* require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way,

7

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland\ or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions, in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing m this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

14. No Officer or Soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

15. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined iu a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier attested for or in Pay in any Regiment or Corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment or Corps, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

16. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm the Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and

No Second Trial for the same Offence, but Revision maybe allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

Judgment of Death may be commuted for Penal Servitude or other Punishments.

Embezzlement, &c. of Stores punishable by Penal Servitude.

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

17. Any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, or any Person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies, or in India> where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland, to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England; and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and

9

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

19. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any As to Execu-Offender by any Court-martial holden in India, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's tion of Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the seMtude in* Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death the Colonies, passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal *nd?a> Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at OTetewhere the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the out of Her Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in India, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any omimons' Part of. Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude

or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in India, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: In the Ionian Islands and elsewhere out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer commanding shall have Power to make an Order in Writing for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and such Offender shall be liable by virtue of such Order to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour and otherwise dealt with under the Sentence of the Court in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Place where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate Custody, or in the Place to which he may be removed for the Purpose of undergoing his Sentence of Penal Servitude.

20. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a A Sentence of General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in ^Tm^be any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief commoted for Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into Imprisonment execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with

or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her ^Majesty, qv to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

jfl., Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Of Forfeitures, shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her ^, n^5ined Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the Uuited Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer servitude, cojoamanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving^ in the event of the Sentence 27 Vict. B being

10

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, See.

Power to commute a Sentence of Cashiering.

Marking Deserters, or Soldiers discharged with Ignominy.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Regimental Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination herein-before mentioned, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the General or other Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

24. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

26. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen, and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend that he be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B. C., and such Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the Military Authorities.

27. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, but such Solitary Confinement shall not exceed the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days and with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

28. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award a Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts

11

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken tQ be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal,

Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persons as the said Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the said Secretary of State may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the said Secretary of State, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of As to the any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive oflen-

into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court- dere under Sen-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the General teaoe of Coart-commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

3L In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court- As to the martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of of

this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of the United Kingdom, it ners* shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the District

Provision for Subsistence of Soldiers when imprisoned in Common Gaols.

27- VICTORIA, c. 3.

or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than such Military Prison as aforesaid, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief or the Adjutant General of Her Majesty's Forces in the Case of any such Prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the Case of any Prisoner so confined in any Part of Her Majesty's Indian Dominions, and for the General commanding in chief in any Presidency in India in the Case of a Prisoner so therein confined, and for the Officer commanding in chief or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court at any Foreign Station in the Case of a Prisoner so there confined, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other Prison or Place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Military Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any publie Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases hereinbefore mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is hereinbefore mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place; and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

32. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Look-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland One Shilling per Diem% and in other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Sixpence per Diem% which the Secretary of State for the War Department shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application

in

13

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction Such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of One Shilling or of Sixpence per Diem, as the Case may be, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

In India the Expenses incurred under the Provisions of this Section shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Expenses of such Prison, or as may be provided by the Laws or Regulations to be made in that Behalf.

33. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Expiration of Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Imprisonment Reason to know or believe, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or ConunonGaols. Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or if in India to the Adjutant General of the Army, or to the nearest Military Authority with whom it may be convenient to communicate, Notice of the Day and Hour on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire; and every such Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to use his best Endeavours to ascertain and report in all Cases where practicable the particular Regiment or Corps, Battalion of a Regiment or Battery of Artillery, to which such Soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the Dep6i or the Head Quarters of his Regiment; and in the event of his being a Recruit who has not joined, that it may be so stated in his Report, together with the Name of the Place where the Man enlisted. In all Cases where the Soldier in Custody is under Sentence to be discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the Gaoler, such Gaoler shall not be reqtrirfed to make any; Report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the Military Authorities hereinbefore referred to.

34fVT?pon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Apprehenaion Constable *, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier °* Deserters in in Her ^mesty'a Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended Kingdom* siic^suspectpd Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice Jmng in, or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County: or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County pr such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter. Forty v two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or notj Ar if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Reghneftt or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to^suchPArty, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Fdrtn-pre^ribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of State for the Wai* Detriment, specifying therein Whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or^Gdrpnj lCd/t^ the Party of his Regiment or Corps, in order to his being taken to the Head

27° VICTORIA c. 3.

Quarters or Depot of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary of State* and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the said Secretary of State snail transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence* and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of State a Copy of the Commitment, In Her Majes- to the end that such Secretary of State may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any Dominions11 Buc^ E0r0on shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or, if the Regiment or CorpB be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Descriptive Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed Transfer of sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always, that any Deserters. finch Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by Order of the General or other Officer commanding to serve in any Regiment or Corps or Dep6t nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

As to the 36. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up

temporaiXf House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby

sertcreinGaoK required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

Desertion of 36. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Army who, having been attested or received Pay ^oinbif their °^er than Enlisting Money, shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he Regiments or has enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice Corps. of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own

Confession, forfeit his personal Bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where be shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty.

37. Any

27° VICTORIAE, c. 3.

37. Any Person who shall confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or from the Embodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Person shall at any Time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by the said Justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if, when such Person shall be brought before the said Justices, it shall be proved to their Satisfaction that such Confession has been made, but Evidence of the Truth or Falsehood of such Confession shall not at that Time be forthcoming, such Justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such Person in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a Statement of the Case to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a Request to be informed whether such Person appears to belong or to have belonged to the Regiment or Corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a Letter from the War Office in reply thereto, referring to such Statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person, and shall be deemed to be legal Evidence of the Facts stated therein, and on the Receipt thereof the said Justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the Case.

38. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

39. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again convicted for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of Such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

40. Any Person attested for Her Majesty's Army, or serving on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia or Volunteers other than as a Commissioned Officer, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of absenting himself from his Service, or neglecting to fulfil his Contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with

an

15

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Furlough in case of Sickness.

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate or by a Jury to be tried by a Court-martial for the same Offence.

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts

16

amounting to 30/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 30L, or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be token

27° VICTORIAE, c. 3.

an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, fof any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the 'like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his Inst Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Ago of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

41. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

42. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the Military Authorities may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall immediately after giving him Enlisting Money serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed *

43. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

44. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four

Hours

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Army, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and upon such Appearance the Justice or some Person deputed by him shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto, he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

45. When a Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, or in the Case of a Recruit enlisted at the Head Quarters or Dep6t of a Regiment to the Officer commanding the same; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money, and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall he kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

46. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, dr dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and >vhen the Recruit 6half have signed the said Declaration, and taken the said Oath, the Justice shall atle&t the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration fed Signed and attested; and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath j shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a Certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

47* No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Efclkting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court*marfial; but if any Recruit, previously to h& being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorised to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, oi *, having dissented from his Enlistment, shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, to adjudge such Recruit, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration #mde, by the Recruit On his Attestation purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in tljie Absence of Proof to the contrary, be 'rfeCkrictf 'sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as ih sich Declaration.

\: i v r [f-

48. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or havi made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned,

shall

17

before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received Pay, not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before

Two Justices or before a Court-martial

Recruits

absconding.

Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces,

Punishment of Persons offending against Laws relating to Enlistment.

Enlistment and Re-enlistment, and Transfer to another Corps abroad.

2V VICTORIA, c. 3.

shall be liable, at the Discretion of the proper Military Authorities, to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

49. If any Recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

50. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment, or to the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Army, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department, on the Confession thereof by such Man, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the said Secretary of State shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment, or to the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, as the Case may be, after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Soldier, in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman, or on the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Soldier shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia, or Attestation on the permanent Staff of the Volunteer Force, would have expired: Provided that in the Case or the Militia should the Regiment be within the United Kingdom the Secretary of State for the War Department shall not make such Order without the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Militia Regiment from which the Man shall have deserted.

5L Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Army shall be liable to be tried for such Offence before a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishments other than Death or Penal Servitude as such Courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in any Colony for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such Colony, or in the Ionian Islands for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Lord High Commissioner, or in Her Majesty's Dominions in India for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General or Lieutenant Governor or other Officer administering the Government of any Presidency, Division, or Province, or within the Territories of any Foreign State in India for the Person performing the Duties of the Office of British Resident therein, or for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local Limits of their several Authorities any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Army; and any such Magistrate or Person as aforesaid shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; but no such Magistrate or other Person authorized to enlist and attest as above mentioned shall be a General Officer or hold any Regimental Commission; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be

willing

19

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

53. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, or for any Officer authorized by him in that Behalf, to direct that any Soldier attested for any one Branch of the Service shall, on the Application of his Commanding Officer, and with his own Consent, be transferred to some other Branch of the Service, or to some other Regiment or Corps in the same Branch of the Service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every Soldier so transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and shall have a Certificate of Transfer delivered to him; but any Soldier attested for the Infantry, and at his own Request transferred to the Cavalry, Artillery, or Engineers, shall be bound to serve for the full Term of such Service as if originally enlisted therein, and any Soldier at his own Request transferred from either of such before-mentioned Services to the Infantry shall be liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment: Provided always, that any Soldier who may have volunteered for the Army Hospital Corps shall be liable, by Order of the Military Authorities above mentioned, to bfe re-transferred to his former Corps for Misconduct, Unfitness, or any other reasonable Cause.

54. Any Soldier at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he shall have first engaged, or after the Completion of such Term, may, with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, if approved by competent Military Authority as a fit Person for Her Majesty's Service, be re-engaged to serve for the further Terra of Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry, and Nine Years in the Artillery or Engineers, upon making a Declaration, in the Form given in the Schedule annexed to this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any Person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Service; and on the Expiration of the Second Term of limited Service for which any Soldier shall have engaged, the said Second Term of limited Service may be prolonged for such further Time, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer of the Station where such Soldier may be at the Time of the Expiration of such Service; and any Soldier who shall give Notice to his Commanding Officer, after completing his Second Term of limited Service, that he is desirous of continuing in Her Majesty's Service, and being approved by competent Military Authority, may be continued in such Service as a Soldier so long as he shall desire to be so continued, and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after he shall have given Notice to his Commanding Officer of his Wish to be discharged, and for that Purpose shall be considered in all respects during such Time as if his Term of Service were still unexpired.

55. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

66. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of

C 2 his

Soldiers transferred from one Service to another *

Re-engagement of Soldiers for a ftirther Term.

Enlistment of Negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

his Indenture ns a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless be shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotlandprior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside^ and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid? Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

57. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by his Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

58. No

27° VICTORIAE, c. 3.

21

58. No Person who shall for Six Months, either before or after the passing of this Act, Removal of have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, Attestation^f or Dep6t or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, Soldiers.

if proddced, shall be Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever; bet, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

59. No Secretary of State for the War Department, Paymaster General of the Army, Authorized Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive

any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier ^de from the in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after Pay of the the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, other than Arm>r* the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be authorized or required by Her Majesty's Regulations or Artioles of War, or by Statute Twenty-six and Twenty-seven Victoria Chapter Sixty-five. Section Eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds* and, the jtnformer, if a Soldier shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service.

60. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First it is Suspending enacted add declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with Operation of the CqjtKrrning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament recited.

of England, made in the Thirty--first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and

Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person

whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any

Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever,

1 without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to

quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever: And whereas

by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen

1 Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that mag e Anne, c. 14.

happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on 8- 8- (*)

their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Solder, or Trooper in the Army, nor the

Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Tra|n of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant

of any such Officer, Should at any Time thereafter have received or be allowed any Quarters

in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time or Times as he or they should be on

their March as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport

Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in

any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof, should be commanded to march from one Part of Ireland to anotherBut forasmuch ad there i$ and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps,

TropjpS, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireldrtd, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of qtxy Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

6L- lAndlwhereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign Certain Re-«.; of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Magistrate or quirement« of Constable should be obliged, to find Quarters for or give Billets to more or other Soldiers (i^to bi

than those only whose true Christian and Surnames should be delivered to him in Writing lering in Ire-

SH under

22

land, not now necessary.

How and where Troops may be billeted.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or Billets for such Soldiers at the Time such

Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names should be written together

and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and ' Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the Name of the

Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in Writing c by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier, and be contained ' in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enactment:* It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon tho Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any Iiist of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, % and to whom the same shall be addressed.

62. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-pensioners when assembled as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and m Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at least where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Com*-plaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such

Soldiers

23

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Soldiers are billeted* such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place, with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging, where he shall be duly billeted.

63. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the Billeting the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex ^r^.^and (except the City of London) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of South* Jester.68 nark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England

in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and defiver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer. Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, jach Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

64. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of Military Offi-the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing ^"^ces hf Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate MUetfog.68 Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things maae, done, and appointed

ty such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

65. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain Allowance to shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period Innkeepers-not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day,

the

24 27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Four-pence per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by auy Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against speh Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Non-commissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sigq a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

66. All Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Noncommissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in, Scottandy who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner, as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the AVar

Department,

Interpretation of Act

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets.

25

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company m right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goode and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part

the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

67. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, Supply of in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Carriages. Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by

some Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables* receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper* having CahiageSy to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to famish the' same accardii^ly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Plaee where Troops may he quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Tear of all Persons liable to famish anohi Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which List$ shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Wftnratat under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, aa far as the same can be done. i.

68. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed Bates to be shall be unde* One Mile the Rate of a fall Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid fof Carriages impressed shall he, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four R42ationrre-oVbforfe Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel. One lating thereto. Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four

Horaev carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Two* the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reason-aofo'm^he^UBtices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Reorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the OrcWV"faf1 iucih Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nhair^t MarkeiTbwn at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions;

obd Uo^such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and Dhh dthd* Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State; -

fbfr; the War Department within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great t'1 D Britain

Supply of Carriages in Cases of Emergency.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Britain when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever,

69. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables,

27

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

70. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

71. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to eign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

72. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

73. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

74. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if be shall so require, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place , not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

75. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the

D 2 Secretary

Justices empowered to reimburse Constables for Sums expended by them.

Routes in Ireland.

Tolls.

Ferries.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad

Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered "with. ' 1 'T:

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Penritjr for Diaobalfence by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

27° VICTORIAE, c. 3.

Secretary of State for the War Department of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty^ Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Chinch or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of the said Notification.

. 76. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony, or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanors and Offences herein-before mentioned; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, pn Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, ox in any Court of Record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction, bontaining the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

77. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents &re hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Spaoe of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Oflfehce be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or V>ld such Employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

78. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act afi Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Army, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money br Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

79. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to bd given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly oi indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for Signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Surn of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if be belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3. 29

80. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Beating Pe?*Jj7 on Order under the Hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause re"

to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or heep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shali directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

8L Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Means Penalty for in-whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or ^c^c^}dleTS persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person, who, knowing that any Soldier is about to ° eser ' desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices ebali think fit.

82. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter into Penalty far tfr break 6pen any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which ktiy Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

83. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and ppon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring Jrrt6 such' Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Mohey, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry ont of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his EMjr, pr shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for e.yery such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, WitVpr without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for every Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the J?ri^on, to bp imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding; pix Calendar Months, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal Punishment not exceeding Fifty Lashes, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Viartqr to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal ' r, - Punishment

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

so

Certain Provisions of Acts for regulating Gaols to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Punishment not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his original or of any additional Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof by a Board or by a single Visitor, be ordered to be kept in Prison for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in either a dark or light Cell, and with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, on a Bread and Water Diet, or otherwise; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

84. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

85* Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, on any Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall haye in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arras, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such

27° VICTORIA, c. 3. 31

Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, on the Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Legislature.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in Penalties upon billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume ^Jd^bjects to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this againsttL Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse Laws relating to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as to Blllets* is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providiing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer Or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall Penalty on Toll demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, on Duty or ^nTi^ToU on their March, for themselves or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners Soldiers, or for in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages; Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sutfc not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall on Persons personate or represent himself to be a Soldier or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If

32

Penalties upon the Military offending against the Law relating to Billets.

Penalty on killing Game without Leave.

Form of Actions at Law,

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. ©.43.

27" VICTORIAE, c. 3.

61. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or jnore Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person, any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall havt given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, Or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants^ or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the came can be done witkm reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, ouch Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Rounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

88. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shallp without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

89. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything foibe elope in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General flstie Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shalf be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or snffer any Discontinuance thereof, Or if in Scotland Such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Cotirt in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Charts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

90. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed^not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Valiiey shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of YeJue or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One*1 of* ipore Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of mi Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act rto facilitate

the

27° VICTQ*tI M, c. 3. 33

the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be -levied, the Offender maybe committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six 1 Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents/aS if 7 the said recited Act Had extended to Scotland scad Ireland, anything in the said recited Act,

br in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty j Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings 14 & 15 Vict. it Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, c- 93* contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, of in f Her Majest/s Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, of Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her v, Mhjei8tyV Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in l ifcrtie nf the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered ih&fltitish Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal

dr Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

, vM i

9L One Moiety'of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles Appropriation adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall, in the United Kingdom, go of Fenaltie8-tu the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty,

; together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by tlite Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Ag4nt for the Recruiting Service in London, and in India to the Military Secretary of the Govefn-, ment of the Presidency to which the Court by whom the Penalty shall be adjudicated shall bfc subject, to he at the Disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act pasted in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations 5 & 6 W. 4.

in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding^ and c\76; T

every Justice in the United Kingdom who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, t,

withfo Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the said Secretary of State, and in; r. v India the Cotirt which shall adjudge any Penalty under (bis A ot shal} immediately Report the same to the said Military Secretary.

f, j, , M. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier ip Her MoOeotre^rd-; Majesty's Army, or on the permanent, Staff of the Militia, having a Wife, or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where be is billeted, (^rhich tmeD gammons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, .upon Oath,

pouching the tlace of his last legal Settlement, end such Justice shall give an attested Copy Juf spell Examination to the Person, examined, to be by him delivered tp his Commanding: Officer, to be produced when required; which spid Examination and such attested Copy 4her$of shall .be atpny Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settle-jaent before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such j^oldiep be 4ead or absent. from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned /; , tfO make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being «. produced, by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall pot be obliged to I take ^apy pther Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required proyidej also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made by the Recruit *oii his; Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Setttementx r y. until legally disproved. '

!. *When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Licences of

VVt f f wuy A VAWVAA UUUli MVSVI UUJ VA MMVUVAAWf VA »* I Ml

Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to granf or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons* without regard to 27 VldT. E Time

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries, &c. to attest their Accounts.

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having BUch Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

94. All Muster Rolls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

95. All Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and all Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed J which Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

96. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act, found guilty thereof by a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court. In India, in all Cases where any Oath is hereby required to be taken, or any Person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn Declaration or Affirmation may be substituted, if by the Laws for the Time being in force in India such Declaration or Affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the Place of an Oath, in case the Party were about to depose as a Witness in a Civil Action in any of the Supreme Courts at the Presidencies; and any Person wilfully and knowingly giving false Testimony on Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation in any Case wherein such Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation shall have been made for the Purpose of this Act, or any Proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and, being duly convicted thereof before a Court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force in England, or by any Law in force in India, any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

97. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any such former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

98. It

27° VICTORIA, c. 3. 35

08, It shall be lawful for all Officers or other Persons who, under the Authority of the p1ers^?s em* Articles of War, may be authorized to take care of or collect or superintend or direct the ArScleso^War Collection of the Effects or any Part of the Effects of any Officers or Soldiers dying in to collect India, to ask, demand* and receive any such Effects to which their Authority shall extend, Effects, and to commence, prosecute, and carry on any Actions or Suits for the Recovery thereof, in ing and to sell and dispose of or otherwise deal with the same, without taking out any Letters India may do of Administration, either with any Will annexed or otherwise, in the same Manner in every so without Pro-respect as if such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid had been appointed Execu- of Administrators* and had proved the Will* or had taken out Administration of such Effects; and no tion. Administrator General nor Registrar of any Court in the East Indies, or any Person acting under the Appointment or Authority of such Court, ad colligenda or otherwise, or any other Person, shall in any Manner interpose in relation to any such Effects, unless empowered so to do by any such Officers or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, any Law,

Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Officers and Persons are, in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given, to follow any Orders and Directions which may from Time to Time be given on the Subject by the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency which may have Jurisdiction over the Effects of such deceased Officer or Soldier.

99. All Sums of Money due from Officers and Soldiers dying in India in respect of What Debts to Military Clothing, Appointments, and Equipments, in respect of Servants Wages, in respect of Household Expenses incurred during the current Month or since the last Issue of Pay, Debts, and to or in respect of Quarters, or of Mess, or Band, or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of have Priority Money flue to any Agent, or Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer upon any such Account, or on account of any Advance made for any such Purpose, and also any Charges or Expenses attending or relating to the Illness or Funeral of any such Officer or Soldier, and any Sums of Money due from deceased Officers or Soldiers which, by any Articles of War to be made under the Powers of this Act, shall be directed to stand on the same Footing as any of the Matters before mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts, and shall be paid out of any Arrears of Pay or Allowances, or out of any Prize or Bounty Money, or the Equipage, Goods, and Chattels of any Officer or Soldier dying in India, and out of any other Effects of such Officer or Soldier so dying which may be collected or received by any Officers or other Persons acting under the Authority of the Articles of War in manner herein-before mentioned, in preference to any other Debts, Claims, or Demands whatsoever upon the Estate and Effects of such Officer or Soldier; and if Doubt shall arise as to whether any Claim or Demand made in relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, or what is the proper Amount of the some, or whether any such Regimental Debt remains due, such Question shall be decided and concluded by any Order or Certificate to be made by the Military Secretary to the Government of the Presidency which may have Jurisdiction over the Effects of such deceased Officer or Soldier, or by any other Person whom such Military Secretary shall authorize to act for th&t Purpose on his Behalf, and all such Payments shall be good and valid in Law; and every Person who shall make any such Payment out of any such Arrears of Pay or other the Premises aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, or in pursuance of any such Order or Certificate as aforesaid, or into whose Hands any such Money shall come, shall be and is hereby indemnified for and in respect of such Payments, and all other Acts, Matters, and Things to be done in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of any such Order or Certificate, anything in any Acts or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

100, All such Regimental Debts shall and may be paid without Probate of any Will Regimental being obtained or any Letters of Administration or any Confirmation of Testament or ^Ct^ol^)p^aid Letters Testamentary or Dative being taken out by any Person, and the Surplus only of bate or Letters such Arrears of Pay or Allowances, Prize or Bounty Mone ^, Equipage, Goods, and of Administra-Chattels, and other Effects to be collected and received as aforesaid, or the Proceeds thereof, g^i^d0JJ}y to shall be deemed the Personal Estate of the Deceased for the Payment of any Duty which beXemed the may be claimable in respect of the same; and it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary Personal Estate aforesaid to order and direct the Payment or Distribution of any such Surplus, to any adnuni8-

E 2 Amount

36

27'VICTORIA, c. 3.

Military Seer©- Amount not exceeding One thoueatod Cotonpany'e Rupees, without toy Probate or Letters SSrteJ°.2d^' f Administration, or Confirmation of Testament or Letters Testatoentaryor Dative, or Surplus when Payment of toy Duty; tod it shall also be* lawful for any Paymaster or ether Person te not exceeding issue any Sum, not exceeding the Value of/ One thousand Company's Rupees, which may be pmy's^Rupees, ^ue aPy deceased Officer or Soldier, unto the Widow or Relative rofiany Officer or Soldier wSontProSe deceased, or unto the Representative or Representatives of any such OffiotrVWidow or or Administra- Relative fo* India, in like Manner, without any Probate or Letters of Administration^«r and Duty- of Testament or Letters Testamentary or! Dative, or Payment of any tDitty,

the aamc to be paid to the Person who shall be notified by the said Military Seerdtary ^tf^rtoahd: being dp titled thereto or as being a proper Person to receive the saita j^aiviall '

v> such Payments respectively shall be as Valid and effectual to alL Intents and Purposes as if-the same hod been-made by or to any Executor or Administrator* or under the AiUhoiity, of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament'or Letters Tesfomentaty or Dative, anything in any AcCt or Acts or Law; or LaWaito the contrary notwithstanding

Effects, &c. re- l6l. Any Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of toy Effects whfoh shall be, cpilected or deem^lsets reCC^ve<i under the Authority of. any Articles of War as aforesaid, if and when remitted to in the Place to any Person under toy Qnfor of the said Military Secretary or to such Military Secretary> which remitted shall not; foy'reason of coming to the Hands of such Person or Military Secretary, be taken ^b* or fiflfe&s in the Place to which such Proceeds or Surplus may be remitted, so

neceemiy^ to* render it necessary that Administration should be taken out in respect thereof; and Power to Mili- it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary Aforesaid to order that such Effect^ or the tary Secretary Proceeds or Surplus of toysiich Effiaets shall be remitted to any Place in India, either to Sne^of Effects bimselfor to any other Person or Persons by Whom the same can more conveniently be paid to any other over/to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and the Obedience to the Orders of such Place in India. Military Secretary in respect to the Payment and Disposal of toy such Effects, Proceeds, or Surplus of such Effects shall be a sufficient Discharge from all Actions, Suits, tod DemandsTu^respect thereof to all Persons to whose Hands any such Effects, Proceeds, of Surplus shall bate-come, and by whom the same shall have been paid tod disposed dfhnror the Order of such Mditafy Secretary. 1 .

Mode of administering Surplus prescribed.

1024 The; Effects or the Proceeds or Surplus of the Effects collected or received under the Authority of any Articles of War as aforesaid, which shall remain after satisfying sUoh Regtoental Debts as aforesaid, and subject to any such Payment, Distribution, or Disposal thereof as is hereinrbefore authorised, shall with all convenient Speed be transmitted to Such' Military Secretary as aforesaid by tho Officers of Persons employed or required to take ctoe of, collect, and receive the same, tod such Military Secretory shall cause the same or tho Surplus thereof remaining after satisfying Such Debts, and subject to such Payment1 and' Distribution as aforesaid, to be paid to the Executor or legal Representative (if inihdfo) of such Officer or S^dtier^ or if there shall be no such Executor or legal Representative in Ikd&zj or no such Executor-or legal Representative shall within Twelve Months from the Death of such Officer or Officers claim such Surplus, then and in that Case such Military Secretary shall remit the tod Surplus to the Secretary of State for the War Department, to be by h$m paid to the Exequtor or legal Representative of such Officer or Soldier so deceased, and such Remittance at the End of Twelve Months as aforesaid shall be a Discharge to such* Military Secretary from all Actions* Suits, and Demands in respect of such Surplus: Provided ^S^outAd^ a^way$> that the Administrator General of Registrar of Her Majesty?* several Supreme ministration to Courts in India shall not, nor shall any other Person by virtue of his Office, be required or entitled to take^ out Letters of Administration with the Will annexed or otherwise in -respect of such Surplus, nor in any Marnier to interpose in relation thereto, unless expressly authorized so to do by the said Military Secretary; and in all Cases in which the Surplus so to be remitted by the said Military Secretary to the said Secretary of State for the War Department shall iiot exceed One hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Sforatary of state to order and direct the Payment and Distribution thereof to such Persons as he stydl f determine to be entitled thereto, without any Probate, Letters Testamentary or Dative, ', or Payment of toy Duty.

Registrar of

Surplus.

j:i

103. Ia

27rVICTORIJE; .c; 3.

37

103. In all'Elaoefe; where any Bedjrof Heir Majesty's Forces may be serving Where Troops

situate beyond the Jurisdiction of any Courts of Requests, or other Courts for enforcing small Dematid8, eetablbhedattheOitiesof Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, diction of the*" Actions- of Ddbt* and all personal Actions against Officers or against Persons licensed to Courts of React as Sutlers, or Other Persona amenable to the Provisions of this Act not being Soldiers, Jf^t^onl1 shall be cognizable before a Court of Requests composed of Military Officers, and not else- exceeding 400 whose, prowdedthd Value in qraestion shall not exceed Fbur hundred Rupees, and that the Rupees to be Defendant was a-Person of the aboVd Description when the Ckuse of Action arose, which by

Court* the Commanclfag Officer of any Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment is hereby authorised Conrt* and empowered to convene; and the said Coprt shall m all practicable Cases consist of Composition Five Oonuoaipsibiied> Officers, and in no Instance of less than Three, and the President *?d Constitu-t hereof ehall/in all practicable Cases be a Field Officer, and in no Case be under the Rank of aCaptain.? and every Member shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned Officer; scribed. and beMcosidentandMtmterea^isringat any such Court, before any Proceedings be President, &c. had before it, shall take the following Oath, which Oath shall be administered by the totake

President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member , oath! owlug havittg fli^ take^ the O^th; (that is to say,)

T 1 swear. That I will duly administer Justice according to the

Af videi>ce in the flatters that shall be brought before me* So help me GOD.' j '

Anqall before any such Court shall be examined in the same Manner as in the Peweft^tach

Casp.gjf a Cpurt-fliartiaJ, and it shall be competent for such Court, upon finding or Court^Wtaed.

awarding any Debt or Daqaago, either to award Execution thereof generally, or to direct; ...

spechdly £bat the whole rni any Part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the Plaintiff out iqf, any Pa*t not exceeding One Half of any Pay or Allowance, or out of any other Pubhq Money, yhich may respectively be coming to the Defendant in the ourrent or any future Mofttb or Moftha, or to direct the same to be so paid by Instalments; and in aH Casfs wherqtbe Execution shall be awarded generally the Debt, if not paid forthwith, shall be Iqyied by> Seizure and public Sale of such of the Defendant's Goods and Property as may fqq1# within the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment under a written Order of the Commanding Officer, grounded on the Judgment of the Court; and all Orders of such Commanding Officer as to the Manner of such Sale, or the Person by whom the same shall be niail0jjofr'otherwise reopening the same, shall bq valid and binding $ and any Goods and -Property of Ae Defendantfound within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment to which the Defendant shall belong at any subsequent Time shall be liable to be seized android iu like Manner in satisfaction of any Remainder of such Debt or Damages; and if any j^uestioa ahall. arise whether any such Effects or Property are liable to be taken in Execution as aforesaid, the Decision and Order of the said Commanding Officer shall be finalmd^anduOlve with respect to the same, and if sufficient Goods shall not be found within/ the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, or Cantonment, then any Public Money or any Parfc!^ exceeding Oae Half of the Pay or Allowances accruing to the Defondant shall be stoppedih liquidation of Ouch Debt or Damages; and if such Defendant shall not receive Pay as an Officer or /from any Public Department* but be a Butler, Servant, or Follower, he may hefantested by dike Order of the Commanding Officer, and imprisoned in some convenient Plaee within the Military Boundaries for any Period not exceeding Two Months, unlewitheDebt.be sooner paid; and the said Commanding Officer shall not, nbr shall any Person noting on* Up Order* in respect of the Matters aforesaid, incur any Liability to any Person: o^iPerOom whomsoever for any Act done by him in parsuanoe of the Provisions aforesaidj; and in Cases where the said Court shall direct specially that the whole or any Part of the Debt or Damages shall be stopped and paid out of Part of any Pay or Allowance^ ©r <rat of any PubHo Money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in confexsh^ty^ with such Direction Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shaft ehkbfcjany suehr Aotioa as aforesaid to be brought in the said Court by any Officer or Soldkftagai&tiany Officer *

tieheyer any Court-martial may be held in India by virtue of this Act on any Pmvttons re-Offiwfw Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forced there shall sit on such Court-martial One kjjPS or more Officer or Officers of Her Majesty's stud Indian Forces, if the Attendance of such Her

nl , 801 Officer

38

Majesty's Indian Forces.

Officers and Soldiers serving in India.

Duration of this Act

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, and if the Attendance of no such Officer or Officers can be conveniently bad, then the Officer convening such Court-martial shall specify the same in his Warrant or Order convening the Court-martial; and the Government of any of the Presidencies, in India may suspend the Proceedings of any Court-martial held in India on any Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces within such Presidencies respectively; and if any Officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall think himself wronged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, and shall upon due Application made to him not receive the Redress to which he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his Commander-in-Chief in order to obtain Justice, who is hereby required to examine into such Complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or by his Adjutant General, to make his Report to the Government of the Presidency to which such Officer belongs, in order to receive the further Directions of such Government: Provided that no Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who may have joined or may join either of the Staff Corps formed in the several Presidencies of India under the Warrant of Her Majesty bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, constituting the said Corps, and no Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who shall have volunteered or may volunteer to join Her Majesty's General Military Service, shall be deemed to be an Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces for the Purposes of this Section,

105, Any Officer or Soldier, or other Person subject to this Act, who shall be serving in the Territories of any Foreign State in India, or in any Country in India under the Protection of Her Majesty, or at any Place in Her Majesty's Dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales' Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a Distance of upwards of One hundred and twenty Miles from the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed Treason or any other Crime which, if committed in England^ would be Felony, may be tried by a General Court-martial, to be appointed by the General or other Officer commanding-in-chief in such Place for the Time being, and, if found guilty, shall he liable to be sentenced by such Court-martial to suffer such Punishment os might legally have been awarded by any of Her Majesty's Courts of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction within Her Majesty's Dominions in India in respect of an Offence of a like Nature and Degree, and committed within the Jurisdiction of such last-mentioned Court; but no Sentence of a General Court-martial for any such Offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such General or other Officer commanding-in-chief as aforesaid, except as is herein-after provided, to confirm the Sentence of any such General Court-martial; and such General or other Officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the Sentence; or, in the Case of a Sentence of Penal Servitude, may commute the same to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for such Period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all Cases wherein a Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of a Commissioned Officer, or where a Sentence of Death shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of any Person subject to this Act other than a Commissioned Officer, such Sentence shall not be carried into execution until it shall have been duly confirmed by the General or other Officer commanding-in-chief Her Majesty's Forces in India9 with the Concurrence of the Governor General in Council: Provided also, that any Person whamay have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried fok the same Offence by any other Court whatsoever.

106. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark9 and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall ho and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and guty-Jour inclusive until the First Day of August (me thousand eight hundred and sixty-

five;

27° VICTORIA c. 3. 39

five; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four inclusive until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape iif Chad Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island fVom the Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act. Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date

186

A.B.

HPAKE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock *

"* on the Day of for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are

applicable to the Case], and if you do not come to [here name some Plouce\ on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken

before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representation at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned \__________

Officer serving the Notice.)

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of in the county of,

do solemnly and sincerely declare, That to the best of ftiy Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (b) in the County of (c), and am Years of Age; that I am of the Trade or Culling

of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case may fte]; that I am not an Apprentice;

that I am not married; that I am not a Widower; that I am a Widower, and that I have (or have not) Children; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been

Note (a), (6), (c). These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the requisite Information.

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186, at o'Clock M.

by of, and that I have read [or had read to me] the Notice then

given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free

Kit, and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of [instead of the Words "in

the Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are applicable to the Case

in or for whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions the Enlistment may be made'] for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Ten Years for Infantry and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may bef[provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit

__________Signature of Witness.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

T do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person* Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.,

Witness my Hand, __________Signature of Recruit

.__________ Witness present.

The above Declaration and Oath were made before me at this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice__________

H

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing

his Service.

T do declare, That I am at present [or was, as the Case may be,] in

Captain Company in the Regiment [the foregoing Portion

of this Declaration may be altered to suit each particular Case]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and

Successors, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with Eleven Years in

the Infantry, or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery fEngineers, and Infantry, or Twenty four in the Cavalry,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________the Day of 18_.

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form

27* VICTORIA, c. 3. 41

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

(J . - of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Bay of for the Term of Yeans;

and that the said did on or about the Bay of abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and the said. is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the, Bay of One thousand eight hundred and

Setottr 'before me at this

Bjfrf ^f One thousand eight hundred

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

to wit

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify^ That of came before me at

the Bay of One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath that-he was by Trade a, and that was bound to serve as: an

Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Hay of

for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the

' ' Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

wfthbut his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years. 1

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That was bound to me to

serve as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years, and that the said did on or about the

'' ' "' Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

. r, yffipWBB, frc.

[as for Apprentice.']

. ..... I

ifofclk'of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured ' ' ' Labourer.

v. .)I . > One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

... ? 7l-'t v/' certify,> That of came before me at

t..tW»j, Mi; Day of and made Oath that was bound to serve as an

a.ijn^n^edl^boiujer to him by Indenture dated the Bay of for the

Term of Years, and that the stud indentured. Labourer did on or about the

t Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said.

without Consent.

. 'l V W

r.M

27 Vict.

Form

42

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's or Purveyor's

Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have not applied any Monies

or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of or

Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may be].

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeeper's Accounts.

T, Storekeeper at, do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare,

That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and authorized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Parts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned oy the Regulations of 19th December 1832 (See Art. 246, at Page 65, of Home Regulations); and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and bonS, fide paid by mo for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at this Day of

18

___ i

Storekeeper at__________

Magistrate for____

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

T, Barrack Master of the Barracks at, do

hereby solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also

solemnly

27° VICTORIAE, c. 3.

solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit $8 Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and

bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at this Day of

Barrack Master at__________

18 }

Magistrate for

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That the foregoing Pay List of the

Regiment of, for the Period ended 186, contains Charges of Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Periods set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the, the, and the have the true Reasons

of their Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down against their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the Muster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to, have been actually and bon& fide disbursed by me in conformity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein charged, including every Receipt whatever, for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts, is

Also, that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination, of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of 186 (the Date of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 186)and the of 186, the Date of this

Pay List.

F 2 Also,

44

27° VICTORIA:, 'c. 3.

Also, that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in ' this Pay List, in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that to the beBt of toy Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; mid that they respectively reside at the Places under mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence.

Declared and subscribed before me, at this

Day of 186 .

Witnesses

Peace for__________

_ Commanding Officer. Adjutant.

__Paymaster.

Justice of the

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Military.

Accountant.

T HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, That this Account, comprised in Folios, is just and true, according to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

__________ Military Accountant.

Declared before me, at this Day of

18

for

Justice of the Peace

No.

45

27° VICTORIA, c. 3.

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or " surrendered himself, "

as the Case may Se,] on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps].

£ 1 CD 1 1 i i 1

Height Feet. Inches.

Complexion .....

Hair ...

Eyes -

Marks -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place ---- .

* < ' Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom or through whose Means the Deserter whb apprehended and secured

Particulars in the Evidence on which the, , Prisoner is committed, and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

-»' Signature and Address of Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

* ---- — Signature of Informant.

t Insertw is " or M is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

---- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of § Private Medical Practitioner.

Insertu fit " or " unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

§ No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[18th March 1864.]

WHEREAS is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the 1 Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of f Lori High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered f or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or

Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels, or they may be ' under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of

Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm,

by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according 6 to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for ' the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that

Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be ' guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the Prejudice of good Order and f Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms ' of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Lord High 1. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing Admiral, &c. the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to make, ordain, alter, and

tidesfa*the establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under

Punishment of the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Mutiny, Deser- Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, *"* Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings of Courts-martial, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as^ conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

2. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of ^the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason

tion, &c.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Limitation as to Time.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

of his haying absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding'Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark$ and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paving, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Maxines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

6# All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Foroes shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Foroes by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, &c.

The ordinary Coarse of La* not to be interfered wkh. r

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering, &c.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

48

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Lord High Admiral, &c. may grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, &c.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

ha landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore ? and with or without any Commission pr Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or Commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene, Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or, Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which be shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be. tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the "Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

7. It shall be lawful for the void Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or mare of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other . Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Couifts-maftial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for 'convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as: Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant sh^l be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree Of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to, this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

Power of Ge- 8, Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British C°Urt*- Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to martl sentence any Officer of Marines or Marine to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment,

i Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage i of the: Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at leadf of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence 6f lyansportarion *

Powers of DU- 9# Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the

-British Isles shall bassist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall hate the martial. same Power as a General CourtHGoartial to 6hntenoe any Marine to stxoh Punishments as shall

accord

27° VICTORIA, c. 4. 49

accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Com- Powers of missioned Officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that Number, in which ^J^8cl^ae1a^nd Cose Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Courts-Martial. Punishment or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord

with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Courts-Martial Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant .Vessel, the March or in Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may Transport be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, Ships, &c. provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Powers of

Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, upon Complaint made tp him of any Offence, committed ^neraU^urte-against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in ai^y Country in which martial Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving, by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General ' i

Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the '

Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received- any ' .

Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of ackl; /

Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courtsniiartialt Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party

to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13- When it is necessary or expedient, a Court-martial composed exclusively of Officers Officers of the of the Royal Marines, or a Court-martial composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army, or x^Forccs of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with Officers of the Royal may 8it°in con-Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled junction on belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person belonging to any One of Courts-Martial. the said Three Services; provided that when the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, then the Provisions of this Act, or of such Act as s^ll be then and there in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles,

of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated as if the Court were composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army only, and the Provisions of the Act then and there in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein -

prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and;

there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Axrny, and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such Officers and Soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

14a. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forced present in Superior Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall

27 Vict. G be

sent in Com-niatid of a District, &c., an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

President of Coart-martial.

Proceedings at Trial.

Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority of the Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

16. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects t# being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection, unless allowed by Two Thirds at least of the other Officers appointed to form the Court, shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

17. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce

27° VICTORIA, c. 4. 51

Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Cose of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other C/Ourts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in tho Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies *

Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof,

18. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges Previous Con-the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on fictions to be such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence Seace. against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

27" VICTORItiJE/ c4.

19. No Officer ot Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Findings Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

20. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on; shore in any Place within the Said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts o»t of such Dominions, or on board oriy Transport Ship, or MerchaSt Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Haws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or, shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any Such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to t^c Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, .without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; 'or shall .misbehave himsejf.before, the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up liny Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Ganrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post); or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Bet)?!, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, qr any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terns with any such Babel, Piratey or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; , or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of hia Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shell offer any Violence against a Visitor or other; Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Militant Prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other. Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non, -commissioned Officer or Marine in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

Commutation: ' 21. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded, by a General PeMUkrvf Court-martiM.or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty,

tude or other or, if ill nily Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer Punishment. 1 having 'Authority to confirm Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to oriler the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Pour Yeats, or to suffer BUch Terra of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid. 1

Embezzlement 22. Any, Officer or Marine, or any Person employed or in any way concerned in the PenldServi-^arc or"Distribution of any Money, provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or tude, &c. pther Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use; , who shall

embezzle,

rfi^ndplenjtly misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them tQr hav^ been stolen* or, shall be concerned therein br cotfriivb thereat/ inlay 'beGtHed for the saiqe by a. General Court-martial, and sentenced1 to b^ kcpf in Peti^l Sbr?itude for any Tcrmjootleas than. Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Flne, ' Imprisonment, i Dismissal ftopx Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks'if a Warrant or Nori^commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according tb the Nrittire and Degree of the £ Offipiqe; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, niako good at his owp. Fxperise the Loss and' Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Gmrt is, required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount bf such Lobs dr Damage and to declare; by their1 Sentence that such Amount shall be triadd good by such Offender; and the Lops and* Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to- Hetf Majesty, and may be recovered in ariy of Her Majesty's Cotlrta at Westminster or ink Dublin, I or the Court of Exchequer in ^Scotland, br in any Cdnrt in Her Majesty's Cdfonties, whetfe the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed, and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remam in the i Service, may be . put under \ .Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until thp Amount so / ascertained shall be recovered.

28. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude herritoforbor; hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution / for; jtbe Term specified in such Sentence or for any snorts Term, or shall be graciously r pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death Which shall have / . been passed by aqyjsuch Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon . the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lora High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, tpi any Justice, of the Quoen's Bench, Common Plens, or Baron of the Exchequer, and m thereupon $qch Justice or Barop shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such

ii Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and >j shall Jp all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron r ia authorized to makq-or do by any Statute or Statutes in force rit the Time of making any, .such Orders, in relation tp Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to !; be 40 m$do and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and1 executed by such Person in whose w Custody sjueh, Offender shall, at that Time /be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the samri Conbequenbes, as ariy Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender iri such Statute mentioned; .and, -every Sheriff, .Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, br Superintendent whom it irisy concern, ih .fund all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Ptmishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the *< some bad been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively tb all; and every the Penalties and Provisions made by LhW and in force concerning Pemons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon* on Condition

: .i*of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Orfer of Penal Servitude shall be; 'j. made every Law, and Statute in force touching, the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning 1 1 wHhdutJLieave of ariy such Offender; and the Judge who shad make any Ordjer of Penal '' f 'Servitude as aforesaid direct the Notification of Her Majesty's plenfuter and* his own

to be filed and.kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the '

JV CfoWn 6f thb Court of Queen's Bench; and the? said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two

Shillinggs and Sixpence onljrfoir filing the earner and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate ' Iri1 Writing Oiot taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to $ucfi Offender, bf tb ariy Fbrdon applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he Was convioteA the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude . wa^made; wMcJ* Certificate shall be sufficient; Proof of the Conviction and of the*Sentence 5^of such -Qfenjet>. #nd, fttsp of the Terpis in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom;

Also in the Colonies.

Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment.

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4.

made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England, and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

24. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through Ode of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall, according to such Directions, undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

25. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

26. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

27. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High

95

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4.

Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to he signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which be shall be sent,) shall be a- sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any each Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

28. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Divisional Court-martial eha)L except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the Officer commanding the Division or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

29. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment.

30. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, and.Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

31. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, fo addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Array or Divisional Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

32. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or or the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former Good Conduct, and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

la wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

Iu wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or othttwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Power to commute a Sentence of Cashiering.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement;

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of De-

27° VICTORIA, c, 4.

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to hawe been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him: Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military;

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of-a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

33. Every Marine who shall be foutid guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, pr of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intjent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirpied, or found guilty a Jury of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England] or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence ih any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the .Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment winch such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who maybe sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise* forfeit all Medals which: he may be in possession of whether for Sea or Field Service or for Good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining! and any Sergeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

34. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-marjjal or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to'Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Nqgfoct of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, be may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and aqy Maripe who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without

27" VtCtOHIJEi c. 4. 67

Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the scrtion or Ab-Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Lwre*ith°Ut teave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period, and shall abgCDt

not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, Or if any Marine without Leave. shall he guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he ip authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and siacty^eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without SoEtary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on wMcn he may be so imprisoned; and Hre said Commanding Officer may moreover order y that in! addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and' Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, afiy Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day Or Day* during which be shall bive so fcbfented himself; and in pursuance of ^ny such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marinej shall be accordingly forfeited; Provided always* that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by & Court-martial for apv Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last - '

aforesaidr, Provided also* that any Marine who shall he so ordered to suffer Imprisonment ec Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Bight to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, thrt it shall be (awful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold7the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Bay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid,

35. Any General, Garrison, of District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be Forfeiture of convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restriction* and Regulations as Drunkenness, may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of thiaf Act, subject to Bestoratidii on subsequent good Conduct ? and every Divisional or Detachment Court-'niarfkil "shall deprive a Marine Convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of spch Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under fetich Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said' Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so .sentenced to the, Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a*Station: j where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued In Kind!, shall be deprived of his,

Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain , in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force *

36. Any Conrt-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms Forfeiture of to he deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for Pay for Drunkbeing drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty or on Parade or pn the Line ^t?8 on of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Dii^s, itnd Such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

7, 37vtn addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Churt-mafrtial Stoppage, jma ^, further djrect that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have , : W^e, good — ., ' .

Apy Bofinty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in , t .t some other Corps or in the Militia:

(k A»y Loss, Pipposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful , (Coquet, herein specified:

«, Losa* pisposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property Whatsoever,

,; . (H ^, oj|e4, )byhi8 wilful or negligent Misconduct: *

, , jAny Loss, Pisposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Ins Arms, Clothing,

27 VICT. H Instruments,

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking Deserters or Marines discharged with Ignominy.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

27° VICTORIA

Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general Good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Iiyury to Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

38. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

39. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked. Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend that he be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B.C., and such Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the proper Authorities.

40. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and anj Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without

59

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direot that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

41. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Imprisonment Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award Sentence of Offender al< of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to sentence. commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

42. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude or Imprisonment Term and under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as Flaceoflm-commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by Pn8onnient-the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

43. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court- Proviso for martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction or elsewhere, in any Part of the United 8°ne Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the

Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Division or the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness Or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the Officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the Case of any such Prisoner, to give os often as Occasion may arise an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military or other Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other Prison or Place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer or Authorities who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal,

Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of me Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal,

Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hurd Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military or other Custody before the Expiration of that Time

60 27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

under an Order duly made for that Purpose 5 and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or any Person duly authorised by him in that Behalf, skill have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military or other Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military or other Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place, and such Prisoner may during Such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removd.

Custody of 44. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of deT^niiury" ar*y or H°U80 Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into Sentence Ui his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Common Gaols. Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong os is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or he otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or .Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, apd; during the Time specified in the said Order, or up til he be discharged or delivered oyer to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order, duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from thfe Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over* any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed* shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Their Subsistence in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment in Common Gaols.

45. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated* together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem} or suob other Sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

46. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to

61

27° VICTmm fi-4

to the Expiration of" the Period of the Coiffinemeut or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the*longest practicable Notice thereof, specifying the Day and Hour of .the, Day on and at which he is to be released; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to he discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marine*'or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the Officer commanding at the nearest Head, Quarters of the Royal Marines, or the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any $qch Marine may belong, shall, by Writing under his Hand, direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered tp such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler ot Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying' the Receipt of such Marine, and if such Gaoler or other Person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such Marine specifying the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so coriddeted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall* upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty^ Navy the Sum of One ShiHing per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct* convey, or deliver any shrin Marine as aforesaid shall for every such Misconduct or Offenee forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. In all Cases where the Marine in Custody is under Sentence to be*1 discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the-Gaoler, such Grader shall not be required to make any Report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Deputy Adjutant General of Marines.

47. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lard High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, (there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be.discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Rempyal from any other Prison under this Act.

Military Prisons established under any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in the Array to be deemed public Prisons.

48. Mxteters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Musters, and Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on a us some pther Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belohgih^ to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrne Certifidate thereby to1 excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attetid or perforin, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall Willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roil or, Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proofiby Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to he cashiered; Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimandfed* or* in addition thereto, to suffer such Lp^s of Rank as may be deemed

expedient;

62 27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to he falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Verifying of 49* All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath Muster Rolls. shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace* without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

Trials for De- SO. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps subs^uenfRe- *n*° ^ich may ^ave unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another enlistment. Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to whfoh he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be givbn in Evidence against him on such Trial.

Apprehension 61* Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any of Deserters. Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that Such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether Such Deserter Was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his seeing taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Deputy Adjutant General of Royal Marines, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and Secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department' for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to he entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two

Shillings

63

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings pnd Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any such Foreign Dominions, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or if the Detachment be in suGh Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding a Description Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Description Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated; and such Sum of Twenty Shillings, and such Fees of Two Shillings and Two Shillings and Sixpence, and all Charges and Expenses for conducting such Deserter to any Prison or Police Station and to Head Quarters or Depots, shall be charged against any Wages or Pay of such Deserter: Provided always, that any such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred, by Order of the Colonel Commandant or other Officer commanding, to serve in any Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

52. For and in respect of any Marine attempting to desert from any Head Quarters, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

53. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Plaoe of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which Buoh Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

54. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, shall fo any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presenoe of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve iu Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not $ or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have

Transfer of Deserters.

Penalty on Marines attempting to desert from Head Quarters.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Fraudulent

Confession of Desertion.

64

24 & 25 Vict c. 96.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4.

been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time- in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

55. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure or persuade any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit.

56. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such

Extension

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

65

Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, and certain Misdemeanors, or for Debts amounting to 30/. and upwards;

but not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough,

57. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine, or who has received Marine Enlistment Money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Order, Warrant, Judgment,

Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Marine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract,

Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any euch Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona, fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed *

58. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere 9fficer8 not

under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice Pari^Ap^en-to him. tices.

59. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Officers not to Marine Forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable Mayors1*8 °F of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, and no such Officer and no Non-commissioned Officer of such Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any

27 VICT. I County,

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received Pay, not triable by

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4

County* Hundred* Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

60. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall, immediately after giving him Enlisting Money, serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

61. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid shall upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

62. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Marines, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and previously to such Appearance, some Person employed in the Recruiting Service shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are fequisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and a Vagabond.

63. When a Recruit, upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid* shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Commandant of the Division for which the Marine shall have enlisted; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said Commandant, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

64. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice diall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration and taken the Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested, and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

65. No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit, previously to his being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly

authorized

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

67

authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall Court-martial,

refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from c^hn

his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of able as Rogues

such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any and Vagabonds.

One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or

Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, when he shall be brought

before them or him, if in England, to adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to

sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of

Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration

made by the Recruit on his Attestation, purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance

with the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be

deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as

stated in such Declaration; and any Marine who shall have given any false Answer at the

Time of or relative to his becoming a Marine shall forfeit all Pay, Wages, and other Monies,

be the same Naval, Marine, or otherwise, which he might otherwise have been entitled to

for any Period of Service in the Royal Marines.

66. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered Attested Re-

to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or in

shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, either before shall be liable, at the Discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, Two Justices to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by co^martial them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

67. If any Recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and Recruits bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice abscondm&-before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

68. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Militiamen en-Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a ini? Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the guar orce8' Confession thereof by such Militiaman or on other Proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his

being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Marine in the same Manner as he Would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Marine shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired.

69. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Pro- Penalty on visions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall be liable to be tried for such Offence by a General Court-martial, and to lament. be sentenced to such Punishment, other than Death or Penal Servitude, as such Court

may award.

70. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a AstoUe-en-Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or for the Officer commanding listmentabroad, any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne, or

on board of which any such Marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion or Detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, if such Marine be considered by

I 2 such

68 27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service, and every such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

Apprentices 71. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal enlisting to be Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried afteAhe Exp!- an^ atte8te<l that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by ration of their false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, Apprentice- if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have 8 , p* been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the

Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

72. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

73. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or cat the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial;

and

69

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

74. No Person who shall for Six Months, and either before or after the passing of this Removal of Act, have received Pay and be borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of

Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) Marines, shall be Evidence, or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

75. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

76. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the Billeting of quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore:' Be it enacted, That during the Marices-Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the

Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all B&t and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by

Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.

70

Allowance to Innkeepers.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables, and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

77. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pep|>er, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Irelandf, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Poutids of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4. 71

before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Non-commissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

78. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Supply of Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within Carriages, their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified

by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out at least once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation so far as the same can be done.

79. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed Rates for Car-shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for ria«e8* Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four

or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain,

72

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, paydown the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

Providing for 80. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing Supply of Car- the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, Cases of Emer- ^7 their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by gency. the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary,

or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing

and

73

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4.

and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of suoli Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women,

Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same *

8L It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to Justices of direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, pacee^ or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Su^expended Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such for Carriages, reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective &c* Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

82. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Lord Lieuten-

Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person ant oJMand to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Bewoi«Pto sign Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor. Routes.

83. All Officers and Marines on Duty or on their March, being in proper Uniform, Dress Exemption or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all from Tol, i# Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty

or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine on Duty or on their March, who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Femes in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate

Eay able by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his *any, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

84. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Marching Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) on Dii" to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Dischargee* charge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from 27 Vict. K the

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

85. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of such Notification.

86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to

1>rovide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the egal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to nave any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland, for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided, or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to , be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted

as

75

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

88. Every Marine Officer or Marine who shall, without Warrant from One or more Penjtftyfor of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Out- forcible Entry, house of any Person whomsoever, in Pursuit of any Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof,

forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

89. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Penalty for Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, upon any purchasing Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Marine or Marine "y Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such, Marine, to sell any Anns, Ammunition, Medals for Good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to

the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any Place or with any Person such Articles of Regimental Necessaries with or without the Consent of such Marine, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description hereinbefore described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property

K 2 as

Penalty on unlawful re* cruiting.

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

Limitations of Actions.

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict c. 93.

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

90. Every Person (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

91. For the better Preservation of the Gnrite and Fish in or near Places where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

92. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become jionsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

93. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Trelandior the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which-the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may

at

77

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

94* One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of Appropriation any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other of Penalties. Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corpoi'ations in England and 5 & 6 W. 4. Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and c*76-every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

95. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Juris- Licences of dictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Canteen*. Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

96. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be Mode of record-quartered on shore may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine

is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the e en Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement l>efore any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case pny Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

97. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be Administration administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person of Oaths, having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Perjury. Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized

or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General nr other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

98. All

Definition of Terms.

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Duration of Act

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

98. All Claused and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as ah Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and oilier Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any Private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

99. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive; and in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

V7 OU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.

V7 0U shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or

Affection,

79

27° VICTORIAE, c. 4.

Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any Account whatsoever, disclose or

A discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 186 .

a.b:

TAKE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock *

on the Day of for the Royal Marines, and if you do not come

forward to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either

to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representations at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned)__________

Officer serving the Notice. j

At A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

I now residing in the Parish of in the county of,

do solemnly and sincerely declare. That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (b) in the County of (c), and am Years of Age; that I am of the Trade or

Calling of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case may be\; that I am not

an Apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a Widower; that I am a Widower, and that I have (or have not) Children) [or not married, as the Case may be-\; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or Royal Naval Volunteers, or to any Portion of IJer Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military, Marine, or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186, at

o'Clock M. by of, and that I have read [or had read to me]

the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit [as the Case may be'], and have no Objection to make to the

Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the Term of [the Blank after the Words tf Term of" to be filled up with Twelve Years9 if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term,

Note (a), (6), (c). These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the requisite Information.

so

27" VICTORIAE, c. 4.

not exceeding Two Year?, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit

__________Signature of Witness.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

I DO make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________Signature of the Recruit

__________Witness present

Declared and sworn before me \ at this Day (

of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.)

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by aJMARiNE renewing his Service.

I do declare, That I am at present [or was, as the Case mag 4*,] in the

X Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the

Day of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to he filled up with such Number of Years as shall be

required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me, this Day of 186 .

Signature of Marine. Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said' is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

\ T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit. j X certify, That of came before me at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about

the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

27° VICTORIA, c. 4.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or surrendered himself,

as the Case may be-\ on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age - -j -

Height - - j f Feet. Inches.

Complexion - - j r

Hair -j f

Eyes - - j j

Marks - - r J r

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where f

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what 1 Place - - r

Name and Occupation and Address of the t Person by whom or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured /

Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is comruitted; and showing whether he surrendered or was appre — < hended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details Should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

---- — Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

— ---- Signature of Informant.

f Insert " is " or "is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

..... Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert " fit " or " unfit," as the Case may be, and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

81

27 Vict.

L

82 27° VICTORIA, c. 5.

CAP. V.

An Act to apply the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

[18th March 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

There shall be 1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply applied for the granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March Year ending16 Dne thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four the sist Day of thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United March 1864 the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury 584650/ out the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the of the Con- United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby solidated Fund, authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

The Treasury may cause 584, 650/. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 584, 650/. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceedingin the whole the Sum of Five hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Founds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared

by

27° VICTORIA, c. 5, 6. 83

by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of delivered to the the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security rityfo^iuch1 for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor Advances, and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and Monies raised

apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills u^°the to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted services voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session by the Com-of Parliament raons-

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills Exchequer to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due ^arg^le thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing upon the grow-Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ing Produce of at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of

Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge knd pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. VI.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

[18th March 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund Of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form,

and

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1864 the Sum of 4, 500,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 4, 500,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by

84

48 G. 3. c. I., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 4, 500,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W.&M, C. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for Such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

27° VICTORIA c. 6.

and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes^ Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Act shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

, 5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of. King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

27° VICTORIA, c. 7, 8.

85

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland.

[28th April 1864.].

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the " Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, intituled An Act to repeal certain Acts, and to conso- 9 G. 4. c. 24.

s Kdate and amend the Laws relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended, so far as relates to the

Hours thereby prescribed for keeping open the Offices of Public Notaries in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, as requires that all Public Notaries practising in Ireland shall keep their Offices open from Six of the Clock in the Afternoon until Nine of the Clock in the Evening of any Day, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. i

2. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be necessary for any Notary Public in Ireland, or any Person for him, at his House or Office, to be in attendance after the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, in order to receive Payment of any Bill or Note; but every such Bill or Note whereof Payment shall not be made or duly or legally tendered at or before such Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon shall be considered to be and shall be dishonoured, to all Intents and Purposes; and thereupon such Notary Public shall and may note or protest the same for Nonpayment, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Notaries in Ireland not required to keep their Offices Open from 6 to 9 o'Clock in the Evening. Notaries in Ireland not required to attend after 6 o'Clock in the Afternoon to receive Payment of any Bill or Note.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Conveyancers, Special Pleaders, and Draughtsmen in Equity practising in Ireland.

[28th April 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to Conveyancers, Special Pleaders, and Draughtsmen in Equity practising in Ireland, in the Manner herein-

after mentioned:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall commence and take effect on and from the Fifth Day of February One Commence-thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. ment of Act

2. From and after the .Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Com- Commissioners missioners of Inland Revenue or any of their Officers to grant or issue to any Person any such stamped Certificate as is required to be taken out by every Person in Ireland who, in Certifi-the Character of a Conveyancer, Special Pleader, Draughtsman in Equity, or otherwise, cates to Persona shall, for or in expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, draw or prepare any Conveyance t

of, or Deed or Instrument relating to, any Estate or Property, Real or Personal, or any on Uiei/depo-other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Proceedings in any Court of Law or wting an Order Equity, unless and until such Person shall have left with the said Commissioners or -their ^KlMWnna proper Officers an Order of the Benchers of the Honourable Society of King*s Inns at authoriai^the Dublin granting him Permission to take out such stamped Certificate, or a Copy of such wane.

Order, certified under the Hand of their Treasurer, Sub-Treasurer, or Clerk; and the said Benchers ', before they shall issue any such Order, shall satisfy themselves of the Qualification and Fitness of the Person applying therefor, and they shall prepare Rules for the Pur-27 Vict. M pose

86 27° VICTORIAE, c. 8, 9.

pose of defining what Qualification shall be required for such Order: Provided always, that such Order or Copy of such Order, certified as aforesaid, once granted by the said Benchers to any such Conveyancer, Special Pleader, or Draughtsman in Equity, shall be held to be good and valid for the Purposes of this Act until the same shall have been revoked for Misconduct by the said Benchers, which they are hereby authorized to do; and in case any such Order shall have been so revoked by the said Benchers, they shall transmit to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, certified as aforesaid, a Notice that such Person is no longer entitled to such Order, and that the same has been revoked accordingly: Provided also, that every Conveyancer, Special Pleader, and Draughtsman in Equity who on the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four was legally qualified and acting as such shall be deemed a qualified and fit Person, and as such entitled to an Order of the said Benchers to take out his stamped Certificate, unless the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Benchers.

Penalty on 3. Every Person who shall, for or in expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, in any-MCAttornCtin^ w*se ac^ or Prac^se M ft Conveyancer, Special Pleader, or Draughtsman in Equity in &c., nnlesaqua- Ireland, without being duly qualified to act and practise as herein provided, other than and lified as herein except Barristers-at-Law, and also Solicitors, Attornies, Proctors, or Notaries, and other provided. than and except Officers in the Public Service of the State drawing or preparing official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to any Person who shall sue or prosecute for the same, either by Action in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Dublin or before the Chairman in the Civil Bill Court at Quarter Sessions, or before any Court of Petty Sessions in Ireland, under the Provisions of the Acts relating to Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland, or any of them: Provided always that no Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument merely transferring any Shares or Stock in any Public Company, and in which there shall be no Trust or Limitation of the said Shares or Stock, shall be deemed a Conveyance, Deed, or Instrument within the Meaning of this Act.

CAP. IX.

An Act to allow the making of Malt Duty-free to be used in feeding Animals.

[28th April 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Malt to be made Duty-free to be used in the feeding of Animals Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Malt may be made and used free of Duty in the feeding of Animals, if mixed with Linseed, Ac.

1. It shall be lawful for any Person who shall give such Security as herein-after required in that Behalf, and upon taking out a proper Licence as a Maltster, to make Malt under the Provisions of this Act in a Malthouse approved by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the sole Purpose of being consumed in the feeding of Animals, and all Malt which shall be so made and which shall be mixed with Linseed Cake or Linseed Meal as herein-after directed in such Malthouse, or with such other Substance as may hereafter be approved by the said Commissioners, shall be free from the Duties of Excise chargeable on Malt; and it shall also be lawful for any Maltster (not being a Distiller) who shall be entitled to make Malt for the Purpose of being consumed in the distilling of Spirits under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-four, to mix Malt with the Materials aforesaid for the sole Purpose of being consumed in the feeding of Animals, upon his complying with the Provisions and Regulations of this Act.

Persons 2. Every Person who shall intend to make Malt Duty free under the Provisions of this

freeMsl^under enter into a Bond to Her Majesty, with Two or more sufficient Sureties to

un er the

27° VICTORIA, c. 9.

the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and in such Sum as the said Commissioners shall think proper, conditioned to the Purport or Effect following; (that is to say,) that such Maltster shall duly make into Malt all Corn and Grain which shall be received into any such Malthouse as aforesaid, and shall not take, send out, remove, or deliver from any such Malthouse as aforesaid any Malt, except Malt duly mixed with some Material prescribed by this Act in that Behalf, and removed in conformity with the Provisions of this Act, and shall not convey away, hide, or conceal any Malt or Corn or Grain contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act in force in relation to Maltsters or the making of Malt; and the Condition of such Bond shall also contain all such further Terms and Stipulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall deem to be necessary or proper for enforcing Compliance on the Part of such Maltster with the Terms and Provisions of this Act, and the Regulations tyhich the said Commissioners may make in pursuance thereof, or for preventing Frauds in relation to the Malt to be made by such Maltster; and such Maltster shall give a fresh Bond, with such Sureties as aforesaid, when and as often as he shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, and in default thereof he shall not be entitled to make Malt Duty-free under the Provisions of this Act.

3. Every Person who shall make Malt under the Provisions of this Act shall paint or place and fix in Letters distinctly legible, Three Inches at the least in Height, and of a proper and proportionate Breadth, conspicuously upon the principal Gate, Door, or Entrance of his Malthouse, his Christian and Surname, together with the Words " Entered to make Malt to be used in feeding Animals," and shall preserve and keep the same so painted or placed and fixed, and shall repaint and renew the same as oft^n as Occasion shall require.

4. All Malt made under the Provisions of this Act shall be deposited in a Storeroom provided by the Maltster and entered with the Excise for that Purpose, and shall be conveyed to and from the Room in which the same is intended to be ground as herein-after mentioned upon such Notice to the Officer of Excise and under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct and appoint in that Behalf.

5. The Maltster shall provide at his own Expense a safe and secure Room or Rooms in his Malthouse, to be approved in Writing by the proper Collector and Supervisor of the District, for the Purpose of grinding and mixing the Malt made by him in such Malthouse; and all such Rooms so to be provided as aforesaid shall be properly secured to the Satisfaction of the said Collector and Supervisor, and shall be at all Times kept locked by the proper Officer of Excise, and neither the Maltster nor his Servants or Workmen shall be admitted therein, except upon such a Notice in Writing to be given by the Maltster to the Officer as the said Commissioners shall direct.

6. All Malt made under the Provisions of this Act shall, before the Removal thereof from the Malthouse in which the same shall have been made, be ground and thoroughly mixed with One Tenth Part at the least of its Weight of ground Linseed Cake or Linseed Meal or other Substance as aforesaid; and all such Malt, and the said Material to be mixed therewith, shall be ground to such a Degree of Fineness and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve, and shall be mixed together in a Quantity not less than Forty Bushels at a Time in the Presence of an Officer of Excise by such Means and in such Manner as shall be directed or approved by the said Commissioners; and for any Refusal or Neglect on the Part of the Maltster to comply with the Requirements of this Clause, or any of them, the Malt and also the Material mixed or intended to be mixed therewith shall be forfeited.

7. The Maltster shall keep an Account, in such Form as the Commissioners shall supply to him for that Purpose, of the Quantity, by Weight or Measure as the Commissioners shall require, of all Malt mixed as aforesaid which he shall from Time to Time send out or deliver from his Malthouse, with the respective Dates of such sending out or Delivery, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to or for whom such mixed Malt shall be so sent or delivered, together with such other Particulars respecting the same as the said Commissioners shall require in that Behalf.

M2 8. All

87

this Act to give Security against Frauds.

Maltsters under this Act to designate their Maltnooses.

Malt to be conveyed from Store to Grinding Boom under such Regulations as Commissioners shall appoint Maltster to provide a secure Room for grinding and mixing Malt.

Malt to be mixed with Linseed Cake or Meal, &c.

Maltster to keep an Account of all mixed Malt sent out, and of the Name of the Person to whom sent.

Penalty for separating Malt from Linseed Cake or Meal mixed therewith.

Persons found unlawfully removing Malt from a Malt-house entered under this Act to be dealt with in manner directed by Sect. 32 of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 94.

Provisions of former Acts relating to Maltsters and the making of Malt to be applied to the Purposes of this Act

Justices making Malt under this Act not to be disqualified from granting Alehouse Licences.

Continuance of Act

Certain Provisions of the Union Belief Aid Acta continued.

27° VICTORIA, c. 9, 10.

8. All Malt which shall be found mixed with Linseed Cake or Linseed Meal or other Substance as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been mixed under the Provisions of this Act, and if any Person shall separate or attempt to separate any Malt from any Material with which the same shall have been mixed as aforesaid, or shall use any Malt which shall have been so mixed as aforesaid in or for the brewing of Beer or distilling of Spirits, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Malt and Material shall be forfeited.

9. If any Person shall be found taking or removing Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt, from any Malthouse or Premises on the principal or outer Gate whereof the Words " Entered to make Malt to be used in feeding Animals9' shall be painted, placed, or fixed, and not being Malt mixed with such Material as aforesaid, and removing under and according to the Provisions of this Act, he shall be dealt with in like Manner and be liable to the Tike Penalty and Punishment as are prescribed in the Thirty-second Section of the said Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty in the Case of a Person offending as therein mentioned.

10. All the Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in force in relation to Maltsters or the making of Malt, and also the Provisions contained in the Sections herein-after enumerated of the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-four, that is to say, Sections Six, Eleven, Thirteen, Fourteen, Fifteen, Sixteen, Eighteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-four, Twenty-five, Twenty-six, Twenty-seven, and Thirty-one, so far as they relate to Maltsters not being Distillers, and so far as the same shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, shall be applied and put in execution with respect to Maltsters and the making of Malt under this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandi#, with reference to Maltsters and the making of Malt under this Act.

11. No Justice of the Peace shall be disqualified from acting in or about the granting or transferring of Licences to Persons to keep Inns, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, or Public Houses, or in any Discussion or Adjudication relating to the same, by reason of his making and mixing Malt under the Provisions of this Act, or of his dealing in, selling, or retailing any Malt so made and mixed as aforesaid; anything in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

12. This Act shall continue and be in force for Five Years from the passing thereof, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and shall then expire, except as to any Act done or Offence committed, or any Penalty or Forfeiture previously incurred.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue for a further Period certain Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts.

[28th April 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Provisions of the Union Relief Aid Acts, 1862 and 1863, should be further extended for a limited Period:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That all the Provisions of the said Acts (except such as authorize the Contributions of Unions and Parishes in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby in aid of any other Union therein) shall be extended and apply to the Expenditure for the Quarter of the Year ending at Lady Daym this Year.

2. The

27° VICTORIA, c. 10, 11. 89

2. The Power of the Poor Law Board to issue any Order under this Act shall determine Power to issue

on the First Day of July next. Orders limited

3. The Acts referred to and this Act may be cited and described for all Purposes as short Titles. ''The Union Belief Aid Acts, 1862, 1863, 1864."

CAP. XI.

An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

[28th April 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L There shall and may be issued and applied, for or, towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Timej by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Tear 1864 the Sum of 15,000,000^ oat of the Consolidated Fond.

The Treasury may cause 15,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 8. c. 1, 4 & 5 W. 4. C. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, The Clauses, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Act shall be applied and extended to the ^ctoexiSi^ Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all to this^ct. Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest on Ex-Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in ch*qwsr Bills, respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Bank of England they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized ]^nce7

to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the 15,000,000l. on Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, the Credit of out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Withstanding

Sum

c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

British Spirits in Duty-free Warehouse may be removed to a separate Room to be bottled for Exportation or for Ships Stores.

27° VICTORIA, c.ll, 12.

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful fur the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the warehousing of British Spirits.

[28th April 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tins present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any plain British Spirits deposited in an Excise Warehouse without Payment of Duty may be removed by the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits, on giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice to the Officer of Excise, to a special and secure Building, Room, or Place to be provided by the Distiller or the Proprietor of such Warehouse, and to be approved by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; and such Spirits may be there bottled and packed for Exportation or for Use as Ships Stores in the Manner herein-after directed, and under such Regulations and during such Hours as the said Commissioners shall appoint in that Behalf: Provided always, that such Building, Room, or Place shall be adjacent to but shall have no internal Communication with the said Warehouse, and shall not be situate in the same Court or Yard, or have any Communication with the Premises of a Rectifier, Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits; and provided also, that the Distiller or Proprietor of the said Warehouse shall give Security by Bond for such Building, Room, or Place.

27° VICTORIA, c. 12. 91

2. Such Spirits, after Removal as aforesaid, shall be drawn off into Imperial or reputed Quart or Pint Bottles, and shall be packed in Cases, each Case to contain any Number of Dozens of Bottles, but not less than One Dozen Quarts or Two Dozen Pints; and all such Cases shall be fastened and secured, and shall be legibly painted or branded with such Particulars and Marks as the said Commissioners shall direct; and if any Deficiency shall be found at any Time in the Quantity of Spirits belonging to such Distiller or Proprietor exceeding Two per Centum upon the Quantity which he shall have removed into the said Building, Room, or Place, since the last Account was taken, he shall be charged with the Duty upon so much of such Deficiency as shall exceed the said Rate of Two per Centum on the Quantity last aforesaid.

3. Spirits, when bottled and packed in the Manner directed by this Act, may be removed without Payment of Duty, to a Ship, or to a Customs Warehouse, for Exportation or Use as Ships Stores, under the like Security and subject to the like Conditions as in the Case of Spirits in Casks delivered out of Warehouse for the like Purpose.

4. Any plain British Spirits of a Strength not less than Forty-three per Centum above Proof deposited in the Name of a Distiller in an Excise Warehouse without Payment of Duty may be removed by such Distiller without Payment of Duty to a General Warehouse to be provided and secured, and under the like Bond, as any other General Warehouse for the Deposit of British Spirits without Payment of Duty under the Laws of Excise, and to be specially appointed or approved by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Purpose of receiving Spirits to be mixed with Water; and such Spirits when deposited in such last-mentioned Warehouse may, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall make in that Behalf, be mixed with Water in a Yat or Yats to be provided by the Distiller, and constructed to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and may be reduced therein to any Strength at which Spirits are allowed by the One hundredth Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, to be sent out of or removed from a Distillery or the Stock of a Distiller: Provided always, that the Water to be used in reducing the Strength of such Spirits shall be supplied only through a Service Pipe which shall pass through a Meter placed in the said last-mentioned Warehouse, such Pipe and Meter to be constructed, laid down, and fixed to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized to require when they shall think it necessary any Change or Alteration to be made therein, or in the laying down or fixing of the same respectively.

How Spirits shall be bottled and packed.

Bottled Spirits may be removed to a Ship or to Customs Warehouse as Spirits in Casks.

Distiller may reduce Spirits with Water in a Warehouse specially approved for that Purpose to any Strength at which he might lawfully send the same out of his Stock.

5. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue may require a separate Room, secured to their Separate Boom Satisfaction, to be provided by a Distiller or Proprietor of an Excise Warehouse for the to be provided racking of Spirits upon which the Duty has been paid; and the Officer of Excise shall keep an Account, at Hydrometer Proof, of all Spirits belonging to such Distiller or Proprietor SpiritB. of Spirits which shall be received into such Room and lawfully sent out therefrom; and if upon taking an Account of the Stock of such Spirits at any Time, a greater Quantity of Spirits shall be found in such Room than, according to the said Account, ought to remain therein, the Excess shall be charged with Duty, and if such Excess shall amount to more than One per Centum on the Quantity of Spirits which shall have been brought in since the last preceding Account taken of the Stock of Spirits of such Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits in such Room as aforesaid, such Excess shall be forfeited, and the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess.

8. In lieu of the Allowance of One Half per Centum allowed by Section One hundred Allowance and nineteen of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her '

Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, in the Case of any Deficiency which fl^m^evat^ shall occur during the Operation of vat ting, blending, or racking of Spirits in Warehouse, ting of Spirits an Allowance not exceeding One per Centum shall be made in the Case of any such Deficiency, and the same Allowance shall be made in the Case of any Deficiency which shall one per Cent occur during the mixing with Water and racking of any Spirits reduced under the Provisions of this Act.

7. On

Duty to be paid on Quantity of Spirits actually delivered from Warehouse, where no fraudulent or improper Deficiency.

When any Deficiency beyond natural Waste is found in Spirits in Warehouse, the Duty on the Quantity origi nally warehoused to be paid immediately.

Spirits fraudulently concealed, ab-. stracted, or removed from Warehouse to be forfeited, and Distiller or Proprietor of Warehouse to forfeit 200/,

Distiller Or Proprietor of Spirits or ' Warehouse opening or gaining Access to Warehouse, except in Presence of an Officer, to forfeit 500L

British Spirits maybe removed from Excise to Customs Warehouse, and may be delivered from Customs Warehouse for Home Consumption.

27° VICTORIA, c. 12.

7. On the Delivery of any Cask or Package of Spirits from the Excise Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited without Payment of Duty, the proper Duties shall be charged and paid upon the Quantity of Spirits actually found in such Cask or Package at the Time of the Delivery thereof by Weight, Measure, or Gauge, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct; provided that if the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Cask or Package shall be found by Weight, Measure, or Gauge to be less than the Quantity contained therein when the same was deposited in the said Warehouse, and if the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied that such Deficiency has not been caused in the whole or in part by any fraudulent Abstraction, then the Duty shall be charged and paid upon the whole Quantity of Spirits contained in such Cask or Package at the Time when the same was deposited in the Warehouse according to the Account then taken thereof, or upon such Portion thereof as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

8. If any Officer of Excise shall at any Time find a greater Deficiency (whether calculated by Weight, Measure, or Gauge) in the Quantity of Spirits which should be contained in any Cask or Package deposited in any Excise Warehouse without Payment of Duty than can be accounted for by natural Waste or other legitimate Cause, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may require immediate Payment of the Duty on the Quantity of Spirits originally warehoused in such Cask or Package; and if such Duty be not paid by the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits in whose Name the said Cask or Package shall be warehoused, on Demand made in Writing by any Officer of Excise, the said Distiller or Proprietor shall forfeit double the Value of the said Duties; and no Spirits which may be deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid in the Name of such Distiller or Proprietor shall be transferred to any other Person or delivered out of such Warehouse until such Distiller or Proprietor shall have paid the Amount of such Duties or Forfeiture as aforesaid.

9« If any Spirits shall be fraudulently concealed in or removed from the Excise Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited without Payment of Duty, or if any Spirits shall he abstracted from any Cask or Package which shall be deposited in any such Warehouse, all such Spirits, and all Spirits with which the same may be put or mixed, and all Spirits remaining in such Cask or Package, together with the said Cask or Package, shall be forfeited, and the Distiller, or the Proprietor or Tenant of the Warehouse, (if such Concealment or Abstraction shall have taken place in, or such Removal have been made from, any General Warehouse,) shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

10. If any Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits, or any Proprietor or Tenant of any Excise Warehouse used for the Deposit of Spirits without Payment of Duty, or if any Person or Persons in the Employ of any Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits or Proprietor or Tenant of such Warehouse, shall open or gain access to any Excise Warehouse used for the Deposit of Spirits without Payment of Duty, except in the Presence of an Officer of Excise acting in the Execution of his Duty as such Officer, or shall abstract any Spirits from any Cask or Package therein, the Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits, or Proprietor or Tenant of the Warehouse as aforesaid, who, by himself or by any Person in his Employ, shall commit any such Offence as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

U. Any plain British Spirits to which no sweetening or other Matter which shall alter the Strength thereof has been added may, upon Security by Bond being given, and under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively may from Time to Time make in that Behalf, be removed from any Excise Warehouse to, and be deposited without Payment of any Duty in, any Customs Warehouse which shall he situate m Premises separate and distinct from any other Premises in which Duty-paid Spirits or Wine are kept; and any such Spirits so deposited may upon the like Security, and under such Regulations as aforesaid, be removed to any other Customs Warehouse situate as aforesaid, or to any General Excise Warehouse; and such Spirits may be delivered for Home Consumption from any Customs Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited upon Payment of the proper Excise Duties thereon, to be ascertained according to the Laws and Regulations now in force with respect to Spirits in an Excise Warehouse; and the said Duties shall be collected by the Officers of Customs under the Direction of the said

Commissioners

27° VICTORIA, c. 12, 13. 93

Commissioners of Customs, who shall cause a separate Account to be kept, and to be furnished to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue, of all such Duties collected and received; and the Amount thereof shall from Time to Time be paid over to the Account of the Receiver General of Inland Revenue at the Bank of England, and shall be dealt with and applied in the same Manner as other Monies arising from Duties of Excise.

12. The Allowance of Twopence per Gallon granted by Section Four of the Act passed in Allowance of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred qJj^06 and twenty-nine, to any Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits in respect of British Spirits spirits " deposited in a Customs Warehouse, shall not be paid until a Certificate from the proper deposited in Officer of Customs shall be produced to the Officer of Excise appointed to pay the said Allowance that such Spirits have been actually exported or used in the said Warehouse for p^dnntil fortifying Wines, or for any other Purpose to which Foreign or Colonial Spirits may be Spirits actually applied under the Laws or Regulations of the Customs. exported.

13. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Pains, and Penalties contained in Powers and or imposed by any Act or Acts relating to the Customs as to the Warehousing, Custody,

and Delivery out of Warehouse, whether for Exportation, for Use as Ships Stores, or for ^>pu^ to Home Consumption, of Goods liable to a Duty of Customs, and as to any Deficiencies British Spirits therein or Allowances thereon, so far as the same respectively are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and so far as the same shall not be superseded houses under by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, shall be observed, this Act. applied, enforced, and put in execution with reference to any British Spirits deposited in any Warehouse of Customs under the Provisions of this Act, and to the Proprietors or Owners of such Spirits.

14. Any Bond or-Security required to be given by or under the Authority of this Act B^nds tobc shall be entered into to Her Majesty, with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, and Siven i"1?orm in such Amount and with such Conditions as the Commissioners of Customs or Inland commissioners. Revenue respectively shall direct and approve.

15. The Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied. Penalties to be mitigated, and applied by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and in like Manner, as Penalties and Forfeitures may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied under penalties?86 the Law* of Excise in that Behalf.

16. Sections 129, 132, 133, 134, and 147 of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Sections 129, Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, shall be

ancUtbe same are hereby repealed, except as to anything done or which ought to be done, 23 & 24 or as to any Offence committed, or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, before the Com- Vict o. 114. mencement of this Act repealed.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to further extend the Time for making Enrolments under the Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Conveyance of Lands for Charitable Uses, and otherwise to amend the said Law.

[13th May 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her present 24 & 25 Vict.

* Majesty, Chapter Nine, Time was given for enrolling certain Deeds, Assurances, c* 9 *

and Instruments therein referred to until the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next

after the passing of the said Act; and by another Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of 25 & 26. Vict. Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventeen, the Time for enrolling such Deeds, Assurances, c*l7 *

and Instruments was extended to the Sixteenth Day of Mag One thousand eight hundred

and sixty-four ? and by the Fourth Section of the said Second Act it was enacted that the

27 Vict. N ' said

Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Assurances extended to 17th May 1866.

Act to apply to separate Deeds or Instruments referred to.

Provision where original Deed is lost

Valuable Consideration payable as Kent to be equivalent to a Consideration in Money actually paid within the Statute 9 G. 2. c. 36.

24 & 25 Vict c. 133.

27° VICTORIA, c. 13, 14.

said First Act and the said Second Act should be taken to apply as well to Cases where certain separate Deeds or Instruments therein mentioned should be or should have been

executed after, as to Cases where they might have been executed before the passing of the said First Act: Provided only, that if not then already executed such Deed or Instrument should be executed within Six Months next after the passing of the said Second Act: And whereas it is expedient further to extend the Time for making such Enrolment, and otherwise to amend the Provisions of the said First and Second Acts and the Acts therein ' recited or referred to:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Enrolment of every Deed, Assurance, and Instrument which shall be enrolled before the Seventeenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or either of them, have the same Force and Effect which it would have had if such Enrolment had taken place within the said Time by the said Acts respectively limited.

2. This Act shall be taken to apply as well to Cases where such separate Deed or Instrument as is mentioned in the Fourth Section of the said Second Act shall be or shall have been executed after, as to Cases where it may have been executed before the passing of the said First Act; provided only, that if not already executed, it be executed within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act.

3. And whereas it may be impossible in some Cases to enrol the original Deed creating c a Charitable Trust by reason of the same having been lost or destroyed by Time or Accident, ' but nevertheless the Trusts of such Charity may sufficiently appear by some subsequent (Deed appointing new Trustees, or otherwise reciting the Trusts created by the original

Deed:' Be it enacted, That in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Trustee or other Person interested in such Charitable Trust to apply by Summons in a summary Way to the Court of Chancery for an Order authorizing the Enrolment of such subsequent Deed; and if the Court shall be satisfied, by Affidavit or otherwise, that such original Deed has been lost or destroyed by Time or Accident, but that the Trusts thereof sufficiently appear by such subsequent Deed, then it shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order authorizing the Enrolment of such subsequent Deed; and the Enrolment thereof shall have the same Force and Effect as the Enrolment of the original Deed would have had if the same had not been lost or destroyed as aforesaid.

4. Every full and bona fide valuable Consideration within the Meaning of the £irst Section of the said First Act which shall consist either wholly or partly of a Bent or other annual Payment reserved or made payable to the Vendor or Grantor, or to any other Person, shall for the Purposes of the Statute passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Thirty-six, be as valid and have the same Force and Effect as if such Consideration had been a Sum of Money actually paid at or before the making of such Conveyance without Fraud or Collusion.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." [13th May 1864.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," duly made the Provisional Orders contained in the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Parts of the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it (is by the said Act provided that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders

should be so confirmed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

by

95

27° VICTORIA, c. 14.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Each of the Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby Provisional confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been finned. e C°n* enacted in the Body of this Act.

2. The Chancellor for the Time being of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster shall nomi- Chancellor of nate, by Writing under his Hand, an Agent to act on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Dochy of Successors, as Owner or Owners of Lands in the Parish of Methwold, who shall have the same nonfi!Ste Powers as if such Agent were appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, and also Agent on from Time to Time to revoke the Appointment of any such Agent, and appoint another in his b*half of Her Place, if the Chancellor for the Time being of the said Duchy shall so think fit, but such ^e8ty* Appointment shall be and remain valid notwithstanding a Change in the Office of Chancellor

of the Duchy, unless such Appointment shall be revoked by any succeeding Chancellor; and every Agent so appointed by the Chancellor of the said Duchy shall, until such Appointment shall be revoked as aforesaid, be a Member of the Board, and have the same Powers and Privileges as if he had been elected in manner provided in " The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

[Short Title.]

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Land Drainage Supplemental Act, 1864."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

PART 1.

In the Matter of the River Wissey, situate in the several Parishes of Oxbubgh, Foulden, Northwold, Methwold, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Webeham, West Dereham, Roxham, and Hilgay, in the County of Norfolk.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the Power given to us by " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order, under our Seal, constitute the Lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the River Wissey separate Drainage District Map, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a separate Drainage District under the said Act:

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Seventeen Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board: — the Chancellor of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, or any Agent appointed in Writing under the Hand of the said Chancellor; Sir Henry G. Bedingfield of Oxborough Hall, Brandon, Norfolk, Baronet; James Bradfield Saunders Bradfield, Esquire, Stoke Ferry, Gentleman; Thomas Pooley Northwold Brandon, Land Agent; Edmund Oldfield Foulden Brandon, Gentleman; George Samuel Kett, Esquire, Brook House, Norwich, Gentleman; Ambrose Pryer, junior, Oxburgh Brandon, Farmer; the Reverend William Joseph Parkes Hilgay, Downham Market, Norfolk, Clerk; William Peacock Savage, Agent for Mrs. Louisa Jones, Roxham, Downham Market; Walter Flatt, Eastmoor near Stoke Ferry, Farmer; the Right Honourable Edward Cardwell, M.P., London, Chancellor of the Duchy Court of Lancaster; Charles Carter, Northwold, Norfolk, Gentleman; William Constable Methwold, Brandon, Farmer; Edward Roger Pratt, Ryston House, Downham Market, Gentleman; Thomas Howard of 127 Piccadilly, London, Captain in the Queen's Body Guard; and the Reverend Robert Phelps, D.D., Cambridge, Master of Sydney Sussex College:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in


i

27? VICTORIA c. 14.

the District, and posted on the Charch Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be Proprietor within the Meaning of the said Act of not less than Fifty Acres of Land within the taj&ble Area, or the Agent acting under the written Appointment of any Proprietor of not less than Fifty Acres of such Land:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness Whereof we have hereunto set our official Seal, this Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

PART 2.

In the Matter of Currymoor Improvement, situate in the several Parishes of Stoke St. Gregory, Lyng Durston, Creech St Michael, and North Curry in the County of Somerset.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the Power given to us by "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order, under our Seal, constitute the Lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Currymoor separate Drainage District Map, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a separate Drainage District under the said Act:

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Nine Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board: — W. Gore Langton, Esquire, M.P., Hatch Court near Taunton; William Barrett, Esquire, (Agent to Mrs. Gould,) Moredon Court near Taunton; Thomas Mullins, junior, Esquire, Goathurst near Bridgewater; James Turner, Esquire, Lyng Court near Taunton; George Crease, North Curry, Yeoman; John Hurman, Stoke St. Gregory, Yeoman; William Herman, Stoke St. Gregory, Yeoman; George Coate, North Curry, Yeoman; and Charles Barrington, junior, North Curry, Yeoman:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Fifteen Acres of Land within the Area of the said District; or, secondly, the Heir Apparent of the Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Fifteen Acres in Extent within the Area of the said District; or, thirdly, occupying Tenant, yearly or otherwise, of not less than Fifty Acres within the Area of the said District; or, fourthly, the Agent of a Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Fifteen Acres of Land within the Area of the said District, such Agent acting under a written Appointment:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That

97

27 VICTORI,

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness whereof we have hereunto setf our official Seal, this Eighteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three *

PART 3.

In th§ Matter of Stanmoor Improvement, situate in the Parish of Stoke Saint Gregory

in the County of Somerset.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the Power given to us by " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order, under our Seal, constitute the Lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Stanmoor separate Drainage District Map, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a separate Drainage District under the said Act:

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consisi of Eight Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the first Drainage BoardW. Gere Langton, Esquire, M.P., Hatch Court near Taunton; William Howse, Stathe Court, Stoke Saint Gregory, Yeoman; William Barrett, Esquire, (Agent to Mrs. Gould,) Moredon House. - near Taunton; Thomas Hembrow, junior, Slough Farm, Stoke Saint Gregory, Yeoman; William Morris, Bishops Lydeard near Taunton, Yeoman; Thomas Howse, Stathe, Stoke St Gregory, Yeoman; John House, junior, Charley Farm, Stoke St. Gregory, Yeoman; and Cuthbert Rodham Morriss, North Curry, Auctioneer: '

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board Shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Eight Acres of Land within the Area of the said District; or Secondly, the Heir Apparent of the Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Eight Acres in Extent within the Area of the said District; or, thirdly, occupying Tenant, yearly or otherwise, of not less t than Twenty-five Acres within the Area of the said District; or, fourthly, the Agent of a Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Eight Acres of Land within the Area of the said District, such Agent acting under a written Appointment:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our official Seal, this Eighteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

98

27° VICTORIA, c. 14, 15.

PART 4.

In the Matter of Dysynny Valley Drainage, situate in the several Parishes of Towyn, Llanegryn, Tallylyn, and Llanfihangel-y-Pennant in the County of Merioneth.

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the Power given to us by " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do by this Provisional Order under our Seal constitute the Lands which are delineated on a Map authenticated under our Hands and Seal as the Map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Dysynny Valley separate Drainage District Map, and a Copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a separate Drainage District under the said Act.

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Ten Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board: — The Right Honorable Earl Vane of Plas Machynlleth; John Soden of Bath, Esquire; William Watkin Edward Wynne of Peniarth, Esquire, M.P .; John Foulkesof Aberdovey, Esquire; George Jonathan Scott of Peniarth Uchaf, Esquire; Evan Rowlands of Peniarth, Gentleman; Jacob Henry Cotterill of Bath, Esquire; Thomas Edwards of Towyn, Gentleman; Lewis Williams of Dolgelly, Esquire; and John Silvester of Plas Edward, near Towyn, Esquire.

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in some Newspaper generally circulated in the District, and posted on the Church Doors of the above-mentioned Parishes at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor of not less than Twenty Acres of Land within the Area of the said District; or, secondly, the Heir Apparent of the Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Twenty Acres in Extent within the Area of the said District; or, thirdly, occupying Tenant, yearly or otherwise, of not less than Forty Acres within the Area of the said District; or, fourthly, the Agent of a Proprietor of an Estate of not less than Twenty Acres of Land within the Area of the said District, such Agent acting under a written Appointment:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons who have, during the Year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the Time of such Election.

In witness whereof we have hereunto set our official Seal, this Third Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty^three.

I

L.S.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making better and further Provision for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the High Court of Chancery.

[13th May 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present c. 149. Majesty, Chapter One hundred and forty-nine, after reciting that in consequence of the Amount of Business transacted in the Chambers of the Master of the Rolls it had

been

99

27° VICTORIA c. 15.

been found expedient for Three Years last past to obtain the Assistance of Mr. John Arthur ' Buckley, late Chief Clerk in the Office of one of the Masters in Ordinary, and that, having regard to the Business transferred to the Office of the Master of the Bolls by reason of the final Discharge of the Masters, it was expedient that such Assistance should be continued, it was enacted (among other things) that Mr. John Arthur Buckley should becon-

tinued as an Additional Clerk in the Office of the Master of the Rolls, with the Salary he

then received, during such Time as the Lord Chancellor should think fit, and that it should ' be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to transfer the said Mr. Buckley as an Additional Clerk ' to the Office of any One of the Vice-Chancellors during such Time as the Lord Chancellor f should think fit: And whereas the said John Arthur Buckley has lately been duly ' appointed and is now a Chief Clerk to the Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Torin Kinder sley, i Knight, in the Room of Mr. Charles Pugh> deceased, and has vacated his said Office of Additional Clerk And whereas Mr. John Hockley has for the last Three Years, by an Order of the Lord Chancellor, assisted the said Mr. Buckley as Junior Clerk: And whereas the Amount of Business transacted in the Chambers of the Master of the Rolls ' has not decreased, and it has been found expedient to obtain the Assistance of Mr. John 1 William Hawkins, who has been in practice as a Solicitor and Attorney for Ten Years and upwards now last past, in transacting the said Business, and it is necessary that the Staff ' of Clerks attached to the Chambers of the Master of the Rolls should be increased Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act, the said John William Hawkins shall become and he is hereby appointed Additional Chief Clerk to the Master of the Rolls and his Successors in Office; and the said John Hockley shall become and he is hereby appointed a Junior Clerk to such Additional Chief Clerk; and it shall be lawful for the Master of the Rolls to appoint One other Junior Clerk and One Assistant Clerk to such Additional Chief Clerk.

2. The Lord Chancellor, with the Advice and Concurrence of the Judge to whom such Additional Chief Clerk and other Clerks may for the Time being be attached, may transfer from Time to Time such Additional Chief Clerk and other Clerks to any other Judge of the said Court during such Time as he shall think fit.

3. On any Vacancy in such Office of Junior Clerk or Assistant Clerk during the Continuance in Office of the said John William Hawkins under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Master of the Rolls or Vice-Chancellor to whom such Additional Chief Clerk and other Clerks at the Time of such Vacancy happening shall be attached, to supply such Vacancy: Provided always, that in case a new Judge shall be appointed in the Court of Chancery the said John William Hawkins, or other Person appointed an Additional Chief Clerk under this Act, and the Junior and Assistant Clerks of such Chief Clerk, shall be transferred to and become the Clerks of such Judge.

4. Such of the Provisions contained in the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty, as amended by the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-four, and by the said recited Act, as relate to the Qualification for and Removal from Office, striking off the Roll, Tenure of Office, Attendances, Duties, Powers, Prohibitions, Prosecutions, Penalties, and Punishments, Salaries and Annuities, of and respecting the Chief Clerks and Junior Clerks by the first Two of such Acts authorized to be appointed, are hereby extended and applied to and in the Case of the Chief Clerk and J unior Clerks appointed and to be appointed under this Act, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions herein otherwise contained.

5. Every Assistant Clerk appointed or who shall be appointed under this Act shall hold his Office at the Pleasure of the Judge to whose Court he shall be attached, and shall be under the Control of such Judge, and attend at such Places, during such Times, and for such Hours in each Day, and perform such Duties as such Judge shall from. Time to Time direct, and shall receive by way of Salary for the Performance of his Duties such annual Sum as the Lord Chancellor and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall

from

Appointment of Additional Chief Clerk and Junior and Assistant Clerks to the Master of the Rolls.

Clerks so appointed may be transferred to any other Judge.

Vacancies may be supplied.

Duties, &c. of the Chief and Junior Clerks.

Duties, &c. of Assistant Clerk.

27° VICTORIA, c. 15, 16, 17.

from Time to Time fix and determine, and such Salary shall grow due and be paid in the Manner and out of the Fund mentioned in Section Forty-eight of the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-seven.

---

CAP. XVI.

An Act to confirm the Appointment of Henry Pendock St. George Tucker Esquire as One of the Judges of Her Majesty's High Court at Bombay, and to establish the Validity of certain Proceedings therein.

[13th May 1864.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Henry Pendock St. George Tucker Esquire, of the Bombay Civil Service, was on the Twenty-seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three appointed by Her Majesty to be One of Her Majesty's Judges of the High Court of Judicature at Bombay:

[24 & 25 Vict. C. 104.]

And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Henry Pendock St. George Tucker Esquire was properly qualified for the Appointment of Judge of a High Court in India, under the Provisions of an Act for establishing High Courts of Judicature in India, passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that his Appointment should be confirmed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Appointment confirmed.]

1. The Appointment of the said Henry Pendock St. George Tucker shall be and is hereby confirmed.

[All Acts, &c. done by H. P. St. G. Tucker valid.]

2. All Acts, Proceedings, and Judgements heretofore done, taken, or given by the said Henry Pendock St. George Tucker in the Capacity or assumed Capacity of Judge of the said High Court, and not set aside by any competent Authority before the Publication of this Act in the Government Gazette at Bombay, shall be deemed to be and to have been as valid and effectual for all Purposes whatever as if the said Henry Pendock St. George Tucker had at the Time of Such Acts, Proceedings, or Judgements respectively been legally and sufficiently authorized to officiate as such Judge.

[No Action to be brought in consequence of such Acts.]

3. No Action, Prosecution, or other Proceeding shall be brought or taken in any Court against the said Henry Pendock St. George Tucker by reason of the Illegality or Invalidity of any Act, Proceeding or Judgement herein-before declared to be valid and effectual.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Abolition of Vestry Cess in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[13th May 1864.]

---

No Vestry in Ireland to le?y Hate after Commencement of Act. Powers of Vestry with respect to deserted Children to cease.

WHEREAS it is expedient to abolish Vestry Cess in Ireland, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto:1 Be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Vestry called or holden in or for any Parish, Union, Chapelry, or Place in Ireland to make or levy any compulsory Rate or Assessment for any Purpose whatsoever.

2. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Vestry in Ireland to appoint Overseers of deserted Children; and all other Powers now exercised by Vestries with respect to the Charge, Maintenance, and Education of deserted Children shall wholly cease and determine.

3. From

m

The Acte for Relief of destitute Poor in Ireland to apply to destitute deserted Children.

Every Vestry Clerk, Cess Collector, Beadle, Engine Keeper, &c. deprived of any Salary or Emolument by this Act to be compensated.

. 27° VICTORIA, c. 17.

3. From and after the passing of this Act the several Acts in forces for the Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland shall be and are hereby declared to be applicable to ttll Gases of destitute deserted Children which are now relieved 6r relievable under the Acts relating to Parish Vestries* or under the Grand Jury Act, or any other Act for the Relief of deserted Children.

4. Every Vestry Clerk, Cess Collector, Beadle, Engine Keeper, and other Officer of any Parish in the City of Dublin who shall be deprived of any Salary, Fees, or Emoluments by the Operation of this Act, shall be entitled to have an adequate Compensation, by way of a Sum of Money in gross, or Annuity, at the Option of and to be assessed by the Town Council of Dublin, regard being had to the Manner of hi9 Appointment to the said Office, and Ms Term or Interest therein, Length of Service, and all other Circumstances of the Case; and every Person entitled to such Compensation shall, within Three Months from the passing of this Act, unless in the meantime an Agreement shall have been comp to between him and the said Town Council as to the Amount of such Compensation, deliver to the Town Clerk a Statement under his Hand setting forth how long he shall have held his said Office, and the Amount received by him and his Predecessor in Office every Year during the Period of Five Years then last past, or such lesser Period as he shall have held his said Office next before the passing of this Act, on account of Salary, Fees* and Emoluments, and containing a Declaration that same is a true Statement, and also setting forth the Sum claimed by him as such Compensation; and the said Town Clerk shall lay such Statement before the Council, who shall take the same into consideration and determine thereon; and if the Council shall not determine on such Claim within Six Months after the same shall have been delivered to the Town Clerk, such Claim shall be considered as admitted; and if the Council shall so require, the Person preferring such Claim, upon receiving Notice in Writing signed by the Town Clerk, shall attend at any Meeting of the said Council or any Committee thereof, and shall then and there answer all such Questions as shall be asked by any Member of the said Council or Committee touching the said Claim, i and shall produce all Vouchers, Books, and Papers in his Possession, Custody, or Powkr

relating thereto; and immediately upon a Determination being made by the said Council or Committee touching such Claim, the Person preferring such Claim shall be informed of the Particulars of such Determination by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Town Clerk; and in case the Person preferring such Claim shall think himself aggrieved by the Determination of the Council thereon, it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the Recorder at the Quarter Sessions for the City of Dublin next after the Receipt of such Notice from the Town Clerk, who shall thereupon make such Order as to him shall seem just, and such Order, signed by the Recorder, shall be binding upon all Parties; and the said Council shall from Time to Time pay to every such Person awarded Compensation as aforesaid the Money or Annuity so granted or determined as and for Compensation when and as the same shall respectively become due and payable; and in case such Compensation shall be by way of Annuity, the same shall be payable by half-yearly Payments; and such Compensation shall be provided for by a Rate on the Property in the City of Dublin liable to Municipal Taxation, and assessed as such other Municipal Charges are now assessed, such Rate in no One Year to exceed One Penny in the Pound of the Valuation of such Property; and such Rate shall be called the Special Rate, and shall be solely applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and the Collector General of Rates for the City of Dublin shall from Time to Time pay out of such Rate to every *ruch Person the Money or Annuity so agreed upon or awarded as Compensation, and shall include the said Rate in his annual Assessment, and take credit for the same in his Account.

5. In the Case of every Parish Officer in Ireland who shall be deprived of any Salary, Parish Officers Fees, or Emoluments by the Operation of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Town Council deprived of or Town Commissioners within the Limits of whose respective Jurisdictions such Parish fc^to be'com-nmy be situated to award such Parish Officers Compensation for such Loss of Salary, Fees, pensated.

or Emoluments in the Manner herein-before enacted with respect to the City of Dublin* and with like Appeal to the Chairman of Quarter Sessions of the County in which such Parish is situated.

27 Vict. 0 6. From

Acte and Parts of Acte in Schedule repealed.

Grant of Duties and Drawbacks as specified in Schedules annexed.

Provisions of former Acte to apply to this Act.

27° VICTORIA, c. 17, 18.

6. From and after the passing of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Acts in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be repealed, save so far as may be necessary for supporting or discharging any Proceedings or Liabilities had or incurred thereunder before the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

6 Geo. 1. (I.) c. 15. sections 8 and 9. 11 & 12 Geo. 2. (I.) c. 15.

13 & 14 Geo. 3. (I.) c. 24.

3 Geo. 4. c. 35. section 4.

7 Geo. 4. c. 72. sections 10 and 51.

6 & 7 Wm. 4. c. 116. section 109.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106. section 44.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

[13th May 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be charged, collected, and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Income Tax respectively specified and contained in the several Schedules marked respectively (A.), (R.), (C.), and (D.) to this Act annexed, and there shall be allowed the several Drawbacks specified and contained in the said Schedule (A.); and the said Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks shall respectively take effect at or from the respective Times, and shall continue to be charged, collected, paid, and allowed for and during the Periods respectively specified or mentioned in that Behalf in this Act or in the said Schedules, and where no Time is so specified for the Commencement thereof the same shall commence and take effect from and after the passing of this Act, and where no Period is so specified or limited for the Duration thereof the same shall continue to be charged, collected, paid, and allowed respectively until Parliament shall otherwise order; and the said several Schedules shall be deemed to be Part of this Act.

2. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Allowances, and Exemptions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties or Drawbacks of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties or Drawbacks granted and allowed by this Act respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, or, as regards the Income Tax, in force on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four (except as herein-after provided), shall respectively be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said last-mentioned Rates

and

103

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

and Duties, and the Allowance and Payment of the said Drawbacks respectively, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to continue or revive the Provisions contained in the Forty-second and Forty-fourth Sections of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two; and that for the Purposes of this Act the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, mentioned in the Forty-third Section of the said Act, shall be read as and deemed to mean the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

Customs.

3. For facilitating the due Assessment of the Duties on Sugar, with reference to Colour, Grain, or Saccharine Matter, considered collectively as they affect the general Quality of the Sugar to be assessed with Duty, the Commissioners of Customs shall provide and renew from Time to Time One or more Sample or Samples of each of the respective Qualities, according to which Sugar may be chargeable with Duty upon Importation into Great Britain or Ireland, such Samples to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and when so approved shall be deemed to be Standard Samples for the Purpose of assessing the Duty upon Sugar, according as it may be equal to any of such Samples on Comparison therewith by the proper Officer of Customs; and no Sugar shall be chargeable with the Duty payable in respect of any particular Quality or Description for which a Sample is provided as aforesaid unless the same shall be equal to such Sample.

4. Section Four of the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-seven, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Excise Licences.

5. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, whenever they shall consider it necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, to authorize any Officer of Excise to grant (upon Payment of the respective Duties in that Behalf mentioned in Schedule (B.) to this Act) an Occasional Licence in the several and respective Cases hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) to any Person who shall have taken out an Excise Licence under the Acts passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-seven, and the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the same Reign, Chapter One hundred and seven, respectively, to keep a Refreshment House, or to sell by Retail in a Refreshment House Foreign Wine to be consumed therein; or an Excise Licence under the Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, to retail Beer to be drunk or consumed in or upon the House or Premises where sold; or an Excise Licence under the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-one, to deal in or sell Tobacco or Snuff; and every such Occasional Licence shall authorize any such Person as aforesaid to exercise and carry on the same Trade and Business as he shall be authorized to carry on by virtue of the Licence granted under the said Acts respectively as aforesaid at any such Place (other than the Place for which his original Licence was granted), and for and during such Space or Period of Time, not exceeding Three consecutive Days at any One' Time, as the said Commissioners shall approve, and as shall be specified in such Occasional Licence; provided that the said Occasional Licence shall not protect any such Person in the carrying on of any such Trade or Business as aforesaid unless he shall produce such Licence whenever requested so to do by any Officer of Excise, or by any Constable or Police Officer, at the Time of exercising such Trade or Business; and provided also, that the Conditions and Restrictions contained in the Twentieth Section of the Act of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-three, relating to Occasional Licences, shall apply to the Occasional Licences to be granted under this Act (except in the Case of Occasional Licences to sell Tobacco or Snuff).

0 2 6. No

Commissioners of Customs to provide Standard Samples of Sugar for assessing Duty.

Sect 4. of 18 & 19 Vict c. 97. repealed.

Occasional Licences may be granted to Persons who have taken out Licences under 23 & 24 Vict. cc. 27. and 107. (Refreshment Houses and Wine Retailers); under 4 & 5 Vict. c. 85. (Beer Retailers); and under 6 G. 4. c. 81. (Tobacco Retailers).

Tea Licence at reduced Rate to be granted only on Overseer's Certificate of Rating.

Penalty on Overseer, &c. refusing to grant Certificate.

Half-yearly Licences may be granted to Hawkers.

Definition of M Stock in Trade.

Property insured subject to to the reduced Rate of Duty to be distinguished in the Policy and also in the Quarterly Accounts.

Property and Sums insured thereon, may be distinguished by Memorandum on existing Policies.

Ad valorem Duty chargeable on " Settlements " payable under

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

6. No Licence to trade in or sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, or Pepper at the reduced Duty imposed by this Act on such Licence shall be granted to any Person who shall not produce, at the Time of applying for such Licence, to the Officers of Excise authorized to grant the same, a Certificate in Writing, signed in England and Wales by an Overseer of the Poor, or in Scotland by an Inspector of the Poor, of the Parish, Township, or Place, or in Ireland by the Clerk of the Poor Law Union, in which Parish, Township, Place, or Union the House intended to be licensed is situated, certifying the Sum at which the said House is rated to the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Place, or Union; provided that where in Scotland the House intended to be licensed is not separately rated to the Poor on the Ground of being let at a Rent not amounting to Four Pounds per Annum, such Licence shall be granted upon a Certificate signed by such Inspector of the Poor, certifying that such House is not so rated on the Ground aforesaid; and any such Licence which shall be granted without the Certificate aforesaid, or upon a Certificate which shall be false in any Particular, shall be absolutely void; and no such Licence at the reduced Rate aforesaid shall authorize the Sale of any of the Articles mention j 1 therein at any other Place than the House for which such Licence shall be granted, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

7. If any Overseer of the Poor, Inspector of the Poor, or Clerk of a Poor Law Union shall refuse to grant, when demanded, a Certificate containing the Particulars required by the preceding Section, or shall grant a Certificate which shall be false or untrue in any Particular, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds,

8. Any Licence to be taken out by a Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman in Great Britain may be granted for a Period not exceeding Six Months, on Payment of One Half only of the Amount payable for a Yearly Licence; provided that any such Half-yearly Licence shall continue in force until and upon the Thirty-first Day of January or the Thirty-first Day of July, as the Case may be, next following the Date thereof, and no longer.

Stamp Duties.

9. For the Purposes of this Act with respect to the Duty on Insurances against Loss or Damage by Fire," Stock in Trade " shall be understood and deemed to mean Goods, Wares, and Merchandise in the Possession of the Manufacturer thereof for Sale, or in the Possession of any Manufacturer as Materials to be used for the Purpose or in the Process of any Manufacture, or in the Possession of any Trader for Sale in the course of his Trade, or in the Possession of any Person on behalf of such Manufacturer or Trader, or in the Possession of a licensed Pawnbroker, being Goods received by him in Pledge.

10. In every Policy by which any Insurance from Loss or Damage by Fire shall be made or renewed upon any Stock in Trade, Machinery, Implements, or Utensils subject to the reduced Rate of yearly Percentage Duty by this Act imposed, such Stock in Trade, Machinery, Implements, and Utensils, and the Sum or Sums insured thereon, shall be specified and set forth separately from all other Property on which any Insurance shall be made by the same Policy, and the Quarterly Accounts required by Law to be kept and rendered by Persons, Corporations, and Companies insuring against Fire shall contain a separate and distinct Account of all such Insurances as aforesaid, and of the Sums insured thereby respectively, and all other Particulars relating thereto required by Law to be specified or contained in such Quarterly Accounts: Provided that where in any Policy existing at the Time of the passing of this Act Property insured subject to the said reduced Rate of Duty shall not be separately and distinctly specified as herein required, it shall be lawful to distinguish the same and the Sum or Sums insured thereon by any Memorandum to be written or endorsed in or upon such Policy.

11. ' Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-seven, certain ad valorem Stamp Duties were granted ' and made payable under the Head of " Settlement" in the Schedule thereto in respect of any definite and certain Principal Sum or Sums of Money, and any definite and certain

Share

27° VICTORIA c. 18.

Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stocks and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank

of Ireland, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation: And whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the said Act as herein-after mentioned Be it enacted, That the said Duties so granted and made payable as last aforesaid shall be deemed to extend to and shall be chargeable upon or in respect of any definite and certain Principal Sum or Sums of Money of any Denomination or Currency, whether British, Foreign, or Colonial, and any definite and certain Share or Shares in the Stocks or Funds of any Foreign or Colonial Government, State, Corporation, or Company whatsoever, as well as upon or in respect of the Shares* Stocks, and Funds specifiea in the said last-mentioned Schedule.

12. And where any Principal Sum of Money secured or contracted for by or which may become due or payable upon any Bond, Debenture, Policy of Insurance, Covenant, or Contract shall be settled or agreed to be settled, or ^uch Bond, Debenture, Policy, Covenant, or Contract shall be settled, or assigned or transferred by way of Settlement, or shall be agreed so to be, then and in any of such Cases the same shall be deemed to be a Settlement of such Principal Sum of Money, and shall be chargeable with the said act valorem Stamp Duties on the Amount thereof accordingly: Provided always, that where the Subject of any Settlement shall be a Policy of Insurance* then, if there shall not be any certain Covenant, Contract, or Provision made for keeping up such Policy, or for paying the Premiums which may become payable in that Behalf, the said act valorem Duty shall be chargeable only on the Value of such Policy at the Date of such Settlement.

13. And where the Subject of any Settlement chargeable with the said Duties shall be any Share or Shares in any such Stocks or Funds as aforesaid, or any Sum or Sums of Money secured by any Foreign or Colonial Bond, Debenture, or other Security bearing a marketable Value in the English Market, then the Value of such Share or Shares, and of such Bond, Debenture* or other Security respectively, shall be ascertained and determined by the average selling Price thereof on the Day or on either of the Ten Days preceding the Day of the Date of the Deed or Instrument of Settlement, or if no Sale shall have taken place within such Ten Days then according to the average selling Price thereof on the Day of the last preceding Sale, and the said act valorem Duties shall be chargeable on such Settlement in respect of the Value so ascertained and determined; and the Value of any Sum or Sums of Money expressed in Coin of a Foreign or Colonial Denomination or Currency shall be determihed by the current Rate of Exchange on the Day of the Date of the Deed or Instrument of Settlement, and the said act valorem Duties shall be chargeable in respect of the Value so determined as last aforesaid.

14. The Stamp Duty by this Act imposed on a Voting Paper as described in Schedule (C.) to this Act may be denoted by an adhesive Stamp, in like Manner as the Stamp Duty on an Instrument appointing a Proxy; and all Provisions and Regulations relating to the Particulars to be inserted in such last-mentioned Instrument, or to the cancelling or obliterating an adhesive Stamp affixed thereto, and all Penalties for any Neglect or Omission to comply with any such Provisions or Regulations, or for making or signing any such Instrument on Paper not duly stamped, or for voting or attempting to vote under any such Instrument not duly stamped, shall be deemed to apply and shall be observed and enforced, mutatis mutandis, in relation to any such Voting Paper as aforesaid.

Income Tax.

15. And whereas under and by virtue of the Fortieth Section of the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, Persons

liable to the Payment of Rent, yearly Interest, or any Annuity or other annual Payment

therein mentioned, are entitled and authorized on making such Payment to deduct and retain thereout the Amount of the Rate of Income Tax which shall be payable at the Time when such Payment becomes due:* Be it enacted, That the Persons liable to and making any such Payment as aforesaid shall be entitled and are hereby authorized to deduct and retain thereout the Amount of the Rate or a proportionate Amount of the several

Rates

105

13 & 14 Vict c. 97. defined.

Settlement of Sums of Money secured by Bonds, Deben-tares, and other Securities chargeable.

The Value of Shares in Stocks and Funds, and of Sums secured by Foreign or Colonial Securities, and of Sums expressed in Foreign or Colonial Currency, how ascertained and determined.

Provisions and Regulations relating to Proxies to apply to Voting Papers.

Income Tax levied under Sect. 40. of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 34. to be deducted from Rent, Interest, &c. at the Rate payable daring the Period when the same was accruing.

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

Rates of Income Tax which were chargeable by Law upon or in respect of such Rent, Interest, Annuity, or other annual Payment, or the Source thereof, during the Period through which the same was accruing due, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Customs granted and the Drawbacks allowed on the following Articles by this Act.

On and after the under -mentioned Dates, in lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on the Articles under mentioned, the following Duties of Customs shall be charged thereon, on Importation into Great Britain or Ireland; that is to say.

On and after the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four:

Sugar, viz .: £ ms. d.

Candjr, Brown or White, Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality thereto, and Manufactures of Refined Sugar - the Cwt. 0 12 10 On and after the Sixteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four: Sugar, viz .: £ s. rf.

White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined

the Cwt. Oil 8 Yellow Muscovado, and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - the Cwt. 0 10 6

Brown Muscovado Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality

thereto, and not equal to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed the Cwt. 0 9 4

Any other Sugar not equal in Quality to Brown Muscovado - the Cwt. 0 8 2

Cane Juice - the Cwt. 0 6 7

Molasses - - the Cwt. 0 3 6

Almonds, Paste of - - the lb. 0 0 1

Cherries, dried - - the lb. 0 0 1

Comfits, dry - - the lb. 0 0 1

Confectionery, not otherwise enumerated - - the lb. 0 0 1

Ginger (Preserved) - - the lb. 0 0 1

Marmalade - - the lb. 0 0 1

Plums preserved in Sugar ---- the lb. 0 0 1

Succades, including all Fruits and Vegetables preserved in Sugar, not otherwise enumerated - the lb. 0 0 1

On and after the under-mentioned Dates, in lieu of the Drawbacks now allowed thereon, the following Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed on the under-mentioned Descriptions of Refined Sugar on the Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts, or on Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, or on Deposit in any approved Warehouse, upon such Terms and subject to such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may direct, for Delivery from such Warehouse as Ships Stores only, or for the Purpose of sweetening British Spirits in Bond; that is to say,

On and after the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four":

Upon Refined Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, £ s. d. having been perfectly clarified, and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout; and upon such Sugar pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers and at the Expense of the Exporter, and upon Candy, for every Cwt. - -012 10

107

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

Upon Refined Sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in £ s. d. anyway inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 1., approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than Five per Centum Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove, for every Cwt. - -0122

And on and after the Twenty-first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four:

Upon Sugar refined by the Centrifugal or by any other Process, and not in £ s. d. anyway inferior to the Export Standard, No. 3., approved by the Lords of the Treasury, for every Cwt. - -0 12 10

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in anyway inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 2., approved by the Lords of the Treasury, for every Cwt. - 0 10 10 Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in anyway inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 4., approved by the Lords of the Treasury, for every Cwt. - 0 9 6

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, being inferior in Quality to the said Export

Standard Sample, No. 4., for every Cwt. - - -082

In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on the under-mentioned Articles on their Importation into Great Britain or Ireland, the following Duties of Customs shall be charged on and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; that is to say.

Wheat - - O £ s. d.

Barley -

Oats -

Rye -

Peas -

Beans -

Maize or Indian Corn

Buckwheat -

Bear or Bigg -

The Duties of Customs now charged on Tea shall continue to be levied and charged, — On and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, on Importation into Great Britain or Ireland; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Tea - the lb. 0 1 0

the Cwt. 0 0 3

SCHEDULE (B.)

Containing the Duties of Excise granted by this Act; that is to say,

On Sugar made in the United Kingdom on and after the Sixteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, in lieu of the Duties of Excise now chargeable thereon; (that is to say,)

Candy, Brown or White, Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process £ s. d.

equal in Quality thereto, and Manufactures of Refined Sugar - the Cwt. 0 12 10 White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined

the Cwt. Oil 8 Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - the Cwt. 0 10 6

Brown Muscovado Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality

thereto, and not equal to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed - the Cwt. 0 9 4 Any other Sugar not equal in Quality to Brown Muscovado - the Cwt. 0 8 2 Molasses - - the Cwt. 0 3 6

108

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

a.

d.

- 0 2 6

On Sugar used in Brewing:

For and upon every Hundred Weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight, of all Sugar which on or after the Sixteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four shall be used by any Brewer of Beer for Sale in the brewing or making of Beer - -0 3 4

In lieu of the Duty of Excise on such last-mentioned Sugar granted by any former Act On Licences to sell Tea, &c .:

For and upon any Licence to be taken out yearly by any Person to trade in or sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, or Pepper in any House rated to the Relief of the Poor at a Sum less than Eight Pounds per Annum, the Duty of -In lieu of the Duty of Excise now payable upon such Licence.

On Occasional Licences to Refreshment House Keepers, Wine Retailers, Beer Retailers, and Tobacco Dealers; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Occasional Licence to the Keeper of a Refreshment House, for each and every Day for which such Licence shall be granted For and upon every Occasional Licence to retail Foreign Wine to be consumed at the Place where sold, for each and every Day for which the same shall be granted -

For and upon every Occasional Licence to retail Beer to be consumed at the Place where sold, for each and every Day for which the same shall be granted -

For and upon every Occasional Licence to deal in or sell Tobacco or Snuff, for each and every Day for which the same shall be granted On Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars:

For and upon any Licence to be taken cut on or after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person going from Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, and travelling either on Foot or otherwise, in Great Britain, carrying to sell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise,

If such trading Person as aforesaid shall travel and trade on Foot, without any Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, and shall carry his Goods, Wares, or Merchandise to and sell or expose for Sale the same at other Men's Houses only, and not in or at any House, Shop,

Room, Booth, Stall, or other Place whatever belonging to or hired or occupied or used by him for that Purpose in any Town to which he may travel, the yearly Duty of -

And if such trading Person shall travel or trade otherwise than as aforesaid, or with a Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, the yearly Duty of- -

And if such trading Person shall travel or trade with more than One Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, then for each and every Horse or other Beast with which he shall so travel the yearly Duty of -

In lieu of the Duties now chargeable on Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars Great Britain.

And the trading Persons described in the Ninth Section of the Act passed the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-one, shall be deemed to be Hawkers and Pedlars subject to the Duties herein contained.

Nil.

- 0 1 0

0 1 0

- 0 0 4

s.

d.

- 2 0 0

- 4 0 0

4 0 0

m

m

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Duties of Stamps granted by this Act in lieu of the Stamp Duties now chargeable on the several Instruments, Matters, and Things in this Schedule mentioned.

Fire Insurance.

In lieu of the yearly Percentage Duty now chargeable for or in respect of any Insurance from Loss or Damage by Fire only, which shall be made or renewed on or after the

109

27° VICTORIA, c. 18.

Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four of or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, being Stock in Trade, or of or upon any Machinery, Fixtures, Implements, or Utensils used for the Purpose of any Manufacture or Trade, there shall be charged and paid yearly a Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence per Annum for every One hundred Pounds insured; and when any such Insurance as aforesaid shall be made or renewed at any Time between the Twenty-second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixtyrfour and the said Twenty-fifth Day of June, for any Period of Time extending beyond the said last-mentioned Day, there shall be charged and paid for and in respect of the Time intervening between the making or renewing of the said Insurance and the said Twenty-fifth Day of June, the yearly Percentage Duty at and after the Rate chargeable on the said Twenty-second Day of April, and for and in respect of any subsequent Period, including the said Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Rate of Duty chargeable according to this Resolution; and no Return or Allowance of Duty, except at and after the last-mentioned Rate, shall be made in respect of Time unexpired, or otherwise, on any such Insurance as aforesaid which shall have been made or renewed before the said Twenty-second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

Letters or Powers of Attorney, Proxies, &c .; (that is to say,)

For and upon any Letter or Power of Attorney:

For the Sale, Transfer, or Acceptance of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds:

£ s. d.

If the Value of such Stocks or Funds shall exceed 207. - 1 0 0

And if such Value shall not exceed 207. - 0 5 0

For the Receipt of Dividends or Interest of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or of the Stocks, Funds, or Shares of or in any Joint Stock Company or other Company or Society whose Stocks or Funds are divided into Shares and transferable:

£ s. d.

If the same shall be for the Receipt of One Payment only - - 0 1 0

And if the same shall be for a continuous Receipt or for the Receipt of

more than One Payment - -050

For the Receipt of any Sum of Money, or any Cheque, Note, or Draft for any Sum of Money not exceeding 207. (except in the Cases aforesaid), or any periodical Payment (other than as aforesaid), not exceeding the annual Sum of 107. - 0 5 0

Letter or Power of Attorney, Commission, Factory, Mandate, or other Instrument in the Nature thereof:

For the sole Purpose of appointing, nominating, or authorizing any Person £ s. d. to vote as a Proxy or otherwise at One Meeting of the Proprietors or Shareholders of any Joint Stock or other Company, or of the Members of any Society or Institution, or of the Contributors to the Funds thereof, or at One Meeting of any Body exercising a public Trust, in the United Kingdom, or to vote at One Pariah Meeting of Heritors or Proprietors of Real or Heritable Property in Scotland - - -001

Voting Paper; (that is to say,)

Any Instrument for the Purpose of voting by any Person entitled to vote

at any such Meeting as aforesaid in any Part of the United Kingdom 0 0 1

For and upon any Letter or Power of Attorney made by any Petty Officer, Seaman, Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, or by the Executors or Administrators of any such Person —

For receiving Prize Money or Wages - For and upon any Letter or Power of Attorney of any other Kind or Commission or Factory in the Nature thereof -

27 Vict. P

£ s. d.

0 1 0

I 10 0

110

27° VICTORIA c. 18.

Exemptions.

Any Letter of Attorney for the Receipt of Dividends of any definite and certain Share of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds producing a yearly Dividend of less than 3/.

Any Letter or Power of Attorney or Proxy filed in any Ecclesiastical Court.

Appointments to Ecclesiastical Benefices, &c.

For and upon any Donation or Presentation, by whomsoever made, of or to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion:

Also for and upon any Collation by any Archbishop or Bishop or by any other ordinary or competent Authority to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion:

Also for and upon .any Institution granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, to any Ecclesiastical Benefice, Dignity, or Promotion, proceeding upon the Petition of the Patron to be himself admitted and instituted, and not upon a Presentation:

Also for and upon any Nomination by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or by any other Patron, to any Perpetual Curacy:

Also for and upon any Licence to hold a Perpetual Curacy not proceeding upon a Nomination:

Where the net yearly Value of any such Benefice, Dignity, Promotion, or Perpetual Curacy —

1

2

3

4

5 7

rf.

0

0

0

0

0

0

Shall exceed 50/. and not exceed 1001 -

, 100/., 150/. -

, 150/., 200/. -

, 200/., 250/.

, 250/., 300/.

And where such Value shall exceed 300/. -

And also (where such Value shall exceed 300/.) for every 100/. thereof

over and above the first 200/. a further Duty of - 5 0 0

Note. — The yearly Value of such Benefice, Dignity, Promotion, or Perpetual Curacy in any and every of the Cases aforesaid to be ascertained and determined by the Certificate of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and Ireland respectively, to be written on the Instrument charged with Duty; provided always, that Two or more Benefices, or a Benefice and any other Ecclesiastical Preferment episcopally or permanently united shall be deemed One Benefice only.

Also for and upon any Collation, Institution, or Admission by any Presbytery £ s. d. or other competent Authority to any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Scotland - 2 0 0

Exemptions,

1. Any Collation or Appointment by any Archbishop or Bishop to any Cathedral,

Prebend, Dignity, or Honorary Canonry having no Endowment or Emolument attached thereto.

2. Any Institution proceeding upon a Presentation.

3. Any Licence to hold a Perpetual Curacy proceeding upon a Nomination.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act.

For One Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from

Ill

27° VICTORIA, c. 18, 19.

Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, the following Rates and Duties; (that is to say,)

For every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains (except those chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act), the Rate or Duty of Sixpence.

And for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof —

In England the Rate or Duty of Threepence:

And in Scotland and Ireland respectively the Rate or Duty of Twopence Farthing:

Subject to the Provisions contained in Section Three of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Twenty-two, for the Exemption of Persons whose whole Income from every Source is under One hundred Pounds a Year, and the Relief of those whose Income is under Two hundred Pounds a Year.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable Joint Stock Companies carrying on Business in Foreign Countries to have Official Seals to be used in such Countries.

[13th May 1864.]

WHEREAS there have been and may be established in the United Kingdom Companies whose Business is to be carried on in Countries not situate in the United Kingdom, and it is convenient and desirable that Investments may be made, and Mort-

gages. Conveyances, and Leases taken, and Contracts and Engagements entered into, on ' behalf of the Company, in such Countries, in the Name of the Company:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as c< The Companies Seals Act, 1864."

2. Any Company, under "The Companies Act, 18G2," whose Objects require or comprise the Transaction of Business, ns herein-before mentioned, in Foreign Countries, may cause to be prepared an Official Seal for and to be used in any Place, District, or Territory situate out of the United Kingdom in which the Business of the Company shall be carried on, and every such Official Seal may and shall be a Facsimile of or as nearly as practicable a Facsimile of the Common Seal of the Company, with the Exception that on the Face thereof shall be inscribed the Name of each and every Place, District, or Territory in and for which it is to be used: Provided that it shall be lawful for any such Company as aforesaid from Time to Time to break up and renew any Official Seal or Seals, and to vary the Limits within which it is intended to be used.

3. Every Company having or using any such Official Seal as is authorized by this Act may from Time to Time, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing under the Common Seal, of the Company, empower any Agent or Agents specially appointed for the Purpose, or any local Agent, Board, Committee, Manager, or Commissioner appointed under the Provisions of the Articles of Association of such Company, in any Place, District, or Territory situate out of the United Kingdom where the Business of the Company shall for the Time being be carried on, to affix such Official Seal to any Deed, Contract, or other Instrument to which the Company is or shall be made a Party in such Place, District, or Territory, and no other Order of the Company or the Board of Directors thereof shall be necessary to authorize any such Seal to be affixed to any Deed, Contract, or other Instrument.

4. Every

[Short Title.]

Power to Companies to have an Official Seal.

Power to Companies to appoint Agents abroad to affix Seals.

As to the Duration of Powers granted under Sect. 3. of this Act

Person affixing Seal to Document to certify the Date when so affixed.

Companies not to exercise Powers of Act unless authorized.

Section 55. of 25 & 26 Vict c. 89. not repealed.

So much of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 37. as prohibits or restrains the Negotiation in Ireland of Notes and Bills under 5/. repealed.

Term of this] Act.

27° VICTORIA, c. 19, 20.

4. Every Power granted under the last preceding Section shall, as between the Company, their Successors and Assigns, on the one hand, and the Person or Persons dealing with the Agent or Agents, Board, Committee, Manager, or Commissioner named in the Instrument conferring the Power, and all Parties claiming through or under such Person. or Persons, on the other hand, continue in force during the Period, if any, mentioned in the Instrument conferring the Power, or if no Power be there mentioned then until Notice of the Revocation or Determination of the Power shall have been given to such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

5. Whenever any such Official Seal as aforesaid shall be affixed to any Document, the Person affixing the same shall, by Writing under his Hand, and written on the Document to which the Seal may have been affixed, certify the Date when and the Place where the same was affixed; and any Document to which any such Seal shall have been duly affixed within the District or Territory or Place the Name whereof is inscribed on such Seal shall bind the Company in the same Way and to the same Extent and have the same Force and Effect as if it had been duly sealed with the Common Seal of the Company.

6. The Powers given by this Act shall be exercised by such Companies only as are or shall be expressly authorized to exercise the same by their Articles of Association, or a special Resolution passed according to the Provisions of "The Companies Act, 1862," and shall be exercised by such Companies subject to any Directions or Restrictions in their Articles of Association or the special Resolutions contained.

7. Nothing in this Act contained shall operate to repeal the Provisions of the Fifty-fifth Section of "The Companies Act, 1862," but such Section shall continue in force, and all Acts done or to be done thereunder shall be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed.

CAP. XX.

An Act to remove certain Restrictions on the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in Ireland.

[13th May 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act so much and such Parts of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-seven, as prohibits the drawing, making, and issuing, or restrains or imposes any Penalty for or on account of the publishing, uttering, or negotiating in Ireland of any Promissory or other Note (not being a Note payable to Bearer on Demand), Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Undertaking in Writing, being negotiable or transferable, for the Payment of Twenty Shillings or above that Sum and less than Five Pounds, or on which Twenty Shillings or above that Sum and less than Five Pounds shall remain undischarged, made, drawn, or endorsed in any other Manner than is directed by the said Act, or which requires or directs that all such Notes, Bills, Drafts, or Undertakings as aforesaid which shall be issued in Ireland shall be made, drawn, or endorsed according to the Forms contained in the Schedules to the said Act, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

2. This Act shall continue in force for Two Years, and until the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

113

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 21.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to indemnify certain Persons from any penal Consequences which they may have incurred by sitting and voting as Members of the House of Commons while holding the Office of Under Secretary of State.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session held in the Twenty-first and Twenty-V second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Government of India, it is among other things enacted, that after the Commencement of that Act any Four of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, and any Four of the Under Secretaries for the Time being to Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, may sit and vote as Members of the House of Commons; but not more than Four such Principal Secretaries and not more than Four such Under Secretaries

shall sit as Members of the House of Commons at the same Time: And whereas on and previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixtythree Austen Henry Layard Esquire, Chichester Samuel Fortescue Esquire (now the Right Honourable Chichester Samuel Fortescue), Henry Austin Bruce Esquire (now the Right Honourable Henry Austin Bruce), and Thomas George Baring Esquire, being respectively Members of the House of Commons, were Four of the Under Secretaries for the Time being to Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and on the said Twenty-eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three the Honourable Spencer Compton Cavendish (commonly called Marquis of Hartington), 4 being a Member of the House of Commons, was also appointed to be One of the Under Secretaries for the Time being to Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State: And whereas between the said Twenty-eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three and the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four 4 (when the said Henry Austin Bruce resigned his said Office of Under Secretary) all the said Five Under Secretaries continued at the same Time to sit, and from Time to Time voted as Members of the House of Commons, whereby they or some or One of them may have incurred or may be in danger of incurring divers penal Consequences: And whereas such Infringement of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament aforesaid having occurred through Inadvertence, it is fit and proper that the said Austen Henry Layard, Chichester Samuel Fortescue, Henry Austin Bruce, Thomas George Baring, and Spencer Compton Cavendish (commonly called Marquis of Hartington) should be indemnified from all such penal Consequences of their said Acts:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said Austen Henry Layard, Chichester Samuel Fortescue, Henry Austin Bruce, Thomas George Baring, and Spencer Compton Cavendish (commonly called Marquis of Hartington) shall be and each and every of them is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities whatsoever (if any) incurred or to be incurred by them or any or either of them for or by reason of the aforesaid Infringement of the Provisions of the said Act of Parliament.

2. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall have been or shall be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against the said Austen Henry Layard, Chichester Samuel Fortescue, Henry Austin Bruce, Thomas George Baring, and Spencer Compton Cavendish (commonly called Marquis of Hartington), or any or either of them, for or on account of any Penalty, Forfeiture, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Infringement of the said Act of Parliament as aforesaid, they or he may plead the General Issue, and upon their or his Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

27 & 28 VICT.

Q

21 & 22 Vict. c. 10P.

Under Secretaries of State herein named indemnified;

and may plead the General Issue on any Action or Suit already commenced.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 62.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 68.

Duty of the Clerk of the Peace as to additional Polling Places created under the first-recited Act.

27°& 28' VICTORIA, c. 22.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Counties in Ireland.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duration

of contested Elections for Counties in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for ' taking the Poll thereat, whereby (amongst other Matters) it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, from Time to Time thereafter, on ' Petition from the Justices of any County or Riding in Ireland in Quarter Sessions assembled, representing that the Polling Places for such County or Riding are insufficient in ' Number or inconveniently situated, and praying that the Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition may be a Polling Place or Polling Places for the County or Riding within which such Place or Places is or are situate, or may be discontinued as such Polling Place or Places, and that a Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, ' or any Portion thereof respectively, in such Petition mentioned, may constitute a District

for polling at a Polling Place in such Petition mentioned (anything in an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to (shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for ' taking the Poll thereat, providing that a Barony or Half Barony shall not be divided, to c the contrary notwithstanding), or praying that any Polling District or Districts may be ' altered, and that any Barony or Half Barony, or any Portion thereof respectively, may be

detached from any such Polling District, and be annexed to any other Polling District, c as the Case may be, to declare that any Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition

shall be a Polling Place or Polling Places for that County or Riding, or shall be discontinued as such Polling Place or Places, and that the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony

or Half Baronies, or any Portion thereof respectively, in such Petition mentioned, shall ' constitute a District for polling at such Polling Place, and that the other Polling Districts of the said County or Riding shall be altered accordingly, or to declare that any Polling ' District or Districts shall be altered, and that any Barony or Half Barony, or Portion ' thereof respectively, shall be detached from any such Polling District, and be annexed to c any other Polling District: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the Formation of c separate Lists of Voters in the Polling District or Polling Districts which may be constituted under the said Act, and also to provide.for the Formation of the Lists of Voters

that may be detached from any Polling District, and annexed to any other Polling District, pursuant to the Provisions thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, when any Declaration or Order for creating any additional Polling Place or Polling Places, and the Polling District or Polling Districts for the same, or for discontinuing or altering any Polling District or Districts, shall be made for any County, and published in the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act, the Clerk of the Peace for such County, when delivering or causing to be delivered, next after such Publication, the Precept or Precepts which such Clerk of the Peace is now required by Law to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Clerk of every Poor Law Union situate wholly or in part within his County, shall at the same Time, and together with the said Precept or Precepts, deliver or cause to be delivered, to the Clerk of every Poor Law Union his additional Precept, according to the Form (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and also One or more Copies of such Parts of the Lists of registered Voters then in force for such County as shall relate to the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, within such Union, from or out of which a Polling District or Polling Districts have been constituted under the said recited Act, and also such Parts of the said Lists as shall relate to any Barony or Half Barony

within

115

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c; 22.

within sach Union any Portion whereof shall have been detached from any Polling District, and annexed to any other Polling District, pursuant to the said recited Act.

2. Such Clerk of the Peace shall, together with such additional Precept, at the same Time also make and cause to be delivered to the Clerk of such Poor Law Union One or more of the Forms (numbered 2, 3.) contained in the said Schedule (A.), specifying the Portion or Portions of such Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, whereof such Polling District or Polling Districts is or are constituted, as specified or declared in the Declaration or Order certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Privy Council, and published in the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited Act, and also the Barony or Half Barony, Baronies or Half Baronies, any Portion or Portions whereof respectively may have been detached from any Polling District or Polling Districts, and annexed to any other Polling District or Polling Districts, as declared, certified, and published as aforesaid; and thereupon such Clerk of the Poor Law Union, after due Inquiry, which he is required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates for such respective Barony or Baronies or Divisions thereof out of which such Polling District or Polling Districts may be constituted, or from which any Portion or Portions thereof have been detached or annexed as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required, in addition to what he is now required by Law to do, to write in the Margin opposite the Name of each Person on the Copy List of registered Voters the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, and Parish, Part of Parish and Barony, respectively, or other Division out of which, in respect of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein, such Person's Name is on the List of registered Voters, if such Half Barony, Parish, Town-land, Part of Parish, Part of Townland and Parish, or other Division constitute such Polling District or Polling Districts or any Part thereof, or form any Portion of a Polling District detached from and annexed to any other Polling District; and such Clerk of the Poor Law Union shall in like Manner, upon every Supplemental List or Supplemental Lasts of Persons not appearing on the Copy of the Register of Voters, and which he is now by Law required to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace, write in the Margin of such Supplemental List or Supplemental Lists opposite the Names respectively of the Persons transmitted to such Clerk of the Peace the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, Part of Parish, Part of Townland and Parish* or other Division respectively, as the Case may be, forming any Polling District or Polling Districts or any Part thereof, or forming any Portion of a Polling District detached from and annexed to any other Polling District, if the Name of such Person shall have been inserted in such Supplemental List or Lists as the Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Polling District or Districts, or in any Part thereof, or as the Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any Portion of a Polling District detached from and annexed to any other Polling District; and such Copies of the Register of Voters and Supplemental List or Supplemental Lists, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, signed by such respective Clerk of the Union, shall be the Copies and Lists to be verified for such Polling Districts as aforesaid by such Clerk of the Union and returned to the Clerk of the Peace, and shall be so verified pursuant to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Lares which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs, and shall be returned to such Clerk of the Peace within the Time in that Behalf in the said last-recited Act specified.

3. And whereas by the said last-recited Act it is enacted, that the Clerk of the Peace of

every County shall, on or before the Twenty-second Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, publish in each Barony a Notice according to the

Form (numbered 8.) contained in the Schedule (A.) to that Act annexed, having first s signed the same, requiring all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or

Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in respect of Property wholly or in part in each

Barony, who shall not be upon the Register for such Barony of Voters then in force,

and shall not be on the Supplemental* List for such Barony, and all Persons so entitled ' to vote as aforesaid who being upon such Register shall not retain the same Qualification

Q 2 'or

Duty of the Clerk of the Peace as to new or altered Polling Districts.

Duty of the Clerk of the Poor Law Union to write on the Margin of the Registry the Name of the Parish or other Division in the Polling District in respect of Property wherein the Name of the Voter is on the List; and also on the Supplemental Lists.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 69.

Notice of Claims to vote under 13 & 14 Vict c. 69. to be given by the Clerks of the Peace.

H<rw Notices of Claims to vote are to be given by the Clerk of the Peace under this Act

Form of Notice by Claimant under this Act.

Omission to serve Notice by Claimant in the Form under this Act not to deprive him of his Right to be inserted on the List

Notices of Objection, and Lists of Persons objected to, shall be given under this Act

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

or continue in the same Place of Abode as described in such Register, and who are desirous to have their Names inserted in the Register about to be made, to give or send c to the Clerk of the Peace at his Office, on or before the Fourth of August then next ensuing, a Notice in Writing by them signed of their Claims to vote as aforesaid, and which Notice is required to be according to the Form of Notice set forth in that Behalf in the Form (numbered 9.) contained in the said Schedule (A.) to that Act annexed, or to the like Effect: And whereas the said Notice (numbered 8.) and Form (numbered 9.) in the said Schedule (A.) are only applicable to Persons entitled to vote or claiming to be entitled to vote in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within any Barony in a County in which the Provisions aforesaid of the said first-recited Act have not been in force, and it is expedient to amend the same so as to make Notices and Forms to the like Effect applicable to Persons entitled to vote or claiming to be entitled to vote in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within any Polling District in any County constituted under the said first-recited Act, or in any Portion of a Barony or Half Barony detached from and annexed to any other Polling District, pursuant to the said first-recited Act:* Be it therefore enacted, That after any Polling District shall be constituted, or any Portion of a Barony or Half Barony shall be detached from any Polling District, and annexed to any other Polling District, pursuant to the said first-recited Act, in any County, the Clerk of the Peace of such County shall and he is hereby required, in the Notice as to Claims to vote to be given by him as aforesaid in the said Form (numbered 8.) in the said Schedule (A.), after the Words in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part within any Barony of this County," to add the Words or in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part within any Half Barony or Polling District, or in any Portion of a Barony or Half Barony detached from any Polling District and annexed to any other Polling District," as the Case may be, and after the Words such Barony" to add the Words 44or Polling District and the said Notice of Claim to be given to the Clerk of the Peace shall be in the Form (numbered 4.) in the said Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and the Form for said Notice should be annexed to the said Notice given by the Clerk of the Peace: Provided always, that the Omission to serve such Notice by the Claimant, if otherwise a Notice in his Behalf be served pursuant to the said Form (No. 9.), shall not deprive such Claimant of his Right to be inserted in the List of Voters for such Half Barony or Polling District, or annexed Polling District, as the Case may be, if otherwise entitled thereto; but in all such Cases, upon the Revision of the Lists of Voters for such County, and upon Evidence given before the Assistant Barrister that such Claimant is entitled to have his Name inserted on the List of Voters in respect of Properly situate wholly or in part within such Polling District, or within any Portion of a Barony or Half Barony detached from any Polling District, and annexed to any other Polling District, the Assistant Barrister shall and he is hereby required to insert the Name of such Claimant in the List of Voters for such Polling District or annexed Polling District, as the Case may be, and in respect of the Property of such Claimant therein.

4. All Notices of Objection required to be given to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, and Notices of Objection to be given to Parties objected to by any Person other than the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Union, and Lists of Persons objected to required to be published by the Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the said last-recited Act, shall also be made, given, and published whenever the said first-recited Act shall have come into effect as aforesaid in any County, inserting in such Notices and Lists, instead of the Words Barony, the Name of the Half Barony, Polling District, or other Division in the Lists whereof the Name of the Person objected to is inserted or claims to be inserted; and the Provisions of the said last-recited Act, and the Schedule (A.), Nos. 10-15, annexed thereto, with respect to the Clerk of the Union's Supplemental List of the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in a Barony, and with respect to the Clerk of the Peace's Lists of Persons claiming to be entitled to vote in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within a Barony, shall also apply to such Occupiers or Persons claiming in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within such Half Barony, Polling District, or other Division as aforesaid, inserting in such Lists, instead of the Barony, the Name of the Half Barony, Polling District, or other Division as aforesaid.

5. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

5. The Clerk of the Peace in such County as aforesaid, upon the Transmission to him next after this Act shall come into operation in any such County of the Copies of the Register for the several Baronies therein by the several Clerks of the Poor Law Unions wholly or in part within said County, and Supplemental Lists with such marginal Observations thereon as aforesaid, shall from such Copies and List9, and within the Time now prescribed by Law for the making and Publication of Alphabetical Lists of Claimants, make out, according to the Form (numbered 5.), and pursuant to the Directions in the said Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, an Alphabetical List for each Polling District or other Division into which such County or a Part thereof may have been divided, pursuant to such first-recited Act, and Declaration or Order of the Privy Council made thereon, of all Persons entitled to vote in respect of Property in such Polling District or other Division; and all such Lists shall be made, printed, and published in the like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as now relate to the Lists of Voters or Claimants for each Barony in any County in which the said first-recited Act has not come into force as aforesaid, except as herein provided.

6. Such Alphabetical List and such List of Claimants, if any, as aforesaid, for every Polling District or other Division as aforesaid, with the marginal Additions, if any, thereon, except such marginal Additions as by this Act are required to be inserted in the Copies of the Register for the several Baronies and Supplemental Lists by the Clerks of the Poor Law Unions as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be the List of Voters of such Half Barony, Polling District, or other Division into which such County may have been divided as aforesaid for the Purposes in the said last-recited Act and herein-after mentioned.

7. The Chairman of Quarter Sessions of every County in which after the passing of this Act the said Act first-recited shall come into force as aforesaid shall at the next Court of Revision for the Registry of Voters in the said County duly revise such Lists of Voters and ListB of Claimants in respect of Property in such Polling District or other Division, as the Case may be, and adjudicate thereon and upon all Objections thereto, in like Manner, and with all the like Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction, to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to the same Right of Appeal, as already provided by the said last-recited Act with respect to the Revision of the Lists of the several Baronies in such County, and the Registry of Voters in the said County, and the several Lists of Claimants and of Persons objected thereto: Provided always, that if upon any Revision to be holden under this Act it should appear to the Satisfaction of such Chairman of Quarter Sessions that the Name of any Person otherwise entitled to vote in such County remained in any Baronial List, and which ought to have been inserted, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, in the List of the Polling District or other Division as aforesaid, or was erroneously inserted in one Polling District or Division instead of another, such Assistant Barrister shall thereupon expunge such Name from such Baronial List or Polling District or Division, and insert the same in the List of the Polling District or other Division in respect of Property wherein the Name of such Person had been originally placed in such Baronial List.

8. After the Transmission of the Lists of Voters for the said County by the Assistant Barrister, signed by him, to the Clerk of the Peace, the said Clerk of the Peace shall, in like Manner, and subject to the like Provisions as provided by the said Act with respect to Baronial Lists, cause the said Lists for such Half Barony, Polling District, or other Division to be printed in a Book or Books, numbered and arranged, with the Names in each Polling District or other Division in strict alphabetical Order, and in such Manner and Form that the List of Voters for each and every separate Polling District or other Division contained therein may be conveniently and completely cut out or detached from all the other Lists of Voters contained in the same Book, fn the same Manner and for the same Purposes as the Lists of Voters for separate Baronies are printed and arranged under the said last-mentioned Act; and such separate Lists shall be intituled according to the Forms (Nos. 6, 7, 8.) in the said Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and endorsed with the Name of the Polling District and Polling Place therein according to the Form No. 9. in the said Schedule, and the same shall be delivered to the Sheriff of the County, signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, within the Time and for the Purposes in the said last-mentioned Act expressed.

9. And

117

Clerks of the Peace shall prepare Alphabetical Lists of Voters in each Polling District.

Such Alphabetical Lists to be the Lists of Voters in such Polling District for the I Purposes herein-after mentioned.

Lists of Voters to be revised by the Chairman of Quarter Sessions for each Polling District in like Manner as provided by the 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69.

Power of the said Chairman to amend Mistakes in the Lists.

Separate Lists of the Polling Districts to be numbered, arranged, and printed.

How to be endorsed.

118

When new Polling Districts have been formed, or former Polling Districts altered, before this Act, under 25 & 26 Vict. c. 62., Clerk of the Peace to send a Copy of the present Register of Voters to each Clerk of Poor Law Unions in the District

Duty of the Clerk of the Poor Law Union.

Clerk of the Peace to make out Alphabetical Lists for each Polling District, and print and publish them.

Duty of the Assistant Barrister to revise the Lists.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

9. And whereas before the passing of this Act, and after the said Act of the Twenty- fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty was passed, additional Polling Districts have been constituted, and other Polling Districts or Parts of Polling Districts ' have been altered or discontinued, in certain Counties in Ireland, in pupuance of the said ' Act, and it is expedient that Provision be made for ascertaining the Voters in such new or altered Polling Districts, or for making separate Lists of such Voters, and which

Lists are required for the Purpose of voting at the Polling Places appointed for such

Districts Be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act the Clerk of the Peace in each County in Ireland in which any Polling District has been heretofore constituted or altered under the Provisions of the said Act shall transmit to the Clerk of every Poor Law Union respectively situate wholly or in part within any such Polling District, or within any Barony or Half Barony, or any Portion thereof detached from any former Polling District, and annexed to any other Polling District, Two or more Copies of the present Register of Voters of the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, from or out of which such new Polling District has been constituted, or other Polling District altered, with his Precept, according to the Form No. 1. in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, together with One or more of the Forms (numbered 2, 3.) in the (Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and containing the like Particulars as hereinbefore provided with respect to Polling Districts that may be constituted or altered as aforesaid after the passing of this Act; and thereupon such Clerk of the Poor Law Union as aforesaid, after due Inquiry, which he is required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates for such respective Barony or Baronies or Divisions thereof out of which such Polling District or Polling Districts have been constituted, or from which any Portion or Portions thereof have been detached or annexed as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required to write in the Margin opposite the Name of each Person in the Copy List of such registered Voters the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, and Parish, Part of Parish and Barony, or other Division respectively, out of which in respect of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein such Person's Name is in the List of registered Voters, if such Half Barony, Parish, Townland, or any Part thereof, or other Division, constitute such Polling District or Polling Districts or any Part thereof, or any Portion of a former Barony or Polling District detached from and annexed to any other Polling District; and such Copy or Copies of registered Voters, with such marginal Additions only as last aforesaid, and no other marginal Additions, shall be verified by such Clerk of the Union, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, and shall be returned to the said Clerk of the Peace within the Space of Ten Days next after the Receipt thereof from such Clerk of the Peace as last aforesaid.

10. The Clerk of the Peace in such County as last aforesaid, upon the Transmission to him of the Copies of the Register of Voters for the several Baronies therein by the several Clerks of the Poor Law Unions wholly or in part within said County, with such marginal Additions as last aforesaid, shall from such Copies, and without any unnecessary 'Delay, make out, pursuant to the Directions (No. 4.) in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, an Alphabetical List for each Polling District or other Division into which such County or a Part thereof has been divided, pursuant to such first-recited Act, and Declaration or Order of the Privy Council made thereon, of all Persons upon such Register of Voters in respect of Property in such Polling District or other Division; and all such Lists shall thereupon be printed and published in the like Manner and subject to the like Provisions as now relate to Lists of Voters for each Barony in any County in which the said first-recited Act has not come into force, except as herein is provided.

11. The Assistant Barrister of every such County as last aforesaid shall, at the Sessions of the Peace to be holden in any such County next after the Publication of such Lists and the passing of this Act, duly revise such Lists of Voters so far as they relate to the Arrangement and Classification thereof in such Polling District or Polling Districts or other Divisions, as the Case may be, and adjudicate thereon; and if it appears upon such Revision that the Name of any Voter in such County remained on any Baronial List, and which ought to have been inserted pursuant to the Provisions of this Act in the List of the Polling District or other Division as last aforesaid, or was erroneously inserted in the List

of

119

* 27° & 28" VICTORI95, c. 22.

of one Polling District or Division instead of another Polling District or Division, such Assistant Barrister shall thereupon expunge such Name from such Baronial or other List, and insert the same in the List of the Polling District or other Division in respect of Property wherein the Name of such Person had been originally placed in such Baronial List: Provided always, it shall not be necessary for such Assistant Barrister to hold any such last-mentioned Court of Revision at the Place or Places in which the List of Voters for the Barony or Half Barony out of which or any Part thereof such new Polling District or other Division had been constituted, but the said Assistant Barrister shall and may hold such Court of Revision at the Sessions of the Peace to be holden in any One or more of the Divisions of the said County, as to the said Assistant Barrister shall seem fit, upon due Notice being given by such Assistant Barrister to the Clerk of the Peace of such County of the Time and-Place or Times and Places for holding such Court of Revision Six Days at least before the Commencement thereof; and such Notice shall be written or printed, posted, published, and distributed in like Manner as already provided with respect to the Revision of Baronial Lists, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit

12. The said Assistant Barrister shall sign such Lists, when so revised, and transmit the same to the said Clerk of the Peace, who thereupon shall cause the said Lists for such Polling District or other Division to be immediately and separately printed and arranged in a Book or Books, in like Manner as herein-before provided with respect to the Lists of Voters for each and every separate Polling District or other Division that may be constituted after the passing of this Act; and such separate Lists shall be the Lists of Voters for polling at the Polling Places appointed for such Polling Districts or Divisions, and shall be intituled according to the Directions (No. 5.) in the said Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and each such List shall be endorsed with the Name of the Polling District and Polling Place thereon, according to the Form (No. 6.) in the said Schedule, and when so printed shall be signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, and delivered without Delay to the Sheriff of the said County, to be safely kept for the Purposes in the said last-recited Act mentioned.

13. When the said Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty shall come into force as aforesaid in any County in Ireland, after the passing of this Act, the Printed Book or Books of the Registry, including the said Printed Book or Books so signed by the Clerk of the Peace and given into the Custody of the Sheriff of the said County as aforesaid, shall, as regards the First Register to be formed under this Act, be the Register of Persons entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament which shall take place in and for the same County between the last Day of November in the Year wherein such last-mentioned Act shall so come into force and the First Day of December in the succeeding Year.

14. After the First Registry in any County or in any Part thereof, under the Provisions of this Act, all future Lists of Voters, and of Persons entitled to or claiming to vote for such new or additional Polling Districts or Divisions in such County or in any Part thereof, shall be made, published, and revised under and in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty aforesaid, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case shall permit, except as herein is excepted.

15. The Clerk of the Peace of every such County shall attend each and every Court of Revision which shall be held in such County under this Act, with all such Lists, Notices, and Returns as he is now required to produce or deliver to such Assistant Barrister for the said County, at the several Courts of Revision holden under the said recited Act, and that may be requisite for the Revision of the Lists or in pursuance of this Act, and according to the respective Polling Districts or other Divisions constituted as aforesaid, and also with all Lists of Claimants and of Persons entitled to vote in respect of Property in the several Polling Districts or other Divisions aforesaid that have been made out and arranged by such Clerk of the Peace, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and the Clerks of the several Unions wholly or in part in such County shall attend at the Courts of Revision holden in such County for such Polling Districts or other Divisions aforesaid, wherein their respective

Unions

Court of Revision, where to be holden.

Notice of the Time and Place for holding the Court to be given.

Revised Lists to be separately printed and arranged for each Polling District.

The First Register of Voters after the passing of this Act to be the Register between 30 Nov. next after its Formation and 1st Dec. in succeeding Tear.

Future Revisions under 13 & 14 Vict c. 69.

Duty of the Clerk of the Peace at the Court of Revision.

Clerjc of the Poor Law Unions to attend Courts of Revision.

Court of Revision to be deemed a Court of Revision under 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69., and a Court of Record *

Power to adjourn Courts of Revision.

Compensation to Clerks of Unions for additional Duties under this Act

Expenses incurred by the Clerk of the Peace in carrying into effect this Act provided for by Presentment

Interpretation of Terms.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

Unions or any Part thereof may be situate, and produce all such Books of Rates, Documents* Papers, or Writings in their Possession, Custody, or Power, as they are now by Law required to produce at the Courts of Revision holden under the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, and if required by the said Assistant Barrister shall also produce all Copy Lists or Tables of the Townlands and Parishes and Barony or Baronies within their respective Unions as aforesaid, and also all Lists of Valuation and of every Revision thereof which may have been theretofore lodged with such Clerics of Poor Law Unions, or transmitted to them or to the respective Boards of Guardians of such Unions by the Commissioner of Valuation in Ireland, and shall answer upon Oath all such Questions as such Assistant Barrister may put upon them touching any Matter herein mentioned.

16. Every Court of Revision to be holden under this Act shall be deemed to be a Court of Revision under the said last-recited Act, and shall be a Court of Record; and the Assistant Barrister before whom such Court shall be held shall have the like Power and Authority to fine the Clerk of the Peace, the Under Sheriff of the County, any Collector of Poor Rates, or Clerk of any Union, respectively, who shall be guilty of any Breach of Duty under or in execution of this Act, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be imposed by and at the Discretion of such Assistant Barrister, such Fines to be paid and appropriated in the like Manner as by the said last-recited Act is provided with respect to such Fines that may be imposed under the Provisions thereof.

17. In case it shall so happen that the Chairman of the County, or any Revising Barrister, by Death, Illness, or other Cause, shall not be in attendance to open any Revision Court appointed to be held for any County, District, or Borough on the Day appointed for opening the same, or, after having opened the same, shall not continue his Attendance until the Business of such Revision Court shall be completed, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, at the Expiration of Two Houre from the Time fixed for the opening of the said Revision Court, and not before, to open and adjourn such Revision Court, and so from Time to Time, and for such reasonable Time as shall be sufficient for the Chancellor for the Time being or Keeper or Commissioner of the Great Seal in Ireland to be informed of such Death, Illness, or Absence, and to appoint some other Person to do the Duty of the said Revision Court, and for such Person to repair to the Place where such Revision Court should be held, and to take upon himself the Execution of the said Duty.

18. The Guardians of the Poor of each Union, after this Act shall come into operation therein, may, by an Order, make such annual or other Allowance out of the Rates to the Clerk of such Union respectively, as Compensation for the additional Duty hereby imposed upon him, as the said Guardians shall think proper; but no such Order shall be acted upon or any Payment made thereunder until the same shall be approved of by the Poor Law Commissioners, and the Payment sanctioned by them.

19. All Expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Clerk of the Peace in any such County as aforesaid in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, including all additional Expenses of forming and arranging the separate Lists for the several Polling Districts or other Divisions as aforesaid, and the providing, printing, and publishing thereof, and all other Expenses that may be hereby imposed on such Clerk of the Peace, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be Expenses incurred by the said Clerk of the Peace under the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty; and an Account thereof shall be laid before the next Presentment Sessions of the County after the same shall be incurred, or shall be included in or added to the Account of the Expenses of the Clerk of the Peace which by the said Act are directed to be laid before the next Presentment Sessions of the County after the same shall have been incurred; and the Grand Jury of such County shall present for the same, or so much thereof as such Presentment Sessions or Grand Jury shall allow to be levied off such County, and to be paid in like Manner as provided by the said Act.

20. In this Act and the Schedules annexed hereto, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Words " Clerk of the Peace " shall be construed to include the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or other Person for the Time being

121

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

being acting for him, and having the Custody of Records relating to the Registry of Parliamentary Voters; the Words "Assistant Barrister" shall apply to and include the Chairman of Quarter Sessions, and also the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin, and his Deputy, or any Barrister duly appointed as Deputy for an Assistant Barrister; the Word " County " shall include a Riding of a County; the Word " Polling District " shall be construed to include any Barony or Half Barony, Parish,

Townland, or any Parts or Portions thereof forming such Polling District, and also any Barony or Half Barony, or any Portion thereof respectively, detached from one Barony or Polling District, and annexed to any other Barony or Polling District.

21. The said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her present 13 & 14 Vict Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, shall be incorporated and construed together with this Act, ^ted withThTs except so far as same is inconsistent herewith or repugnant hereto. Act.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No. 1.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union, in

PURSUANCE OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ACT.

And in pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter [this Act], you are herewith transmitted in the Form (No. 2.) the Name of the Polling District ofa and the several Parts and 'The new Poll-

Divisions of the said Barony [or Baronies, as the Case may be,] out of which the said ing District* Polling District is constituted; and also in the Form (No. 3.) the Name of the Barony, and the Names of the Portions thereof detached from the Polling District of

and annexed to the Polling District ofb . You shall also and within the b The Barony

Time aforesaid, after due Inquiry, which you are required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collectors of Poor Rates (which Assistance such respective Collectors parishes^ &c. are required to give), upon the Copy of the Register of the said Barony or Division of are attached, the Barony included in your Union, write legibly in the Margin of such Copy and opposite the Names respectively of the Persons in such Copy, the Name of the Half Barony, Parish,

Townland, or other Division as named and specified in the said Form (No. 2.) sent herewith, in which Half Barony, Parish, or other Division or Denomination the Property is situate in respect whereof the Names of such Persons respectively appear on such Copy of the Register, and also in like Manner in the Margin of such Copy of the Barony of write legibly opposite the Names respectively of the Persons on such Copy the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, or other Division [as the Case may be], as named and specified in the Form (No. 3.) sent herewith, in which Half Barony, Parish, or other Denomination or Division the Property is situate in respect whereof the Names of such Persons respectively appear on such Copy of the Register; and for the better enabling you to ascertain the Half Barony, Parish, or other Division in which such Property respectively may be situate, you are at liberty to refer to and make use of any Tables or Lists of Valuation and Revisions thereof whereof any Copies or Copy may have been lodged with you or transmitted to the Board of Guardians of your Union by the Commissioner of Valuation in Ireland. You shall also in like Manner, and with the like Assistance and Information, upon the Margin of the Supplemental List of Persons not appearing in the Copy of the Register, and to be transmitted to me, write legibly opposite the Names respectively of the Persons on such Lists the Names of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, or other Division [as the Case may be], as named and specified in the Forms (Nos. 2, 3.) aforesaid, in which Half Barony, Parish, or other Division or Denomination the Property is situate in respect whereof the Name of such Persons respectively appear on such Supplemental List; and such Copy Register and Supplemental List, with such marginal Additions,

The above to follow Precept No. 8. Schedule (A.) to 13 & 14 Vict. c. 69.

27 & 28 VICT. R shall

122

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c 22.

shall be signed, verified, and transmitted to me by you in like Manner and within the Time prescribed, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-nine, -

No. 2.

County of Polling District of

[State precisely, as published in the Dublin Gazette (if a Half Barony), the Name of the Half, Barony and Parishes or Parts of Parishes or other Denominations therein constituting such new Polling District; or if the Polling District be constituted out of Parts of several Baronies, Town-lands, Parishes, or Parts of Parishes respectively, then state them accordingly as] —

The Townland of in the Parish of and Barony

of # So much of the Parish of as is situate in the Barony

of . The Townlands of in the Parish of

and Barony of . The Parishes of in the Barony of

[as the Case may be].

No. 3.

County of Polling District of

[State precisely, as published in the Dublin Gazette, the Parts or Portions of the Barony or Baronies detached from a former Polling District, and annexed to another Polling District, as thus] —

The Parishes of in the Barony of . So much of the

Parish of as is in the Barony of . The Townlands of

in the Parish of in the Barony of

detached from the Barony of [or Polling District of ]

and annexed to the Barony of [or Polling District of,

as the Case may be"].

No. 4.

Form of Notice of Claim to be given to the Clerk of the Peace,

PURSUANT TO THIS ACT.

County of Polling District of

To the Clerk of the Peace for the County of

I hereby give you notice, That I claim to be inserted in the List for this Polling District of Voters for the County of, and that the Particulars of my Place of

Abode and Qualification are stated in the Columns below.

Dated the Day of in the Year (Signed) A.B.

Christian Name and Surname of the Claimant at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification. Townland or other Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place, and Number of House (if any), and the Parish and Barony where the Property is situate in this Polling District, or Name of the Property, or the Name of the occupying Tenant (if any); or ir the Qualification consist ora Rentcharge, then the Name of the Owner of the Property out of which such Rentcharge issues, and the Parish and Barony. (But if only certain Townlands in the Parish in which the Property is situate be in the Polling District, then state the Townland, Parish, and Barony in which the Property is situate.)

i I

No.

123

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

No. 5,

[The Clerk of the Peace shall, from the Copies of the Register and Supplemental Lists transmitted to him by the Clerks of the respective Unions, select the Names of the Persons entitled to vote in respect of Property in the Polling District, and make out and arrange the Lists in alphabetical Order as provided by this Act, for the Purpose of Revision by the Assistant Barrister, omitting in the Margin opposite each Name the Parish, Townland, or other Division in which the Property is situate, but inserting it in the last Column, and may be thus entitled] —

County of Polling District of

The List of Persons on the Register of Voters and Clerks of the Union Supplemental List as entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County of in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within the Polling

District of

Margin for entering Clerk of the Peace's: Objections, | 1 1 Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. ' 1 Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification. I 1 1 Townland, or other Denomination. Street, Lano, or other like Place, and Number or House (if any), and the Parish and Barony where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property and the Name of the occupying Tenant (if any); or if the Qualification consist of a Rentcharge, the Name of the Owner of the Property out or which such Rentcharge issues, and the Parish and Barony. (But ir only certain Townlands in the Parish in which the Property is situate be In the Polling District, then state the Townland, Parish, and Barony in which the Property is situate.)

1

No. 6.

[If the Polling District be a new or additional District formed out of a Part of a Barony or out of Portions of several Baronies it may be intituled thus] —

County of Polling District of

Copy of the Register (so far as relates to the Polling District of, consisting of

[Here state the several Townlands, Parishes, or other Divisions constituting this Polling District, as declared in the Dublin Gazette]

) of Persons entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members of Parliament for the County of between 30th Day of November 18 and the last Day of

December 18

Margin for entering Clerk of the Peace's Objections as to others than Rated Occupiers. Margin or Column for entering Clerk or the Union's Objections as to Bated Occupiers. Number prefixed to each Name on the Register. Christian Name and Surname of each Person on the Register at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Amount of Qualification or Bating. Townland or other Denomination, 'Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Polling District, and Number of House (if any), and the Parish and Barony where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property and the Name of the Tenant (if any); or if the Qualification consist of a Rentcharge, the Name of the Owner of the Property out or which such Rentcharge issues, or one of them, and the Parish and Barony. (But if only certain Townlands in the Parish in which the Property is situate be in the Polling District, then state the Townland, Parish, and Barony in which the Property is situate.)

i j t i i i | i I 1

R 2 No.

124

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

No. 7.

[If a former Polling District be altered, and a Portion of a Barony or Half Barony has been detached therefrom, and other Portions of a Barony or Baronies annexed thereto, it may be entitled thus] —

County of Polling District of

Copy of the Register (so far as it relates to the Polling District of,

consisting of the Barony of (except the Parishes of

Townlands of in the Parish of [as the Case may

be], and the Parishes of in the Barony of

[Setting out the Names of the several Parishes, Townlands, or other Denominations, as declared in the Dublin Gazette]

) of Persons entitled to vote, &c. (as in No, 6).

The Columns shall be in the like Form as No. 6.

No. 8.

[If a Portion of one Barony or Polling District have been annexed to another Barony it may be entitled thus] —

Copy of the Register (so far as it relates to the Polling District of,

consisting of the Barony of and the Parishes [or Townlands, as the Case

may be'] in the Barony of annexed to such Polling District

[Setting out the Names of the Barony and several Parishes and Townlands annexed, or other Denominations, as declared in the Dublin Gazette]

) of Persons entitled to vote, &c. (as in No, 6).

The Column shall be in like Form as No. 6.

No. 9.

The Endorsement upon the List of each Polling District may be as follows: — County of Polling District of Polling Place

SCHEDULE (B.)

No. 1.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union, in pur

SUANCE OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ACT.

To the Clerk of the Union of County of

Polling District of

In pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 27th and 28th Victoria, Chapter [rtw Act], you are herewith transmitted in the Form (No. 2.) the Name of the Polling District of, and the several Parts and Divisions of the Barony

(or Baronies, as the Case may be,) out of which such Polling District is constituted, and also in the Form (No. 3.) the Name of the Barony, and the Names of the Portions thereof detached from the Polling District of and annexed to the Polling District

of; you are also sent a Copy of the Register of Voters for the present

Year of the Barony of or the Baronies of), from or

out of which such Polling District is constituted, or from which certain Portions are detached and annexed to another Polling District. You shall, within the Space of Ten Days next after the Receipt of such Copy of the Register, after due Inquiry, which you are required to make with the Assistance of the respective Collectors of Poor Rates (which Assistance such respective Collectors are required to give), upon the Copy of the Register

of

125

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 22.

of the Barony or Division of a Barony included in your Union, write legibly in the Margin of such Copy, and opposite the Names respectively of the Persons on such Copy, the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, or other Division (as the Case may be), as named and specified in the said Form (No. 2.) sent herewith, in which Half Barony, Parish, or other Division or Denomination the Property is situate in respect whereof the Names of such Persons respectively appear on such Copy of the Register, and also in like Manner in the Margin of such Copy of the Barony of write legibly opposite

the Names respectively of the Persons on such Copy the Name of the Half Barony, Parish, Townland, or other Division (as the Case may be), as named and specified in the Form (No. 3.) 6ent herewith, in which Half Barony, Parish, or other Division or Denomination the Property is situate in respect whereof the Names of such Persons respectively appear on such Copy of the Register; and for the better enabling you to ascertain, the Half Barony, Parish, or other Division in which such Property respectively may be situate, you are at liberty to refer to and make use of any Tables or Lists of Valuation and Revisions thereof of which any Copies or Copy may have been lodged with you or transmitted to the Board of Guardians of your Union by the Commissioners of Valuation in Ireland; and such Copy of the Register, with such marginal Additions as aforesaid, shall be signed by you, and verified in like Manner, and pursuant to the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-nine, and duly transmitted to me within the said Space of Ten Days.

No. 2.

County of Polling District of

[The Clerk of the Peace shall set out here precisely, as published in the Dublin Gazette, the Particulars directed in the Form No. 2. to the Precept in Schedule (A.) aforesaid.]

No. 3.

County of Polling District of

[The Clerk of the Peace shall set out hero precisely, as published in the Dublin Gazette, the Particulars directed in the Form No. 3. to the Precept in Schedule (A.) aforesaid.]

No. 4.

The Clerk of the Peace shall, from the Copies of the Register transmitted to him by the Clerks of the respective Unions, select the Names of the Persons entitled to vote in respect of Property in the Polling District, and make out and arrange the Lists in the like Manner as directed in Schedule (A. No. 5.), omitting the Supplemental Lists, and shall be entitled as in the said Form in said Schedule, omitting the Supplemental List.

No. 5.

The Clerk of the Peace shall arrange the Lists, and entitle them, and with the same Columns, according to the Forms No. 6, 7, 8. in Schedule (A.) to this Act, or such One or more of them as may be applicable.

No. 6.

The Endorsement upon the List of each Polling District may be as follows: County of Polling District of Polling Place.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 23.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal Enactments relating to Naval Prize of War and Matters connected therewith or with the Discipline or Management of the Navy.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS the Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act relate wholly or 1 " mainly to Naval Prize of War and Matters connected therewith or with the Discipline

or Management of the Navy, and the same either have ceased to be in force, or on the Commencement of The Naval Prize Act, 1864, and The Naval Agency and Distribution Act,

1864, will cease to be in force; and it is therefore expedient that the same be expressly

repealed

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Enactments described in Schedule to this Act (subject to Exceptions, &c.) repealed.

1. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed, subject to the Exceptions in the Schedule mentioned; but the Repeal by this Act of any Enactment shall not affect any Act in which such Enactment has been applied, incorporated, or referred to; nor shall this Act affect the Validity or Invalidity of anything done or suffered, or any Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability acquired or accrued, before the Commencement of this Act; nor shall this Act interfere with the carrying on and finally disposing of any Matter or Thing arising out of any past War in reference to any Enactment hereby repealed, or with the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceeding in respect of any Offence committed against or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any Enactment hereby repealed.

Commencement.

2. This Act shall commence on the Commencement of The Naval Prize Act, 1864, and The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

[Short Title.]

3. This Act may be cited as The Naval Prize Acts Repeal Act, 1864.

6 Ann. c. 13. (c. 65. in The Statutes of the Realm.)

6 Ann. c. 37. (c. 64. in The Statutes of the Realm.)

9 Ann. c. 27. (c. 29. in The Statutes of the Realm.)

10 Ann. c. 22. (c. 30. in The Statutes of the Realm.)

13 Geo. 2. c. 4.

13 Geo. 2. c. 27. -17 Geo. 2. c. 34.

19 Geo. 2. c. 30.

20 Geo. 2. c. 24.

20 Geo. 2. c. 35.

SCHEDULE.

An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

An Act for Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into His Majesty's Service.

An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain.

An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in His Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy.

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

An Act for the better securing the Payment of Shares of Prizes taken from the Enemy to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hospital.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

22 Geo. 2. c. 3.

127

29 Geo. 2. c. 34.

30 Geo. 2. c. 18.

32 Geo. 2. c. 25.

33 Geo. 2. c. 19.

2 Geo. 3. c. 16.

12 Geo. 3. c. 25.

18 Geo. 3. c. 15.

19 Geo. 3. c. 5.

19 Geo. 3. c. 67.

20 Geo. 3. c. 9.

20 Geo. 3. c. 23.

21 Geo. 3. c. 5.

21 Geo. 3. c. 15.

21 Geo. 3. c. 44.

22 Geo. 3. c. 15. -22 Geo. 3. c. 25.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 23.

An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining Appeals in Causes of Prizes.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen," and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy; and for " the better Prevention of Piracies and Robberies by Crews of private Ships of War."

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Prize and Bounty Monies as were appropriated to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy."

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

An Act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last-mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Out-Port to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual " manning His Majesty's Navy and for making further Provision for those Purposes.

An Act for extending the Provisions of Three Acts, made in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth, and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy.

An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from or in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and sold in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

An Act to prohibit the Ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board such Ships or Vessels.

128

23 Geo. 3. c. 57.

33 Geo. 3. c. 66. -35 Geo. 3. c. 121.

37 Geo. 3. c. 109.

38 Geo. 3. c. 38.

41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 76.

41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 96.

43 Geo. 3. c. 134.

43 Geo. 3. c. 160.

45 Geo. 3. c. 72. 48 Geo. 3. c. 100.

48 Geo. 3. c. 132.

49 Geo. 3. c. 123.

53 Geo. 3. c. 63.

54 Geo. 3. c 93.

55 Geo. 3. c. 160.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 23.

An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom for which the Duties are not paid or the Goods exported within a limited Time.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled ' An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectual manning His Majesty's Navy; and for making further Provisions for those Purposes;'" and also an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled u An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy " and effectual manning His Majesty's Navy and for the better Encouragement of Seamen for His Majesty's Navy.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and u for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy and for making further Provision for those Purposes.

An Act for declaring the Validity of Two Orders in Council, dated the Sixth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four and the Thirtieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the Time of appealing in Prize Causes; and for permitting Appeals to be prosecuted after such Time shall have elapsed in such special Causes as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall authorize.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Public Boards in this Kingdom.

An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution of the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money; and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in conjunction with the British.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen; and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

An Act to extend Two Acts of the Forty-fifth and Forty-ninth Years of His present Majesty to American Prizes.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual manning of His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

27° & 28 VICTORIA, c. 23.

129

57 Geo. 3. c. 118. in part.

57 Geo. 3. c. 127.

58 Geo. 3. c. 64.

59 Geo. 3. c. 56. io part.

Geo. 4. c. 85. in port.

10 Geo. 4. c. 25. in part.

An Act for authorizing the Executors or Administrators"! of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, [Bounty Money, and other Allowances of Money upon

Orders given to such deceased Agents -

So far as the same relates to Licences for Receipt of Shares of any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

An Act to settle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty

Money payable to Greenwich Hospital, and for securing to the said Hospital

all unclaimed Shares of Vessels found derelict, and of Seizures for Breach of

Revenue, Colonial, Navigation, and Slave Abolition Laws.

An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize

Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Russian Seamen to his Excellency the Russian Ambassador.

An Act to make further Regulations as to the Payment of 1 # j

Navy Prize Orders - - . J1 P r; 11 7>

So far as the same relates to any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of

The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

An Act to make further Provisions respecting Naval Prize 1 .

Money - . j m part; namely,

So far as the same relates to any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

An Act to provide for the better Management of the Affairs 1 .

of Greenwich Hospital - _ j m part; namely,

Section Eight, so far ns the same relates to Naval Prize Money, or to any Percentage, Deduction, or Payment out of any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864, or to forfeited or unclaimed Shares or Balances of Prize Money, or to any Power, Authority, Right, or Duty relating to Naval Prize, or to any Accounts or Pains or Penalties in any Manner connected therewith. An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich"!

Out-Pensioners and certain Duties in Matters of Prize to >in part; namely, the Treasurer of the Navy -

Section Seventeen and subsequent Sections to the End of the Act, so far as the same respectively relate to forfeited or unclaimed Shares or Balances of Prize Money, or to any Percentage, Deduction, or Payment out of Proceeds of Prizes, or out of Grants to the Royal Navy or Marines, or out of any other Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War, within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864, or to any Power, Authority, Duty, Account, Matter, or Thing concerning Naval Prize Money, or concerning any Grant or other Money distributable as aforesaid, or concerning the Payment, Receipt, or Distribution of or the accounting for the same or any Part thereof, or otherwise in any Manner concerning Naval Prize or Capture.

An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the 1 .

Pay of the Royal Navy - - .)" part; namely,

Section Sixty-six wholly, and the following Sections respectively so far as they relate to any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864; namely, Sections Twenty-two and Forty-seven, Sections Forty-eight to Fifty-two, both inclusive (except so far as tho Five Sections last mentioned respectively relate to Wills or Administrations, or to deceased Officers, Seamen, or Marines), Sections Sixty, Sixty-seven, Seventy, Seventy-two, Seventy-eight, and Seventy-nine, and Sections Eighty-three and Eighty-four (except so far as the Two Sections last-mentioned respectively relate to deceased Officers, Seamen, or Marines).

27 & 28 VICT. S

10 Geo. 4. c. 26. in part.

11 Geo. 4&lWill.4 c. 20. in part.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Power for Admiralty to apply Act to any of Her Majesty's Ships.

Each of Her Majesty's Ships to have an Agent

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 23, 24.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 40. in part.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 40. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 18.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 19. in part.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 116.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Business of')

the Civil Departments of the Navy and to make I in t other Regulations for more effectually carrying on | the Duties of the said Departments -

Sections Twenty and Twenty-two wholly, and the following Sections respectively so far as they relate to any Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War within the Meaning of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864; namely, Sections Four, Eight, Nine, Nineteen, Twenty-one, and Twenty-nine.

An Act to regulate the Disposition of the Naval Prize Balance.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual manning of Her Majesty's Navy during the present War.

An Act for facilitating the Payment of Her Majesty's Navy, and the PayO

ment and Distribution of Prize, Bounty, Salvage, and other Monies to I , _

and amongst the Officers and Crews of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels ? ' of War; and for the better Regulation of the Accounts relating thereto J Except Sections Ten, Eleven, and Twelve, and except Section Thirteen so far as it relates to the paying of the Navy and the keeping of Accounts and Expenses in relation thereto.

An Act to provide for the Appointment of Navy Prize Agents, and respecting their Duties and Remuneration.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to provide for the Appointment, Duties, and Remuneration of Agents for Ships of War, and for the Distribution of Salvage, Bounty, Prize, and other Money among the Officers and Crews thereof.

[23d June 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary,

1. This Act may be cited as The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864

2. In this Act —

The Term " the Lords of the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " the High Court of Admiralty" means the High Court of Admiralty of

England:

The Term " Ship of War" includes Vessel of War:

The Term " Officers and Crew" includes all Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Engineers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others on board any of Her Majesty's Ships of War.

3. Any Ship or Vessel belonging to Her Majesty, and in actual Service, (other than a Ship of War, } may be declared by the Lords of the Admiralty to be a Ship or War for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Provisions of this Act shall thereupon apply to such Ship or Vessel, and shall continue to so apply as long as she then continues in actual Service, but no longer.

Appointment of Ship's Agent.

4. Each of Her Majesty's Ships of War shall at all Times while in Commission have, for the Purposes of this Act, an Agent styled the Ship's Agent, to be appointed in the first instance as soon as may be after the Ship is put in Commission, and afterwards from Time to Time as a Vacancy in the Office or other Occasion may require.

5. The

2P & 28° VICTORIA, c. 24.

5. The Ship's Agent shall be appointed from Time to Time at Pleasure by the Commanding Officer of the Ship for the Time being by an Instrument signed and attested in the Form given in the Schedule to this Act.

6. Any such Instrument shall not have Effect unless and until it is filed in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty, having been previously registered in the Office of the Accountant General of the Navy.

An official Copy of any such Instrument under the Seal of the High Court of Admiralty shall be conclusive Evidence thereof.

7. A Person holding any Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service or under the Crown, or a Proctor, Attorney, or Solicitor, shall not be capable of being a Ship's Agent.

If any Person being a Ship's Agent accepts any such Office or Employment, or becomes a Proctor, Attorney, or Solicitor, his Appointment as Ship's Agent shall be thereby vacated.

8. A Partnership Body, not incorporated, may be appointed a Ship's Agent; and in that Case the Partners for the Time being, or any One or more of them, may act as the Agent; and any Change of Partners shall not affect the Appointment.

The Names of the Partners shall at the Time of Appointment, and from Time to Time on any Change happening, be registered in the Office of the Accountant General of the Navy, and in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty.

9. The Appointment of the Ship's Agent shall not be affected by a Change of the Commanding Officer of the Ship.

10. The Ship's Agent shall at all Times have an Office or Place of Business within Five Miles of the General Post Office, London.

11. The Ship's Agent shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the High Court of Admiralty as if he were an Officer of the Court, and in case of any Neglect or Misconduct on his Part shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

Duties of Ship's Agent.

12. It shall be the Duty of the Ship's Agent, by himself or by a proper Sub-Agent appointed and remunerated by him, to take or cause or procure to be taken all Steps and 'roceedings, and do or cause or procure to be done all Things, that may be necessary or proper to be taken or done for any Purpose on behalf or in the Name of the Ship or of the Officers and Crew thereof, or any of them, in the several Cases following:

In case of Salvage Services rendered to any Ship or Cargo, or otherwise, within the Meaning of the Enactments for the Time being in force relating to Merchant Shipping: In case of any Breach of any Law respecting National Character or otherwise relating to Merchant Shipping:

In case of any Seizure for Breach of any Law relating to the Customs:

In case of any Seizure or Capture under any Act relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

In case of any Matter arising out of an Attack on or Engagement with Persons alleged to be Pirates, afloat or on Shore:

In case of any Capture, Re-capture, or Destruction of any Ship, Goods, or Thing in Time of War or Hostilities:

In case of any Special Service or other Matter in respect whereof any Grant, Reward, or Remuneration is payable.

Distribution of Salvage, Bounty, Pinze, and other Money.

13. Where in any of the several Cases aforesaid any Money is distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War, the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Officers and Crew and of the Ship's Agent, and all other (if any) Costs, Charges, or Expenses properly chargeable against that Money, shall be paid thereout before Distribution

131

Ship's Agent to be appointed by Commanding Officer.

Instrument of Appointment to be registered and filed.

Persons in Service of Crown, Proctors, & c. incapable of being Agents.

Partnership Body may be a Ship's Agent.

Change of

Commanding Officer.

Office of Ship's Agent

Ship's Agent to be amenable to High Court of Admiralty.

Ship's Agent to act for Ship with respect to Salvage, Bounty, Prize, &c.

Taxation and Payment of Costs of Officers and Crew, Agents, &c.

Salvage, Bounty, Prize, and other Money to be distributed according to Order in Council, &c.

Payment of Shares.

Exemption from Stamp Duty,

Forfeited Shares and Deduction of 5 per Cent to be carried to Naval Prize Cash Balance.

Agent may be furnished with Copies of Accounts.

Agent to receive Percentage of 2 J per Cent

Apportionment of Percentage where more than One Ship, or on Change of Agent.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

thereof, all such Costs, Charges, and Expenses being first taxed and allowed by the proper Officer of the Court haying Jurisdiction in the Case, and if there is no such Court then by the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty.

14. In the several Cases aforesaid. Money distributable among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War, so far as full Provision respecting the Distribution thereof is not made by or under any Act of Parliament other than this Act, shall be distributed under the Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty in the Shares in that Behalf specified in any Royal Proclamation or Order in Council

15. The several Shares of any such Money as aforesaid shall be paid to the Persons entitled thereto in such Manner, and subject and according to such Restrictions, Conditions, and Provisions, as may from Time to Time be directed by Order in Council.

Any Assignment, Sale, or Contract of or relating to any such Money as aforesaid, payable in respect of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, other than such as may be made or entered into under the Authority of and in conformity with any such Order in Council, shall be void.

16. All Bills, Orders, Receipts, and other Instruments drawn, given, or made under the Authority or in pursuance of any such Order in Council by, to, or upon any Officer or Person in the Service of Her Majesty or of the Lords of the Admiralty, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty.

17. All forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Balances of Prize Money, and a Per- entag3 of Five Pounds in every One hundred Pounds out of the Proceeds of all Prizes, andout of all Grants to the Royal Navy and Marines, andout of all Bounty Money, and also out of all other Money distributable in the several Cases aforesaid among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War out of which such Percentage is at the Commencement of this Act by Law deducted, shall, under the Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty, continue to be carried to and to form Part of the Naval Prize Cash Balance.

So much of the Naval Prize Cash Balance as the Lords of the Admiralty think expedient shall from Time to Time by Her Majesty's Paymaster General, under the Authority and Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty, be paid and transferred to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

In case at any Time a Claim in respect of Prize or Bounty Money is made which the Naval Prize Cash Balance is not sufficient to meet, there shall be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund a sufficient Sum to meet such Claim.

18. A Ship's Agent shall be entitled, on Request, and on Payment of reasonable Expenses, to be furnished with Copies of or Extracts from any official Accounts kept under or for the Purposes of this Act in relation to any of Her Majesty's Ships of War for which he is Agent.

Remuneration of Ship's Agent

19. Before any such Money as aforesaid is distributed among the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War there shall be paid, under the Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty, to the Ship's Agent a Percentage of Two and a Half per Centum on the net Amount actually distributable, as the sole and full Remuneration of the Ship's Agent for his Services in the Case.

20. In the following Cases, —

Where more than One of Her Majesty's Ships of War are entitled to participate in any such Money, —

Where the Ship's Agent is changed pending Proceedings, — the Ship's Agent's Percentage shall, in case of Difference, be apportioned between or among the respective Agents of the several Ships, or the several Persons having been and being the Ship's Agent (as the Case may be), in such Manner as the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty thinks just, having regard to the Duration and Character of the Services

of

133

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

of the several Agents in the Case, subject to Objection to the Registrar's Award to be taken before the Judge of the Court.

Investment of Salvage, Bounty, Prize, and other Money.

2L Any Money for the Time being awaiting Distribution, but for any Reason not immediately distributable as aforesaid, may, under the Direction of the Lords of the Admiralty, be invested in or on any proper Stocks, Funds, or Securities; and the Proceeds of those Stocks, Funds, or Securities, and any Dividends or Interest accrued due thereon, shall be distributed as the Money invested would have been distributed if an Investment had not been made:

Provided that no such Investment shall be made of any Money pending any adverse Claim thereto, except with the Consent of the Claimant.

Decision as to Distribution or Investment

22. Where any Question (whether in respect of asserted joint Capture, or in respect of Flag Shares, or in respect of any other Matter) arises concerning the Distribution of any Money distributable as aforesaid, or concerning any Investment thereof, actual or intended, the High Court of Admiralty shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to hear and determine the same; and any Person claiming an Interest in such Money, or the Lords of the Admiralty, may apply to the High Court of Admiralty for a Judgment on that Question; and the Court, after hearing the Parties interested, shall decide thereon, and such Decision shall be final, and shall be binding on all Persons concerned.

Miscellaneous.

23. Nothing in this Act shall — *

(1.) authorize a Ship's Agent or his Sub-Agent to practise or *ct as a Prootor, Attorney, Solicitor, or other legal Practitioner in any Court; or

(2.) affect the Right or Power of the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War as Salvors, Seizors, Captors, Re-captors, or otherwise, or of any of such Officers and Crew, to take or cause or procure to be taken any Step or Proceeding, or do or cause or procure to be done any Thing, that may be necessary or proper to be taken or done for any Purpose in any Court or elsewhere, in case of the Absence or Default of the Ship's Agent; or

(3.) affect any Right or Power of Control, or other Authority, that Her Majesty has or may exercise in any Prize Cause or other Proceeding.

24. Nothing in this Act shall invalidate an Appointment of an Agent made before the Commencement of this Act under The Navy Prize Agents Act, 1863; but every Agent so appointed shall, from the Commencement of this Act, be subject to this Act as if he were appointed under it.

25. Her Majesty in Council may from Time to Time make such Orders as seem meet for the better Execution of this Act.

26. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and, if not, then within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

27. This Act shall commence on such Day not later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, as Her Majesty in Council thinks lit to direct.

Power to Admiralty to direct Investment pending Distribution.

Power to High Court of Admiralty to decide Questions relative to Distribution, &c.

Saving Rights of the Crown, Captors, &c.

Not to affect Appointments of Agents under 26 & 27 Vict c. 116.

Power to make Orders in Council.

Orders in Council to be gazetted, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

27°& 28° VICTORIA, c. 24, 25.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Appointment of Ship's Agent.

I, (*) Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's (2)

hereby appoint (s) of (4) to be the Ship's Agent for the Purposes of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

Dated the Day of

Witness, t__ (Signed) A.B.

(Signed) C.D.

(') Name of Officer. I (a) Name of Agent

(*) Description and Name of Ship. | (4) Adress of Agent

CAP. XXV.

An Act for regulating Naval Prize of War.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enact permanently, with Amendments, such Provisions concerning Naval Prize, and Matters connected therewith, as have heretofore been usually passed at the Beginning of a War;

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Naval Prize Act, 1864.

Interpretation 2. In this Act —

of Terms. The Term the Lords of the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " the High Court of Admiralty" means the High Court of Admiralty of

England:

The Term "any of Her Majesty's Ships of War" includes any of Her Majesty's Vessels of War, and any hired armed Ship or Vessel in Her Majesty's Service:

The Term " Officers and Crew " includes Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Engineers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others on board any of Her Majesty's Ships of War:

The Term " Ship " includes Vessel and Boat, with the Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat:

The Term " Ship Papers " includes all Books, Passes, Sea Briefs, Charter Parties, Bills of Lading, Cockets, Letters, and other Documents and Writings delivered up or found on board a captured Ship:

The Term " Goods " includes all such Things as are by the Course of Admiralty and Law of Nations the Subject of Adjudication as Prize (other than Ships).

I. — Prize Courts.

High Court of

3. The High Court of Admiralty, and every Court of Admiralty or of Vice-Admiralty, Admiralty and or other Court exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction in Her Majesty's Dominions, for the Time bePrize*Courts being authorized to take cognizance of and judicially proceed in Matters of Prize, shall be for Purposes of a Prize Court within the Meaning of this Act

Act Every such Court, other than the High Court of Admiralty, is comprised in the Term

" Vice Admiralty Prize Court," when hereafter used in this Act.

High

135

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

High Court of Admiralty.

4. The High Court of Admiralty shall have Jurisdiction throughout Her Majesty's Jurisdiction of Dominions as a Prize Court. of

The High Court of Admiralty as a Prize Court shall have Power to enforce any Order or Decree of a Vice-Admiralty Prize Court, and any Order or Decree of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in a Prize Appeal.

Appeal; Judicial Committee.

5 An Appeal shall lie to Her Majesty in Council from any Order or Decree of a Prize Appeal to Court, as of Right in case of a Final Decree, and in other Cases with the Leave of the c^"i}nin Court making the Order or Decree. what Cases,

Every Appeal shall be made in such Manner and Form and subject to such Regulations (including Regulations as to Fees, Costs, Charges, and Expenses) as may for the Time being be directed by Order in Council, and in the Absence of any such Order, or so far as any such Order does not extend, then in such Manner and Form and subject to such Regulations as are for the Time being prescribed or in force respecting Maritime Causes of Appeal.

0. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council shall have Jurisdiction to hear and jurisdiction of report on any such Appeal, and may therein exercise all such Powers as for the Time being Judicial Com-appertain to them in respect of Appeals from any Court of Admiralty Jurisdiction, and all Prize

such Powers as are under this Act vested in the High Court of Admiralty, and all such Powers as were wont to be exercised by the Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes.

7. All Processes and Documents required for the Purposes of any such Appeal shall be Custody of

transmitted to and shall remain in the Custody of the Registrar of Her Majesty in Prize ^oce88^, c Appeals. apers, c.

8. In every such Appeal the usual Inhibition shall be extracted from the Registry of Limit of Time Her Majesty in Prize Appeals within Three Months after the Date of the Order or Decree for Appeal, appealed from if the Appeal be from the High Court of Admiralty, and within Six Months

after that Date if it be from a Vice-Admiralty Prize Court.

The Judicial Committee may, nevertheless, on sufficient Cause shown, allow the Inhibition to be extracted and the Appeal to be prosecuted after the Expiration of the respective Periods aforesaid.

Vice* Admiralty Prize Courts.

9. Every Vice-Admiralty Prize Court shall enforce within its Jurisdiction all Orders Enforcement of

and Decrees of the Judicial Committee in Prize Appeals and of the High Court of Or<fewof High Admiralty in Prize Causes. Coart *

10. Her Majesty in Council may grant to the Judge of any Vice-Admiralty Prize Salaries of

Court a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds a Year, payable out of Money provided ^?s^Vlce' by Parliament, subject to such Regulations as seem meet PrizeCourts.

A Judge to whom a Salary is so granted shall not be entitled to any further Emolument, arising from Fees or otherwise, in respect of Prize Business transacted in his Court

An Account of all such Fees shall be kept by the Registrar of the Court, and the Amount thereof shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

11. In accordance, as far as Circumstances admit, with the Principles and Regulations Retiring Pen-laid down in The Superannuation Act, 1859, Her Majesty in Council may grant to the sions of Judges, Judge of any Vice-Admiralty Prize Court an annual or other Allowance, to take effect on Vict. c?26.23 the Termination of his Service, and to be payable out of Money provided by Parliament

12. The Registrar of every Vice-Admiralty Prize Court shall, on the First Day of Returns from January and First Day of July in every Year, make out a Return (in such Form as the Vice-Admi-Liords of the Admiralty from Time to Time direct) of all Cases adjudged in the Court since courts"26 the last half-yearly Return, and shall with all convenient Speed send the same to the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, who shall keep the same in the Registry of that

Court,

General Orders for Prize Courts.

Prohibition of Officer of Prize Court acting as Froctor, &c.

Prohibition of Proctors being concerned for adverse Parties in a Cause.

Custody of Prize Ship.

Bringing in of Ship Papers.

Issue of Monition.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Court, and who shall, as soon as conveniently may be, send a Copy of the Returns of each Half Year to the Lords of the Admiralty, who shall lay the same before both Houses of Parliament.

General.

13. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, with the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, may from Time to Time frame General Orders for regulating (subject to the Provisions of this Act) the Procedure and Practice of Prize Courts, and the Duties and Conduct of the Officers thereof and of the Practitioners therein, and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Courts, and the Costs, Charges, and Expenses to be allowed to the Practitioners therein.

Any such General Orders shall have full Effect, if and when approved by Her Majesty in Council, but not sooner or otherwise.

Every Order in Council made under this Section shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Every such Order in Council shall be kept exhibited in a conspicuous Place in each Court to which it relates.

14. It shall not be lawful for any Registrar, Marshal, or other Officer of any Prize Court, or for the Registrar of Her Majesty in Prize Appeals, directly or indirectly to act or be in any Manner concerned as Advocate, Proctor, Solicitor, or Agent, or otherwise, in any Prize Cause or Appeal, on pain of Dismissal or Suspension from Office, by Order of the Court or of the Judicial Committee (as the Case may require).

15. It shall not be lawful for any Proctor or Solicitor, or Person practising as a Proctor or Solicitor, being employed by a Party in a Prize Cause or Appeal, to be employed or concerned, by himself or his Partner, or by any other Person, directly or indirectly, by or on behalf of any adverse Party in that Cause or Appeal, on pain of Exclusion or Suspension from Practice in Prize Matters, by Order of the Court or of the Judicial Committee (as the Case may require).

II. — Procedure in Prize Causes.

Proceedings by Captors.

16. Every Ship taken as Prize, and brought into Port within the Jurisdiction of a Prize Court, shall forthwith, and without Bulk broken, be delivered up to the Marshal of the Court.

If there is no such Marshal, then the Ship shall be in like Manner delivered up to the principal Officer of Customs at the Port.

The Ship shall remain in the Custody of the Marshal, or of such Officer, subject to the Orders of the Court.

17. The Captors shall, with all practicable Speed after the Ship is brought into Port, bring the Ship Papers into the Registry of the Court.

The Officer in Command, or One of the Chief Officers of the capturing Ship, or some other Person who was present at the Capture, and saw the Ship Papers delivered up or found on board, shall make Oath that they are brought in as they were taken, without Fraud, Addition, Subduction, or Alteration, or else shall account on Oath to the Satisfaction of the Court for the Absence or altered Condition of the Ship Papers or any of them.

Where no Ship Papers are delivered up or found on board the captured Ship, the Officer in Command, or One of the Chief Officers of the capturing Ship, or some other Person who was present at the Capture, shall make Oath to that Effect.

18. As soon as the Affidavit as to Ship Papers is filed, a Monition shall issue, returnable within Twenty Days from the Service thereof, citing all Persons in general to show Cause why the captured Ship should not be condemned.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25. 137

19. The Captors shall, with aH practicable Speed after the captured Ship is brought into Examinations Port, bring Three or Four of the principal Persons belonging to the captured Ship before °n Standing the Judge of the Court or some Person authorized in this Behalf, by whom they shall be InterroSatones-examined on Oath on the Standing Interrogatories.

The Preparatory Examinations on the Standing Interrogatories shall, if possible, be concluded within Five Days from the Commencement thereof.

20. After the Return of the Monition, the Court shall, on Production of the Preparatory Adjudication Examinations and Ship Papers, proceed with all convenient Speed either to condemn or to Court release the captured Ship.

21. Where, on Production of the Preparatory Examinations and Ship Paper#, it appears Further Proof, to the Court doubtful whether the captured Ship is good Prize or not, the Court may

direct further Proof to be adduced, either by Affidavit or by Examination of Witnesses, with or without Pleadings, or by Production of further Documents; and on such further Proof being adduced the Court shall with all convenient Speed proceed to Adjudication.

22. The foregoing Provisions, as far as they relate to the Custody of the Ship, and to Custody, &c. Examination on the Standing Interrogatories, shall not apply to Ships of War taken as of Ships of Prize.

Claim.

23. At any Time before Final Decree made in the Cause, any Person claiming an Entry of Claim; Interest in the Ship may enter in the Registry of the Court a Claim, verified on Oath. Security for

Within Five Days after entering the Claim, the Claimant shall give Security for Costs Costs* in the Sum of Sixty Pounds; but the Court shall have Power to enlarge the Time for giving Security, or to direct Security to be given in a larger Sum, if the Circumstances appear to require it.

Appraisement.

24. The Court may, if it thinks fit, at any Time direct that the captured Ship be Power to Court

appraised. direct Ap-

Every Appraisement shall be made by competent Persons sworn to make the same P18 * according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge.

Delivery on Bail.

25. After Appraisement, the Court may, if it thinks fit, direct that the captured Ship Power to Court be delivered up to the Claimant, on his giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Court

to pay to the Captors the appraised Value thereof in case of Condemnation. an?on BeAL* '

Sale.

20. 'The Court may at any Time, if it thinks fit, on account of the Condition of the Power to Court captured Ship, or on the Application of a Claimant, order that the captured Ship be to order Sale, appraised as aforesaid (if not already appraised), and be sold.

27. On or after Condemnation the Court may, if it thinks fit, order that the Ship be Sale on Con-

appraised as aforesaid (if not already appraised), and be sold. demnation.

28. Every Sale shall be made by or under the Superintendence of the Marshal of the How Sales to

Court or of the Officer having the Custody of the captured Ship. "ade-

29. The Proceeds of any Sale, made either before or after Condemnation, and after Con- Payment of demnation the appraised Value of the Raptured Ship, in case she has been delivered up to a Proceeds to Claimant on Bail, shall be paid under an Order of the Court either into the Bank of England to the Credit of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, or into the Hands of an official Ac-Official Accountant (belonging to the Commissariat or some other Department) appointed countant for this Purpose by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or by the Lords of the Admiralty, subject in either Case to such Regulations as may from Time to Time be made,

by Order in Council, as to the Custody and Disposal of Money so paid.

One Adjudication as to several small Ships.

Application of foregoing Provisions to Prise Goods.

Power to Court to call on Captors to proceed to Adjudication.

Person inter-, vening on Appeal to enter Claim.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Small armed Ships.

30. The Captors may include in One Adjudication any Number, not exceeding Six, of armed Ships not exceeding One hundred Tons each, taken within Three Months next before Institution of Proceedings.

Goods.

31. The foregoing Provisions relating to Ships shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to Goods taken as Prize on board Ship; and the Court may direct such Goods to be unladen, inventoried, and warehoused.

Monition to Captors to proceed.

32. If the Captors fail to institute or to prosecute with Effect Proceedings for Adjudication, a Monition shall, on the Application of a Claimant, issue against the Captors, returnable within Six Days from the Service thereof, citing them to appear and proceed to Adjudication; and on the Return thereof the Court shall either forthwith proceed to Adjudication or direct further Proof to be adduced as aforesaid, and then proceed to Adjudication.

Claim on Appeal.

33. Where any Person, not an original Party in the Cause, intervenes on Appeal, he shall enter a Claim, verified on Oath, and shall give Security for Costs.

Jurisdiction of Prize Court in case of Capture in Land Expedition.

Jurisdiction of Prize Court in case of Expedition with Ally.

Restriction on Petitions by asserted joint Captors.

In case of Offence by Captors, Prize

III — Special Cases of Capture.

Land Expeditions.

34. Where, in an Expedition of any of Her Majesty's Naval or Naval and Military Forces against a Fortress or Possession on Land, Goods belonging to the State of the Enemy or to a Public Trading Company of the Enemy exercising Powers of Government are taken in the Fortress or Possession, or a Ship is taken in Waters defended by or belonging to the Fortress or Possession, a Prize Court shall have Jurisdiction as to the Goods or Ship so taken, and any Goods taken on board the Ship, as in case of Prize.

Conjunct Capture with Ally.

35. Where any Ship or Goods is or are taken by any of Her Majesty's Naval or Naval and Military Forces while acting in conjunction with any Forces of any of Her Majesty's Allies, a Prize Court shall have Jurisdiction as to the same as in case of Prize, and shall have Power, after Condemnation, to apportion the due Share of the Proceeds to Her Majesty's Ally, the proportionate Amount and the Disposition of which Share shall be such as may from Time to Time be agreed between Her Majesty and Her Majesty's Ally.

Joint Capture.

36. Before Condemnation, a Petition on behalf of asserted joint Captors shall not (except by special Leave of the Court) be admitted, unless and until they give Security to the Satisfaction of the Court, to contribute to the actual Captors a just Proportion of any Costs, Charges, or Expenses or Damages that may be incurred by or awarded against the actual Captors on account of the Capture and Detention of the Prize.

After Condemnation, such a Petition shall not (except by special Leave of the Court) be admitted unless and until the asserted joint Captors pay to the actual Captors a just Proportion of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred by the actual Captors in the Case, and give such Security as aforesaid, and show sufficient Cause to the Court why their Petition was not presented before Condemnation.

Provided, that nothing in the present Section shall extend to the asserted Interest of a Flag Officer claiming to share by virtue of his Flag.

Offences against Law of Prize.

37. A Prize Court, on Proof of any Offence against the Law of Nations, or against this Act, or any Act relating to Naval Discipline, or against any Order in Council or Royal

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25. 139

Proclamation, or of any Breach of Her Majesty's Instructions relating to Prize, or of any to be reserved Act of Disobedience to the Orders of the Lords of the Admiralty, or to the Command of a for Superior Officer, committed by the Captors in relation to any Ship or Goods taken as Prize, or in relation to any Person on board any such Ship, may, on Condemnation, reserve the Prize to Her Majesty's Disposal, notwithstanding any Grant that may have been made by Her Majesty in favour of Captors.

Pre-emption.

38. Where a Ship of a Foreign Nation passing the Seas laden with Naval or Victualling Purchase by Stores intended to be carried to a Port of any Enemy of Her Majesty is taken and brought Admiralty for into a Port of the United Kingdom, and the Purchase for the Service of Her Majesty o^StorwTon06 of the Stores on board the Ship appears to the Lords of the Admiralty expedient without board Foreign the Condemnation thereof in a Prize Court, in that Case the Lords of the Admiralty Ships, may purchase, on the Account or for the Service of Her Majesty, all or any of the Stores on board the Ship; and the Commissioners of Customs may permit the Stores purchased to be entered and landed within any Port.

Capture by Ship other than a Ship of War.

39. Any Ship or Goods taken as Prize by any of the Officers and Crew of a Ship other Prizes taken by than a Ship of War of Her Majesty shall, on Condemnation, belong to Her Majesty in Her Ships other Office of Admiralty. # C1"w'" -

IV. — Prize Salvage.

than Ships of War to be Droits of Admiralty.

40. Where any Ship or Goods belonging to any of Her Majesty's Subjects, after being Salvage to taken as Prize by the Enemy, is or are retaken from the Enemy by any of Her Majesty's Re-aiptors of Ships of War, the same shall be restored by Decree of a Prize Court to the Owner, on his or

paying as Prize Salvage One Eighth Part of the Value of the Prize to be decreed and Enemy, ascertained by the Court, or such Sum not exceeding One Eighth Part of the estimated Value of the Prize as may be agreed on between the Owner and the Re-captors, and approved by Order of the Court: Provided, that where the Re-capture is made under Circumstances of special Difficulty or Danger, the Prize Court may, if it thinks fit, award to the Re-captors as Prize Salvage a larger Part than One Eighth Part, but not exceeding in any Case One Fourth Part, of the Value of the Prize.

Provided also, that where a Ship after being so taken is set forth or used by any of Her Majesty's Enemies as a Ship of War, this Provision for Restitution shall not apply, and the Ship shall be adjudicated on as in other Cases of Prize.

41. Where a Ship belonging to any of Her Majesty's Subjects, after being taken as Prize Permission to by the Enemy, is retaken from the Enemy by any of Her Majesty's Ships of War, she may, re-captured with the Consent of the Re-captors, prosecute her Voyage, and it shall not be necessary for the Re-captors to proceed to Adjudication till her Return to a Port of the United °yage' Kingdom.

The Master or Owner, or his Agent, may, with the Consent of the Re-captors, unload and dispose of the Goods on board the Ship before Adjudication.

In case the Ship does not, within Six Months, return to a Port of the United Kingdom, the Re-cnptors may nevertheless institute Proceedings against the Ship or Goods in the High Court of Admiralty, and the Court may thereupon award Prize Salvage as aforesaid to the Re-captors, and may enforce Payment thereof, either by Warrant of Arrest against the Ship or Goods, or by Monition and Attachment against the Owner.

V. — Prize Bounty.

42. If, in relation to any War, Her Majesty is pleased to declare, by Proclamation or Prize Bounty Order in Council, Her Intention to grant Prize Bounty to the Officers and Crews of Her to Officers and Ships of War, then such of the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War as are actually present at the taking or destroying of any armed Ship of any of Her Majesty's with an Enemy.

Ascertainment of Amount of Prize Bounty by Decree of Prize Court.

Payment of Prize Bounty awarded.

Power for regulating Hansom by Order in Council.

Punishment of Masters of Merchant Vessels under Convoy disobeying Orders or deserting Convoy.

Prize Ships and Goods liable to Duties and Forfeiture.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Enemies shall be entitled to have distributed among them as Prize Bounty a Sum calculated at the Rate of Five Pounds for each Person on board the Enemy's Ship at the Beginning of the Engagement.

43. The Number of the Persons so on board the Enemy's Ship shall be proved in a Prize Court, either by the Examinations on Oath of the Survivors of them, or of any Three or more of the Survivors, or if there is no Survivor by the Papers of the Enemy's Ship, or by the Examinations on Oath of Three or more of the Officers and Crew of Her Majesty's Ship, or by such other Evidence as may seem to the Court sufficient in the Circumstances.

The Court shall make a Decree declaring the Title of the Officers and Crew of Her Majesty's Ship to the Prize Bounty, and stating the Amount thereof.

The Decree shall be subject to Appeal as other Decrees of the Court.

44. On Production of an official Copy of the Decree the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall, out of Money provided by Parliament, pay the Amount of Prize Bounty decreed, in such Manner as any Order in Council may from Time to Time direct.

VI. — Miscellaneous Provisions.

Ransom.

45. Her Majesty in Council may from Time to Time, in relation to any War, ipalce such Orders as may seem expedient, according to Circumstances, for prohibiting or allowing, wholly or in certain Cases, or subject to any Conditions or Regulations or otherwise, as may from Time to Time seem meet, the ransoming or the entering into any Contract or Agreement for the ransoming of any Ship or Goods belonging to any of Her Majesty's Subjects, and taken as Prize by any of Her Majesty's Enemies.

Any Contract or Agreement entered into, and any Bill, Bond, or other Security given for Ransom of any Ship or Goods, shall be under the exclusive Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty as a Prize Court (subject to Appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council), and if entered into or given in contravention of any such Order in Council shall be deemed to have been entered into or given for an illegal Consideration.

If any Person ransoms or enters into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Goods, in contravention of any such Order in Council, he shall for every such Offence be liable to be proceeded against in the High Court of Admiralty at the Suit of Her Majesty in Her Office of Admiralty, and on Conviction to be fined, in the Discretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds.

Convoy.

46. If the Master or other Person having the Command of any Ship of any of Her Majesty's Subjects, under the Convoy of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War, wilfully disobeys any lawful Signal, Instruction, or Command of the Commander of the Convoy, or without Leave deserts the Convoy, he shall be liable to be proceeded against in the High Court of Admiralty at the Suit of Her Majesty in Her Office of Admiralty, and upon Conviction to be fined, in the Discretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, and to suffer Imprisonment for such Time, not exceeding One Year, as the Court may adjudge.

Customs Duties and Regulations.

47. All Ships and Goods taken as Prize and brought into a Port of the United Kingdom shall be liable to and be charged with the same Rates and Charges and Duties of Customs as under any Act relating to the Customs may be chargeable on other Ships and Goods of the like Description; and

All Goods brought in as Prize which would on the voluntary Importation thereof be liable to Forfeiture or subject to any Restriction under the Laws relating to the Customs, shall be deemed to be so liable and subject, unless the Commissioners of Customs see fit

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25. 141

to authorize the Sale or Delivery thereof for Home Use or Exportation, unconditionally or subject to such Conditions and Regulations as they may direct.

48. Where any Ship or Goods taken as Prize is or are brought into a Port of the United Regulations of

Kingdom, the Master or other Person in charge or command of the Ship which has been taken m

or in which the Goods are brought shall, on Arrival at such Port, bring to at the proper prize ships Place of Discharge, and shall, when required by any Officer of Customs, deliver an Account and Goods, in Writing under his Hand concerning such Ship and Goods, giving such Particulars

relating thereto as may be in his Power, and shall truly answer all Questions concerning such Ship or Goods asked by any such Officer, and in default shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, such Forfeiture to be enforced as Forfeitures for Offences against the Laws relating to the Customs are enforced, and every such Ship shall be liable to such Searches as other Ships are liable to, and the Officers of the Customs may freely go on board such Ship and bring to the Queen's Warehouse any Goods on board the same, subject, nevertheless, to such Regulations in respect of Ships of War belonging to Her Majesty as shall from Time to Time be issued by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

49. Goods taken as Prize may be sold either for Home Consumption or for Exportation; Power for and if in the former Case the Proceeds thereof, after Payment of Duties of Customs, are Treasury to insufficient to satisfy the just and reasonable Claims thereon, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may remit the whole or such Part of the said Duties as they Bee fit. tain Cases.

Perjury.

50. If any Person wilfully and corruptly swears, declares, or affirms falsely in any Punishment of Prize Cause or Appeal, or in any Proceeding under this Act, or in respect of any Matter Rewons guilty required by this Act to be verified on Oath, or suborns any other Person to do so, he shall ° ei; )ury* be deemed guilty of Perjury, or of Subornation of Perjury (as the Case may be), and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

Limitation of Actions, &c.

51. Any Action or Proceeding shall not lie in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions Actions against against any Person acting under the Authority or in the Execution or intended Execution Rereons exe-or in pursuance of this Act for any alleged Irregularity or Trespass, or other Act or Thing te^rought* done or omitted by him under this Act, unless Notice in Writing (specifying the Cause of without Notice, the Action or Proceeding) is given by the intending Plaintiff or Prosecutor to the intended &c-Defendant One Month at least before the Commencement of the Action or Proceeding, nor

unless the Action or Proceeding is commenced within Six Months next after the Act or Thing complained of is done or omitted, or, in case of a Continuation of Damage, within Six Months next after the doing of such Damage has ceased.

In any such Action the Defendant may plead generally that the Act or Thing complained of was done or omitted by him when acting under the Authority or in the Execution or intended Execution or in pursuance of this Act, and may give all special Matter in Evidence; and the Plaintiff shall not succeed if Tender of sufficient Amends is made by the Defendant before the Commencement of the Action; and in case no Tender has been made, the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court in which the Action is brought, at any Time pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, whereupon such Proceeding and Order shall be had and made in and By the Court as may be had and made on the Payment of Money into Court in an ordinary Action; and if the Plaintiff does not succeed in the Action, the Defendant shall receive such full and reasonable Indemnity as to all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred in and about the Action as may be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, subject to Review; and though a Verdict is given for the Plaintiff in the Action he shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial is had certifies his Approval of the Action.

Any such Action or Proceeding against any Person in Her Majesty's Naval Service, or in the Employment of the Lords of the Admiralty, shall not be brought or instituted elsewhere than in the United Kingdom.

Petitions

Jurisdiction of High Court of Admiralty on Petitions of Kight in certain Cases, as in 23 & 24 Vict. c. 34.

Power to make Orders in Council.

Order in Council to be gazetted. See.

Not to affect Rights of Crown; Effect of Treaties, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Petitions of Right

52. A Petition of Right, under The Petitions of Right Act, 1860, may, if the Suppliant thinks fit, be intituled in the High Court of Admiralty, in case the Subject Matter of the Petition or'any material Part thereof arises out of the Exercise of any Belligerent Right on Behalf of the Crown, or would be cognizable in a Prize Court within Her Majesty's Dominions if the same were a Matter in dispute between private Persons.

Any Petition of Right under the last-mentioned Act, whether intituled in the High Court of Admiralty or not, may be prosecuted in that Court if the Lord Chancellor thinks fit so to direct.

The Provisions of this Act relative to Appeal, and to the framing and Approval of General Orders for regulating the Procedure and Practice of the High Court of Admiralty, shall extend to the Case of any such Petition of Right intituled or directed to be prosecuted in that Court; and, subject thereto, all the Provisions of The Petitions of Right Act, 1860, shall apply, mutatis mutandis, in the Case of any such Petition of Right; and for the Purposes of the present Section the Terms "Court" and "Judge" in that Act shall respectively be understood to include and to mean the High Court of Admiralty and the Judge thereof, and other Terms shall have the respective Meanings given to them in that Act.

Orders in Council\

53. Her Majesty in Council may from Time to Time make such Orders in Council as seem meet for the better Execution of this Act.

54. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and, if not, then within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

Savings.

55. Nothing in this Act shall —

(1.) give to the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships of War any Right or Claim in or to any Ship or Goods taken as Prize or the Proceeds thereof, it being the Intent of this Act that such Officers and Crews shall continue to take only such Interest (if any) in the Proceeds of Prizes as may be from Time to Time granted to them by the Crown; or

(2.) affect the Operation of any existing Treaty or Convention with any Foreign Power; or

(3.) take away or abridge the Power of the Crown to enter into any Treaty or Convention with any Foreign Power containing any Stipulation that may seem meet concerning any Matter to which this Act relates; or

(4.) take away, abridge, or control, further or otherwise than as expressly provided by this Act, any Right, Power, or Prerogative of Her Majesty the Queen in right of Her Crown, or in right of Her Office of Admiralty, or any Right or Power of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral; or

(5.) take away, abridge, or control, further or otherwise than as expressly provided by this Act, the Jurisdiction or Authority of a Prize Court to take cognizance of and judicially proceed upon any Capture, Seizure, Prize, or Reprisal of any Ship or Goods, and to hear and determine the same, and, according to the Course of Admiralty and the Law of Nations, to adjudge and condemn any Ship or Goods, or any other Jurisdiction or Authority of or exerciseable by a Prize Court.

Commencement

58. This Act shall commence on the Commencement of The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864.

143

.27°. & 28° VICTORIA, c. 26.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Southampton, Brighton, Hexham, Oswaldtwistle, Bolton, Ashford, Oswestry, Fareham, Cowes, and

Wilton.

[23d Jime 1864.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local

Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the

Schedules to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act, that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further (Provision made in relation thereto Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were one Act

3. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Southampton. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Aigreement

2. Brighton. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements.

3. Hexham. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements and other Purposes.

4. Oswaldtwistle. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Land.

5. Bolton. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Land.

6. Ashford. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District.

7. Oswestry. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District.

8. Fareham. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

9. West Cowes. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

10. Wilton. — Altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District

SOUTHAMPTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Southampton Local Board of Health District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Southampton have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government. Act, 1858, and after

complying

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

144

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board of Health, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises for the purpose of street improvements.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed inquiry, and report has been duly made to me thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of Health for the said District of Southampton shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this 9th day of March 1864.

(Signed) G. Gbey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in tho preceding Order, and situate in the District of Southampton, are the following.

Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

No. 128, High Street - Abraham Gallienc Thomas Jennings Foord. - Edward Cocks.

No. 129, High Street - Matthew Davis ' Thomas S. Strawbridge, Esq., and the National Provincial Bank of England.

No. 11, French Street The Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, Oxford. John Doddreall John Doddreall.

Tenement at the Rear The Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, Oxford. John Doddreall Edwin Edmunds. John Doddreall.

No. 10, French Street Tho Provost and Scholars of Queen's College, Oxford. Henry Hooper, William Jones. —

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

145

Lands, &c. Owners Lessees

proposed to be taken. or reputed Owners. or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

r

Thomas Bradby

Three Tenements, Sheds, Storehouses, Yards, and Court, < fronting towards Marine Parade

Thomas Bradby

Thomas Bradby

Thomas Bradby

Tenements, Sheds, "] Storehouses, Court and Yard, fronting I towards Longcroft f Street and Marine I Parade -

Joseph Squibb -

I Messrs. Bowman and Withers, Executors of William Grace.

Messrs. Bowman and Withers, Executors of William Grace.

Messrs. Bowman and Withers, Executors of William Grace.

Messrs. Bowman and Withers, Executors of William Grace.

Robert Crouch.

Michael Martin.

Abraham Johnson.

Messrs. Bowman and Withers, Executors of William Grace.

Joseph Squibb.

BRIGHTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Brighton Local Board District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Brighton in the county of Sussex, under the Local Government Act, 1858, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the said Act, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to make improvements in certain streets, &c. within the said district, and for the purposes set forth in such petition under the Local Government Act, 1858, and shown upon the plans accompanying such petition.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed the inspector appointed for the purpose to visit the said district, and the said inspector inquired in the district aforesaid into the subject matter of such petition, and has duly reported thereon:

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Brighton shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Second day of April 1864.

(Signed) G. Grey;

27 & 28 Vict. U

146

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Brighton, are the following:

PLAN A.

No. on Flan A. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. 1 Occupiers.

Queen's Road Improvement.

1 House, Passage, Yard, and Sheds (Odd Fellows Arms). Thomas Attree Francis Hallett - I William Jones.

2 Slaugh ter-houses, Sheds, and Yard. Michael Hills and Richard Hills. - Michael Hills and Richard Hills.

3 Office and Land Philip Hedgcock - Unoccupied.

4 Slaughter-house, Shed, and Yard. Alfred Courtney Elliott. Alfred Courtney Elliott.

5 Slaughter-house, Sheds, and Yard. Robert Jenner - William Duke Elliott.

6 House, Shop, and Yard. Philip Hedgcock William Skeats William Skeats.

7 House, Shop, and Yard. Philip Hedgcock North Street Imp\ John Alfred Brown - | rovement. 1 John Alfred Brown, Charles Carpenter.

8 White Lion Hotel Tap, Stables, &c. James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt. Francis Incledon Vincent. Francis Incledon Vincent.

9 Carriageway and Yard. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Brighton. James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt. Francis Incledon Vincent. Francis Incledon Vincent, James Pollard, and Richard Pollard.

10 Stables and Coachhouse of White Lion Hotel. James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt. Francis Incledon Vincent. Francis Incledon Vincent.

11 House, Concert-room, and Privy. William Green % Alfred John Ottaway Thomas Charles.

12 House and Shop Edward Guillaume - Henry Mullens Henry Mullens, Jacob Szapira.

13 House and Shop Alfred John Ottaway and James Albert Freeman. Unoccupied.

14 Passage and Yard - David Barnard, William Green, Alfred John Ottaway and James Albert Freeman. David Barnard, Alfred John Ottaway. David Barnard and Thomas Charles.

15 House, Shop, and Outhouse. David Barnard - David Barnard.

16 Warehouse, Yard, and Shed. William Shelley David Barnard David Barnard.

147

No. on Plan A. Description of Lands, Messuages. Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

17 Cant Bow Windows of Unicorn Inn, fronting North Street. Henry Smithers William Coulstock - William Coulstock.

18 Portion of House and Shop. \ Henry Chapman and Richard Noakes (Executors of Will of Smith, deceased,) and Elizabeth Smith. John Scarborow Charles Guildford, Otho Guildford.

19 Portion of House, ' Shop, and Warehouse. Henry Chapman and Richard Noakes (Executors of Will of Smith, deceased,) and Elizabeth Smith. John Scarborow John Scarborow.

West Street Improvement.

20 House, Shop, Yard, and Outhouses. Thomas Crunden -

21 House, Shed, and Yard. Thomas Crunden -

22 House, Shop, Garden, Pigstyes, Sheds, and Slaughterhouses. John Hart.

23 House, Shop, Yard, and Sheds. John Hart 1 j Duke Street Imp -1 i rovement.

24 House and Area (the Albany Tavern). Thomas Wisden George Gallard -

25 House, Shop, and Area. Mary Hewitt - 1

26 House, Shop, and Yard. John Mayntum ' ' j

27 House, Shop, and Yard. John Mayntum John Stoner - - 1 i

28 House, Shop, and Yard. Lydia Bates - James Fiest -

29 House, Shop, and Yard. Lydia Bates - James Fiest i

30 House and Yard Lydia Bates -

31 Yard, Sheds, and Dancing-room. John Hart -

32 Shop and Warehouse John Hart - l

33 House and Shop Richard Patching - William Germain

34 Sheds, Workshop, Office, and Portion of Yard. Richard Patching - 1

35 House and Shop Richard Patching - i

36 House, Shop, and Yard. Henry King -

37 House, Shop, and Yard. William Russell and Thomas Smith (Devisees in Trust under Will of John Knapp, deceased).

Francis Francis.

David Nisbett. Elisa Hyatt. John Hart.

John William Staples.

Andrew Ledigo.

William Sicklemore.

William Bourne.

William Cross.

Anne Beaty.

Eardley Gates.

Eardley Gates.

John Hart and Charles Webb. Edward Watkins. William Germain. Richard Patching.

George Worsley, junior.

Henry King.

George Mahon.

148

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26

No. on Plan A. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

37a House, Yard, and Privy. Richard Patching - - Thomas Spicer.

37 b House, Yard, Passage, and Privy. Richard Patching - William Stringer.

37c House, Yard, and Passage. Richard Patching - - William Pentecost.

38 House, Shop, Yard, and Sheds. William Russell and Thomas Smith (Devisees in Trust under Will of John Knapp, deceased). Adolf Neiman Adolf Neiman. c

39 House and Yard William Russell and Thomas Smith (Devisees in Trust under Will of John Knapp, deceased). Thomas Phillips William Allen.

40 , Yard, Shed, and Warehouse. William Russell and Thomas Smith (Devisees in Trust under Will of John Knapp, deceased). Thomas Phillips Thomas Phillips.

40a Shed and Closet, and Portion of Yard. William Russell and Thomas Smith (Deyisees in Trust under Will of John Knapp, deceased). Joseph Ellis - William Hunt.

PLAN B.

j No. on i Plan B. j j Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and j Premises. 1 Owners I or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

i 1

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

10

11

12

Portion of Forecourt Portion of Forecourt Portion of Forecourt House, Yard, and Outhouses.

Shed and Land House and Shop Portion of Barrack-yard and Sheds. Portion of Land Slaughter-houses, Yards, Sheds, and Land.

Y ard (leading t o W ork-shops and Stables belonging to William Hatcher).

Coal Shed

Back-yard and passage leading to same.

North Lane Improvement.

Jane Hall ...

William Russell - John Bonamy

William Russell -

Henry Robinson

John May Beves -

John May Beves -

Charles Scrase Dickens War Department

Harry Tuppen -

Harry Tuppen -

William Hatcher

William Hatcher -

George Cager, Edwin Howell, William Fisk, and George Catt.

- Mary Maria Roberts.

- John Bonamy.

- William Russell.

- Eliza Cabrow.

- Sarah Wickens.

- Rebecca Peters.

- War Department.

Henry Lin tot t. Henry Lintott.

- William Read, Ed-

ward Arnold, and Edwin Luckens.

- John Davis.

- Jane Martin, Ellen

Sergeant, Robert Clark, William Rice, Edward Port, and Sarah Ticehurst.

o. on

an B.

r- — 1

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

20a

20 b

21

22

23

24

25

25 a

25 b

25 c

26

27

28

29

30

30a

305

31

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Yard, and Bakehouse.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

Yard

House, Yard, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Yard, Washhouse, and Privy.

House, Shop, Yard, and Outhouse.

House, Shop, Yard, and Privy.

House, Yard, and Privy.

House, Yard, and Privy.

House, Yard, and Privy.

House, Shop, Yard, and Outhouse.

Passage (leading to Y ard and W orkshop belonging to Henry Verrall and John Butcher).

House, Shop, Yard, and Outhouses.

House, Shop, Passage, Yard, and Outhouses.

House, Shop, Area, Yard, and Outhouses.

House, Area, Yard, Wash-house, and Privy.

House, Area, Yard, Wash-house, and Privy.

The " Dorset Anns " Inn, Tap, Yard, and Outhouses.

Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

George Gager -

George Cager -

George Cager -

EdwinYIowell.

William Fisk -

George Gager.

George Catt -

William Snelling -

William Snelling, Thomas Knight.

George Hoare.

William Snelling -

Thomas Knight.

George Cheesman -

William Fennell.

William Wickenden.

William Wickenden.

Henry Parsons, j u n ior -

Henry Parsons, junior -

Henry Yerrall and John Butcher. Henry Verrall and John Butcher.

Henry Verrall and Jolin Butcher. Ann Allfrey and James Allfrey.

Ann Allfrey and James Allfrey.

Ann Allfrey and James Allfrey.

William Barnard -

Jane Smith, William Brimble Smith, and Isaac Smith. Harriet Thorpe

150

No. on Plan B. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

31a House, Area, Yard, and Outhouses. William Barnard - Edward Warren.

32 House, Shop, and Shed Mary Law William Kirkham, William Balcombe. William Balcombe.

33 House, Shop, and Yard Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, --- Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, Frederick Wooldridge, Richard Aldred and Mrs. Aldred. Frances South.

33 a House and Yard . Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, Frederick Wooldridge, Richard Aldred and Mrs. Aldred. Frances South and Adam Taylor.

33 b House and Yard Arthur Douglas Wagner* Mary Morling, George Mason, Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, Frederick Wooldridge, and James Henry Mills. Samuel Carter.

34 House and Shop Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, Frederick Wooldridge, and Richard Field. Louisa Harris.

34a House and Shop Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, Frederick i Wooldridge, and John Ashdown. Richard Newnham.

34 b House, Yards, Outhouses, and Washhouse. Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, — Rey nolds, Susan Reynolds, and Frederick Wooldridge. Frederick Wool* dridge.

34 c House and Forecourt Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, Reynolds, Susan Reynolds, and Frederick Wooldridge. William Byshe.

35 House and Yard John Cozens - - John Cozens.

35a House - Richard Sayers and Eliza Sayers. - Richard Sayers.

355 House and Yard Jesse Knight and John Lempriere (Devisees in Trust under Will of William Lempriere, deceased,) and Elizabeth Lempriere. J John Scrase.

35c House and Yard Jesse Knight and John Lempriere (Devisees in Trust under Will of William Lempriere, deceased,) and Elizabeth Lempriere. b Thomas Brayne. v

No. on Plan B. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Own era or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

, 3 5d House Jesse Knight - and John Lempriere (Devisees in Trust under Will of - William Lempriere, deceased,) and Elizabeth Lempriere. ' John Collier. i

36 House and Yard Arthur Douglas Wagner. Mary Morling, George Mason, and George William Sawyer. Mary Morling, George Mason, and Field. John Todman;

36a House and Yard Arthur Douglas Wagner. Joseph Brown.

366 House, Yard, and Privy. Arthur Douglas Wagner. Hugh Bray James Atherall.

36c House, Yard, and Privy. Arthur Douglas Wagner. Hugh Bray - William Hards.

3 6d House, Yard, and Privy. Arthur Douglas Wagoner. Mary Morling, George Mason, and Thomas Holman. John Manners.

37 House, Shop, and Wash-house. James Ridge - i Robert Sayers.

37 a Yard and Passage - James Ridge - i Robert Sayers, John Bowell, Jonathan Salvage, James Yates, Caroline

Hook, and Thomas Tugwell.

38 House James Ridge - - John Bowell.

38a House and Privy James Ridge - - Jonathan Salvage.

38 b House and Privy James Ridge - - James Yates.

38 c House and Privy James Ridge - - Caroline Hook.

3 Sd House and Privy j James Ridge - - Thomas Tugwell.

39 Portion of Hou& | Fanny Weaklin 1 - Henry Streeter.

40 Portion of House i Fanny Weaklin . Thomas Bennett.

41 Portion of House James Ridge (Executor of Will of late Richard Coppard). Isabella Beck.

42 Portion of House, and of Yard leading to Foundry at Back. Charles Burrell and Mrs. Burrell. James Patton.

43 Portion of House and Shop. Charles Burrell and Mrs. Burrell. m Thomas Rooker.

Portion of House and Shop. Henry Holloway > Robert Palmer.

45 Portion of Warehouse (North Lane). James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt. James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt.

46 House, Yard, and Garden. Richard Dill, M.D., George Homewood, - William Walker, and John Sawyer (Trustees for the Presbyterian Chapel). Rev. Peter Mac-laren.

47 House and Workshop George William Sawyer. George Coleman Ainthony Doyle, Ellis Smith, George Carwar-dine, and William Coppard *

152

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26

No. on Plan B. Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owners or reputed Owners. Leasees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

48 House, Yard, and Garden. - Henry Martin Jesse Baker.

49 House, Yard, and Garden. m m m Henry Martin Thomas Brown.

50 House, Yard, and Outhouses, "Three Jolly Butchers." James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt Thomas Wiggins.

51 Portion of Skittle-ground and Shed. George Richardson - James Vallance, Charles Vallance, Charles Catt, and Henry Catt. Thomas Wiggins.

52 Portion of Yard and Workshops. George Richardson - Joseph Anscombe - Joseph Anscombe, Edwin Long, and William Richardson.

53 Portion of House and Forecourt. Elizabeth Palmer and Co. m m Joseph Hunter.

54 Office and Portion of Foundry and Yard. House, Yard, and Outhouse. Elizabeth Palmer and Co. m m m Elizabeth Palmer and Co.

55 Thomas Charlwood - Oliver Weston Richard Marchant.

56 House, Yard, and Outhouse. Thomas Charlwood - Oliver Weston Robert Calvert.

56a Yard, Stable, and Sheds. Thomas Charlwood - Oliver Weston William Pepper.

57 House, Yard, Outhouses, &c. "The Dolphin Inn." William Grover Ashby and Silvan us Ashby. W M Joseph Knight.

58 House, Yard, and Outhouse. George Cheesman - mm m m Thomas Coster.

59 House, Yard, and Outhouses. Isaac Bussey and Freeman Newington (Devisees in Trust under Will of William Good, deceased,) and Somers Clarke. John Mamer Charles Burrell.

60 House and Shop Spencer Weston - Spencer Weston and Oliver Weston.

61 House - Harry Tuppen ... John Russell.

62 Portion of Slaughterhouse and Yard. Harry Tuppen - John Botting.

63 House and Shop John Peters - Henry Ratty.

64 House, Yard, and Outhouses. Jane Mary Good, George Reeds, and Lewis Slight, junior, (Executrix and Executors under Will of John Good, deceased). William Sinden William Sinden.

65 Coach-house - John Peters - — mm Henry Ratty, Frederick Dine.

66 Smith's Shop - John Peters Henry Ratty, John Nobbs.

HEXHAM.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

HEXHAM.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Hexham Local Board of Health District for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, under the Local Government Act, 1858, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the said Act, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises for the purpose of constructing a Storage Reservoir and other works for supplying water to the said District, and also certain sewerage works therein.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land, &c. intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, &c. who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, &c., be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of Health for the said District of Hexham shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Sixteenth day of April 1864.

(Signed) G. Gret.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Hexham, are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board.

Lands proposed to be taken. No. on Plan. Owners. Lessees and Occupiers.

Longlands Do. - - Battocks Middle Shield f 620 1 a 626 628 629 f 627 1 720 f 1 James Donaldson Bell Robert Bell Williams and Charles Williams. Elizabeth Kireopp Jonathan Bell Edward Bell. William Beverley Ridley and John Ridley. William Lyon. George Oxley.

Hole and Intake - 719 1 717 _ 716 - 230 Matthew Smith ... Thomas Telford.

Lands near Tyne Mills 4 231 232 Wentworth Blackett Beaumont Thomas Dixon.

27 & 28 VICT.

X

OSWALD-

154

2 7"& 28" VICTORIA, c. 26.

OSWALDTWISTLE.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, icithin the Oswaldtwistle Local Board District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Oswaldtwistle, in the County of Lancaster, under the Local Government Act, 1858, have, in pursuance of the provision of the 75th Section of the said Act, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of constructing Reservoirs and other works for supplying water to the said District,

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land, &c. intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, &c. who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, &c. be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Oswaldtwistle shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Second day of April 1864.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order. OSWALDTWISTLE WATERWORKS, COUNTY OF LANCASTER SCHEDULE of Lands required for the Construction of proposed Reservoirs and other Works.

Noe. Owners. j l Occupiers. | 1 Description of Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Quantities. A. R. P.

1 John Hoyle - John Barnes Plantation and Stream - 0 3 12

la Executors of late James Simpson Lawrence Walsh Field, Meadow 0 0 12

2 3 George Haworth Do. - James Holden -Do. Field and Stream Field and Building. 1 2 16

4 John Hoyle John Barnes Meadow 0 2 27

5 George Walrasley George Rishton - Field - 0 1 28

6 George Haworth James Holden - Rough Pasture and part of Stream. 0 1 31

7 Do. Do. Rough Pasture, Stream, and Plantation. 0 0 24

8 Do. - Do. Pasture and Plantation 1 3 144

9 10 11 12 Do. ... Do. -Executors of late James Simpson Do. Do. Do. (and others) -John Jackson Do. Meadow Occupation Road. Plantation. Field. 0 1 34

13 14 Do. - . John Hoyle - Do. George Clegg - Pasture, Occupation Road, and Stream. Pasture and Occupation Road. 0 2 22

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

155

Nos. Owners. Occupiers. Description of Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Quantities. A. K. P.

15 16 Executors of late James Simpson John Hoyle - Joseph Green Henry Briggs Part of Garden. Meadow - - 3 1 36

17 Occupation Road and 0 0 17

18 Executors of late James Simpson John Whitworth part of Brook. Cottages, Outbuildings, 0 0 23

19 Do. - John Jackson and Gardens. Meadow and Stream - 3 0 1

20 John Hoyle - - James Derbyshire Field - 1 1 8

21 Do. - Do. Field and part of 0 0 26

22 Do. - - Do. Stream. Field and part of 0: 1 28

23 Executors of late James Simpson John Jackson Stream. Plantation and Stream - 0 2 3

24 George Walmsley George Rishton - Meadow and Stream.

25 Do. - m Do. Meadow and part of Stream. Total - 16 1 a

Compensation in Water to be at a rate not less than 75 gallons per minute for 12 hours of each working day in 310 days per year from each 100 acres of drainage area, and so in proportion for any increased gathering ground :- the present proposed gathering ground being about 250 statute acres.

- - BOLTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Bolton Local Board of Health Djpprict, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the Borough of Bolton, in the County of Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board of Health, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845> to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises for the purpose of street improvements.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto, and showed on the Plans accompanying the same, the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers -of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises, who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed inquiry, and report has been duly made to me thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of Health for the said District of Bolton shall be empowered to put in force, with reference' to the lands^ buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement

Given under my hand, this 19th day of April 1864. r, (Signed) G. Grey.

156

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Bolton, are the following.

Number on Plan. Lands, &c. prepared to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lemees. Occupiers.

First Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Crompton Street and Charles Street.

Sheet

Vo 9

Elizabeth Dickenson. Peter German.

Mary Greenhalgh. Empty.

Second Part.

Comprising the Lands required for an intended new Street from Churchgate to Princess Street.

Peter Swansbrick.

1 House Henry Chandler, Francis Richmond, and Jeremiah Marsden. m m

2 Stable Henry Chandler, Francis Richmond, and Jeremiah Marsden.

3 House Henry Chandler, Francis Richmond, and Jeremiah Marsden. m

4 House Henry Chandler, Francis Richmond, and Jeremiah Marsden.

Sheet No. 3. In Churchgate.

1 Land and house, 205£ square yards, James Walkden Marsden

buildings included.

2 House (inMul-lineauxYard). J ames W alkden Marsden m m m

3 House James Walkden Marsden -

4 House James Walkden Marsden -

5 Land 13£ J ames W alkden Marsden -

square yards.

6 House and J ames W alkden Marsden -

middenstead in Mullineaux Yard.

7 Land 3J square James Walkden Marsden m -

yards.

8 House James Cooper -

9 House James Walkden Marsden -

10 House William Thornlfey -

11 House and yard. John Hiton -

In Princess

Street.

12 House and The Reverend Henry m

yard. Powell.

Elizabeth Knight. Empty.

Robert Pendlebury. Empty.

William Flitcroft.

Empty.

Edward Thompson. Catherine McDonald. Ann Healey.

John Lonsdale.

Joseph Crook.

a. uui.

beet

ro.4.

1

2

8

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20 '

21

22

23

24

Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners . or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Third Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Street called Old Acres.

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House ' -

House

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House

House

House

House

HOU86

House

House, outbuildings, and yard.

House House

House (cellar)

House

House (cellar)

House

House

House

House

House

Harriett Johnson and -William Henry Johnson.

George Birchby

George Birchby

Betty Ryley George Birchby George Birchby

John Hesketh, James -Hesketh, and Thomas Thistlethwaite.

John Hesketh, James -Hesketh, and Thomas Thistlethwaite.

John Hesketh, James -Hesketh, and Thomas Thistlethwaite.

Ann Pitfield -

Ann Pitfield -

Robert Pitfield Robert Pitfield Robert Pitfield -

Robert Pitfield -

James Haigh, Peter -Martin, and William Lee.

James Haigh, Peter -Martin, and William

Lee.

James Haigh, Peter Martin, and William

Lee.

James Haigh, Peter -Martin, and William

Lee.

James Haigh, Peter -Martin, and William

Lee.

James Haigh, Peter -Martin, and William Lee.

John Bromley -John Bromley -

Robert Rowbottom, -Ellen Rowbottom, Henry Lomax Gas-kell, Joseph Ingram, Levgr Robert Row-bottom, Marie Zelie Rowbottom, Andrew Strachan, Mary Ann,

Strachan.

- Adam Platt.

- Charles Barrow.

- Peter Lomax.

- John Owen.

- Edward Hoyles.

- Alice Holden.

i

- James Hampson.

- John Heath.

Richard Cubbin.

George Harlwood.

- Henry Green.

- Nancy Foster.

- Priscilla Barrows.

- Sarah McCormick.

- Elizabeth T&tlock.

- Elizabeth Williams.

Catherine Ashcroft.

James Schofield.

Luke Bray, senior.

Luke Bray, senior.

John Bray *

Mary Cooper. Harriett Bibby. Isabella Hargreaves.

158

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

Number on Flan. Lands, See. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1

Sheet No. 4.

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

32

33

34

35

Third Part — continued.

House I Robert Rowbottom, Ellen Rowbottom, Henry Lomax Gas-kell, Joseph Ingram, Lever Robert Row-bottom, Marie Zelie Rowbottom* Andrew-Strachan, Mary Ann Strachan.

House Robert Rowbottom, Ellen Rowbottom, -Henry Lomax Gas-kell, Joseph Ingram, Lever Robert Row-bottom, Marie Zelie Rowbottom, Andrew Strachan, Mary Ann Strachan. m rn m

House Robert Rowbottom, Ellen Rowbottom, - Henry Lomax Gas-kell, Joseph Ingram, Lever Robert Row-bottom, Marie Zelie Rowbottom, Andrew Strachan, Mary Ann Strachan.

House Robert Rowbottom, Ellen Rowbottom, Henry Lomax Gas-kell, Joseph Ingram, Lever Robert Row-bottom, Marie Zelie Rowbottom, Andrew Strachan, Mary Ann Strachan.

House Maria Hibbert - m m m m

House Maria Hibbert - ., 1

House Maria Hibbert -..

House William Roth well Jackson.

House Maria Hibbert ...

House Arthur Bromiley -

House Arthur Bromiley -

Giles Matthews.

Christiana Green-halgh.

Peter Kevil.

John Taylor.

John Hardman. John Tory. Joseph Sharp. James Haddock.

Ann Greenh&lgh. William Ingham* William Nelson.

Fourth Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Street called Princess Street.

Sheet No.#. 1 In Princess Street. Stable and yard The Earl of Bradford -

2 Workshop The Earl of Bradford p -

3 House The Earl of Bradford -

4 In Bradshaw-gate. House and shop The Earl of Bradford -

James Hamer.

Isaac Charles Knott. Jane Horan.

James Hamer.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

159

Number \ on Plan .; i Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees j or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 1 1

Sheet

No. 6. 1

Fifth Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Rothwell Street.

House - I The Major, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the I Borough of Bolton.

Samuel Scholes

Peter Skelton.

Sixth Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement Street in continuation of Grime Street, through

Sheet

No. 7.

1

2

3

10

11

12

In Deansgate. Harmenia Cross and Thoxpas Cross. i

House and shop In Grime Street i i -

Warehouse - Harmenia Cross and Thomas Cross. 1 -

House Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth 1 Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House (cellar) Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth j Grime, Sarah Green, | Martha Grime.

House Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House (cellar) Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House (cellar) Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

Warehouse - Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House (cellar) Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

House Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, 1 Martha Grime. V

of Grime Street, and formation of a new Pool Street, into St. George's Road.

Henrj Birtwisle.

Edward Brown. John Airley.

John Fallow.

Mary Smith.

John Hesketh.

William Mason.

Christopher Smith.

Empty.

Edward Fallow. John Ready.

John Ready.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

Number on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Sheet No. 7.

13

14

15

16

17

17a

18

19

20

Sixth Part — continued.

House

H0U86

House

In Blundell Street Foundry buildings and premises.

Cotton Mill, buildings, chimney, and premises.

In Little Bolton, River Croal -

Land 16£

square yards.

Land 200J

square yards.

Water goit, land, and buildings, 218 square yards, buildings included.

Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

Samuel Grime, Mary Coop, Elizabeth Grime, Sarah Green, Martha Grime.

Harmenia Cross Thomas Cross.

and

William Hardman and Dan Wood Latham.

Thomas Hibbert, The Reverend Yernon Tipping, Edmund Joseph Tipping.

Thomas Hibbert, The Reverend Yernon Tipping, Edmund Joseph Tipping.

Thomas Hibbert, The Reverend Vernon Tipping, Edmund Joseph Tipping.

Thomas Hibbert, The Reverend Vernon Tipping, Edmund Joseph Tipping.

Thomas Fleming. Empty.

Empty.

Simon Hilton. John Simpson.

i John Wardle. James Wardle.

Robert Walker

Robert Walker

Robert Walker

Unoccupied. Unoccupied. Robert Walker.

Seventh Part.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Reservoir Street and Hobson Street.

Sheet No. 8.

In Reservoir Street

House The Mayor, Aldermen, Thomas Holden,

and Burgesses of Thomas Andrews,

Bolton. Ellen Lowe, James

In Back Reser- Fletcher.

voir Street.

House The Mayor, Aldermen, Thomas Holden,

and Burgesses of Thomas Andrews,

Bolton. Ellen Lowe, James Fletcher.

Ann Harrison.

Mary Sharpies.

.27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26

161

Number on Flan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

I Sheet No. 8. Seventh Pari 1 / — continued.

3 House and yard. I The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of i Bolton. | Thomas Holden, (Thomas Andrews, Ellen Lowe, James Fletcher, | James Holland. i 1

4 Stable and yard. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bolton. i Thomas Holden, | Thomas Andrews, Ellen Lowe, James, Fletcher. 1 James Fletcher. I

Sheet No. 9 A 10.

Eighth Part.

[Comprising the Lands required for the intended new Street between Duke Street and

Pen Street.

1 Land 36 square yards. Francis McCormick -

2 Landandbuildings, 266£ square yards, buildings included. Esther Ashworth, Ben* jamin Ashworth.

3 House Francis McCormick -

4 House Francis McCormick -

5 House Francis McCormick -

6 House Francis McCormick.

7 House Francis McCormick -

8 Land, 133 square yards. Francis McCormick -

9 Land, square yards. John Hpll and James Fogg.

Comprising the Lands required for the intended new Street between Haydock Street.

11 House Francis McCormick -

12 House Francis McCormick -

13 House Francis McCormick.

14 Stable Thomas Rudge -

15 House Mary Pilkington, John Harwood, Peter Martin.

16 Stables, offices, land, and soap works. Esther Ashworth, Benjamin Ashworth.

17 Piggeries, land, and out-buildings, 175 square yards, buildings in-j eluded. Esther Ashworth, Benjamin Ashworth, Thomas Rudge.

Vacant.

Empty.

Thomas Melia. Bartholomew Burke. Catherine Quin. Patrick Stables. Robert Nowlan. Vacant.

Vacant.

School Hill and

Patrick Brannan. Michael Carrigan. Patrick McEvins. Thomas Rudge. William Hart.

Igdaliah Seddon. Thomas Budge.

Sheet No.

9 a io.

1

Ninth Past.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Prince Street.

Stable - John Crompton - 1 .

House and Richard Badde^ - George Barker I -

shop.

27 & 28 Vict.

John Crompton. George Barker.

162

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

Number on Plan. Land *, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

I I I

Tenth Part.

Sheet Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Chorley Street.

1 House and garden. John Green - 1 - - William Torkington.

2 House John Green - - . - Joseph Horrocks.

3 i House i I John Green - - James Hardman Horrobin.

4 House John Green - - George Bennett.

5 Workshop James Ormrod, Spencer. Sarah j - i - James Ormrod, Sarah Spencer.

6 Garden James Ormrod, Spencer. Sarah j - James Ormrod, Sarah Spencer.

ASHFORD.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Ashford Local

Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Ashford, in the County of Kent, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, and the Commissioners for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the town of Ashford, in the County of Kent, have, in pursuance of the said Act, ^presented Petitions to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District of Ashford aforesaid, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the fifth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled " An u Act for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Ashford, in the " County of Kent."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petitions.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The said Local Act shall be repealed so far as such Act affects the District of the aforesaid Local Board of Ashford.

Given under my hand, this Second day of April in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

OSWESTRY.

Provisional Order repeating a Local Act in force within the District of the Oswestry Local

Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of the Borough of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey,

v

163

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the District aforesaid, affecting the said District, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the forty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled u An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the " Streets and other public Passages and Places "in the Town and Borough of ic Oswestry, in the County of Salop."

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The said Local Act (49 Geo. 3. cap. 140.) shall be repealed.

Given under my hand, this Fourteenth day of April 1864.

(Signed) G. Grey.

FAREHAM.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Fareham Local Board of

Health.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Fareham, in the County of Southampton, as constituted under the Public Health Act, 1848, have duly borrowed, under the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and of the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum of Fifteen thousand six hundred Pounds to defray the expense of works for the Sewerage and Supply of Water to the said District, and of other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts; and whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete such works, but such further sum, with the herein-before mentioned Fifteen thousand six hundred Pounds, will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District of Fareham, constituted as aforesaid.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and of the 19th Section of the Local Government Act (1858) Amendment Act, 1861, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for further works of a permanent nature, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the several aforesaid Acts, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole Two thousand Pounds, which, with the amount already borrowed, shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Fareham, in the County of Southampton, shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of works of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a further sum not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, which, together with the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by the Local Board aforesaid, will not exceed in the whole two years '

Y 2 assessable

164

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26.

assessable value of the premises assessable wndcrsuch Acta withim the aforesaid District: the aforesaid sum to be further borrowed under the authority of this present Order, and of the Act confirming the saane, to be repaid with interest thereon, within a period of Thirty Years from the date of the borrowing thereof. Given under my hand this Fourteenth day of April 1364.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WEST COWES.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the West Cowes Local Board of

Health.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of West Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, have, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow or re-borrow for works to increase and improve the supply of water to the District — such works being of a permanent nature, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the aforesaid Acts — a sum or sums which, with the amount already borrowed by such Local Board of Health, will not exceed in the whole one and a half years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by tbr Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows:— :; .

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of We^t Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow for the execution and comple tion of works of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a sum or sums for increasing and improving the supply of water to the said District, which, together with the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by the Local Board of Health aforesaid, will not exceed in the whole one and a half year's assessable value of the premises assessable under the Local Government Act, 1858, within the aforesaid District: the aforesaid sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of Fifty Years from the date of the borrowing thereof

Given under my hand this Second day of April 1864.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WILTON.

Provisional Order for altering the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Wilton in the County of Wilts.

Whereas by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the 28ih day of February 1855, made under the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, the said Public Health Act was duly applied to the parish of Wilton in the County of Wilts.

And whereas, by such Order as aforesaid, the number of members of the Local Board of Health to be elected under the aforesaid Public Health Act was fixed at fifteen, the entire number to be elected for the whole of such district

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said district of Wilton b*ve, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, (Sect. 77,) presented a petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of the aforesaid Order in

80

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 26, 27. 165

so for as such Order relates to the number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for such district

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said district in respect of the matters mentioned in the said petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my band, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The number of members to constitute the Local Board of Health for the district of

Wilton shall be nine, anything in the herein-before recited Order, bearing date the 28th day of February 1855, to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. — One third in number of the nine members to eo constitute the Wilton Local Board

of Heakh shall annually go out of office on the usual day for the retirement of members of such Local Board; such one third to retire to be arranged by the Local Board of Health aforesaid.

Given under my hand this 9th day of Maroh 1864.

(Signed) G. Guey,

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for regulating the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is essential, for the better Security of Lives and Property afloat ift

* Sea-going Ships, to make Provision for the proper testing of Chain Cables and

Anchors: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Any Corporation, Public Body, or, Company may erect and maintain Proving power to Cor-j; Establishments, Apparatus, and Machinery suitable for the testing of Chain Cables or porations, &c. j Anchors, and may, notwithstanding the Provisions of any previous Act limiting the Amount J^JldEStab-of Money to be raised by such Corporation or Public Body, or Company, raise Money for ii8h^eDts for that Purpose by way of Loan, secured by Mortgage of such Establishments, Apparatus, testing Chain and Machinery, and of the Income to be derived therefrom, or of other Property of such Cables> Corporation, Public Body, or Company: Provided always as follows: —

(1.) Nothing in this Act shall relieve any Corporation or Public Body from the Necessity of obtaining for any borrowing by them under this Act the Consent of any Authority or Person whose Consent is by Law requisite to any borrowing by them otherwise than under this Act.

(2.) Where the Consent of any Authority or Person is not by Law requisite to any borrowing by any Corporation or Public Body, otherwise than under this Act, the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to any borrowing by that Corporation or Public Body under this Act is hereby made requisite.

(3.) Nothing in this Act shall empower any Company to borrow Money under this Act otherwise than in such Manner and subject to such Restrictions as are prescribed in relation to any borrowing by them for Purposes other than the Purposes of this Act, and if none are prescribed, then in such Manner and under such Restrictions as may be prescribed by Resolution of the Company adopted by Three Fifths at least of the Yptes of the Shareholders of the Company present (personally or by proxy) at a Geperat Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose.

(4.) Any

Power to the Board of Trade to graat Licences for proving Chain Cables and Anchors, and may suspend or revoke Licences.

Board of Trade to appoint Inspectors from Time to Time.

Licences to be

renewed

annually.

Fees payable on Licences.

As to Remuneration of Inspector.

Tester to test all Cables and Anchors in proper Order, and impress the same with authorized Proof Mark.

As to Charges for testing and affixing Proof Mark.

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 27

(4.) Any Mortgage or Charge created or to he created under any Power existing at the passing of this Act on any Property of any such Corporation, Public Body, or Company, other than such Establishments, Apparatus, and Machinery as aforesaid, shall have Priority over any Mortgage created under the Powers of this Act on the same Property.

2* The Lords of the Committee of Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, hereafter in this Act called the Board of Trade, may from Time to Time grant to any Corporation, Public Body, or Company, Person or Persons erecting any Proving Establishment, Apparatus, and Machinery suitable for the testing of Chain Cables or Anchors Licence to test Chain Cables and Anchors under this Act, and the Board may suspend or revoke any Licence so granted, if the Board shall see Occasion; and the Expression " Tester " in this Act applies to every Corporation, Public Body or Company, Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, so long as such Licence continues in force: Provided, that such a Licence shall not be granted in any Case unless and until the Proving Establishment, Apparatus, and Machinery erected have been inspected by an Inspector appointed as by this Act provided, and have been certified by him as proper and efficient for their Purposes.

3. The Board of Trade shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as the Services of an Inspector for the Purposes of this Act appear to them to be required, and afterwards from Time to Time as Vacancies occur, appoint a fit Person to act as Inspector of Proving Establishments, Apparatus, and Machinery under this Act, and may from Time to Time, at pleasure, remove from his Office any Person so appointed; and such Inspector shall, in the Execution of his Duties, conform to any Regulations from Time to Time made by the Board of Trade.

4. Any Licence granted as aforesaid shall be renewable annually, and the same shall not in any Case be renewed in any Year unless and until the Proving Establishment, Apparatus, and Machinery in respect whereof such Licence was granted have been inspected by the Inspector within that Year, and have been certified by him as proper and efficient for their Purposes.

5. On the original Grant of every such Licence, and on every annual Renewal of every such Licence, there shall be paid such Fee not exceeding Fifty Pounds as the Board of Trade from Time to Time appoint; all such Fees to be paid to the Board of Trade, and to be by them paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and to be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

6. The Inspector shall receive such Salary and Allowances as may from Time to Time be directed by the Board of Trade, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of Money to be provided by Parliament for the Purpose.

7. Every Tester shall, with all reasonable Despatch, subject every Chain Cable or Anchor that shall be brought to the Proving Establishment of such Tester for the Purpose of being proved, and (unless the Parties interested may otherwise agree) in the Order in which such Chain Cables and Anchors respectively shall be so brought, to the same Tensile Strain as that to which Chain Cables and Anchors respectively of similar Size, Weight, or Description are or shall be subjected before being received for the Use of Her Majesty's Naval Service, and shall stamp every Five Fathoms in length of every such Chain Cable, and also every such Anchor, with a Stamp or Die to be provided for that Purpose by the Tester, and approved by the Board of Trade, denoting that such Chain Cable or Anchor has been " proved," and which shall bear the Mark of the Tester.

8. Every Tester may make such Charges for the testing and stamping with Proof Mark any Chain Cable or Anchor as such Tester may think fit, not exceeding the Scale of Charges authorized by the Board of Trade; and such Tester shall affix upon some conspicuous Part of the Proving Establishment a Table of the Charges so authorized to be

taken

167

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 27.

taken by such Tester; and such Table shall be painted upon a Board or Boards in distinct Black Letters on a White Ground or in White Letters upon a Black Ground, or may be printed in legible Characters on Paper affixed to such Board or Boards; and it shall not be lawful for such Tester to make any Alteration in such Table or in any of the Charges therein specified until such Alteration shall have been approved by the Board of Trade, and the Tester shall have caused Notice in Writing of the intended Alteration to be written or printed on Paper, and such Paper shall have been, for a Period of not less than Three Months, affixed to such Table, so that the same shall be clearly legible by all Persons who may consult such Table.

9. Any Tester may detain any Chain Cable or Anchor which shall have been so tested until such Charge shall be paid 5 and if such Charge shall not be paid within Three Months after the testing of such Chain Cable or Anchor, the Tester may cause such Chain Cable or Anchor to be told by Auction, and shall out of the Purchase Money deduct the Expenses of such Sale, and all other Expenses incurred by such Tester with respect to such Chain Cable or Anchor, including all lawful Charges on the same, and shall pay the Surplus thereof (if any), on Demand, to the Owner of such Chain Cable or Anchor, or to the Captain or Master of the Vessel, or other Person on whose Application the Chain Cable or Anchor had been tested.

10. When any Tester shall have tested and stamped any Chain Cable or Anchor, such Tester shall, if requested by the Person on whose Application the same was tested, within One Month after such testing, make out and deliver, free of Charge, to such Person a Certificate of such testing.

11. From and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five it shall not be lawful for any Maker of or Dealer in Chain Cables or Anchors to sell or contract to sell for the Use of any Vessel any Chain Cable whatever or any Anchor exceeding in Weight One hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, unless such Chain Cable or Anchor shall have been previously tested and duly stamped in accordance with the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person acts in contravention of this Provision he shall for every such Offence, upon a summary Conviction for the same before a Justice of the Peace, or in Scotland before any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

12. If any Person shall stamp or assist in stamping any Chain Cable or Anchor with the Stamp of any Tester, or with a Stamp or Mark purporting to be the Stamp of any Tester, without the Authority of the Tester whose Stamp shall have been so used or counterfeited, or with any other Stamp or Mark, for the Purpose or with the Intention of passing such Chain Cable or Anchor, or of allowing or assisting in the same being passed as a Chain Cable or Anchor duly tested and stamped under the Powers of this Act, or if any Person, knowing any such Chain Cable or Anchor to have been so wrongfully marked or stamped as aforesaid, shall sell the same, or shall deliver the same to any Person to be taken or used as Part of the Equipment of any Vessel, or if any Person shall write out and deliver to any Person any Certificate or Document purporting to be a Certificate under this Act, that any Chain Cable or Anchor has been tested and stamped under the Provisions of this Act, knowing that the Chain Cable or Anchor referred to in such Certificate or Document had not been so tested or stamped, every Person so offending shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, or in Scotland of an Offence, and for every such Misdemeanor or Offence shall be liable, in the Discretion of the Court, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

13. No Maker of, or Dealer in, Chain Cables or Anchors, Shipowner, or other Person, shall by reason of this Act, or of anything done thereunder, be relieved from any Responsibility in respect of any Chain Cable or Anchor made, sold, or used by him to which, but for this Act, he would have been subject

Power to Tester to detain Chain Cable, &c.

Tester, on Application, to give Certificate of Test

After 1st July 1865 it shall be unlawful for Makers and Dealers to sell unproved Chain Cables and Anchors.

Persons committing certain Offences deemed guilty t of a Misdemeanor.

Act not to relieve Makers from Responsibility.

Act not to affect Admiralty Contracts.

Term of Act

[Short Title.]

Power to Judge of Assize in County of Cork to direct the same Panel for the Criminal and Civil Sides, and to direct Two Sets of Jurors to be summoned, one to attend at the Beginning of each Assizes, and the other to attend the Residue thereof. Summons to be made out either for the First or Second Set

A printed Panel to be prepared and kept in the Office of the Returning Officer, and a Parchment Copy to be annexed to Abstract of Nisi Prius.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 27, 28.

14. Nothing in this Act shall affect any Contracts which may be made by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Supply of any Chain Cables or Anchors to any of Her Majesty's Dockyards or for the Use of any of Her Majesty's Ships.

15. This Act shall continue in force to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend " The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act, 1853/' in relation to Jurors and Juries in the County of Cork.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act ' (Ireland), 1853," as herein-after mentioned, and to make Provision, as herein-after ' mentioned, in relation to Jurors and Juries in the County of Cork Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, In citing this Act in any Precept, Instrument, Document, Pleading, Proceeding, or Act of Parliament, it shall be sufficient Designation to use the Expression " The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864, as to County of Cork Juriea."

2. In the County of Cork, if the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them, shall think fit so to direct, the Sheriff, or the Minister or Ministers to whom the summoning of Jurors to serve at the Assizes shall belong, shall summon and impannel such Number of Jurors as such Judges or Commissioners, or One of them, shall think fit to direct, to serve indiscriminately on the Criminal and Civil Side; and if such Judges or Commissioners, or One of them, shall so direct, such Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers shall divide such Jurors equally into'Two Sets; the first of which Sets shall attend and serve for so many Days, at the Beginning of the Assizes, as such Judges or Commissioners, or One of them, shall, within a reasonable Time before the Commencement of such Assizes, think fit to direct, and shall continue further to serve until discharged by the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them; and the other of which Sets shall attend and serve from the Expiration of the said Days so appointed for the Attendance and Service of the said First Set, or from a Time to be directed by such Judges or Commissioners, or One of them, for the Residue of such Assizes: Provided always, that such Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers shall, in the Summons to the Jurors in each of such Sets, specify whether the Juror named therein is in the First or Second Set, and at what Time the Attendance of such Juror will be required; and during the Attendance and Service of the first of such Sets, the Jury on the Civil and Criminal Side respectively may be drawn from the Names of the Persons in that Set, and during the Attendance and Service of the second of such Sets from the Names of the Persons in such Second Set.

3. A printed Copy of the said Panel, containing the Names (arranged alphabetically, or in such other convenient Order as the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them, shall think fit to direct), together with the Additions and Places of Abode of the Jurors in each of such Sets, shall, Seven Days before the Commencement of the Assizes, be made by such Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers, and kept in the Office of the Returning Officer of such Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers in Dublin, for Inspection; and a printed Copy of such Panel on Parchment shall be delivered by such Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers to any Party requiring the same, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling; and such Copy of such Panel shall be annexed to the Abstract of Nisi Prius.

4. In

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 28. 169

4. In any Case wherei rt an Order* for a View shall have been obtained, it shall be in case of View, lawful for the Judge before whom such Case is to be tried, and he is hereby required,

on the Application of the Party obtaining such Order, to appoint such Case to be tried during the

during the Attendance and Service of that Set of Jurors in which the Viewers, or the Attendance of

major Part of them, shall be included: Provided always, that it, nevertheless, shall be lawful Viewers *

for such Judge, instead of appointing such Case to be so tried, to order and direct, if

it shall appear to him more convenient for the Administration of Justice, that the Viewers,

or such competent Number of them as such Judge shall determine, not being (unless the

Party obtaining such Order shall so consent) fewer in Number than those in the Set in which such Viewers shall be most numerous, shall attend at the Trial of the Cause

in which they shall have been named as Viewers, at whatsoever Period of the Assize

the same shall be tried; and thereupon it shall be the Duty of such Viewers accordingly to attend, and to be ready to serve at feudi Trial.

5. No Verdict or Finding on any Inquiry of Damages or on any other Inquiry had or Proceedings delivered by any Jury shall be annulled, vitiated, or affected by reason that any Juror who shall be named in any One Set of such Panel as aforesaid shall have been sworn or shall ju^or acting have acted on such Jury either before or after the Time at which his Attendance shall have before or after been required by the Summons served upon him, or after he shall have been discharged from Attendance by the Judges Or Commissioners of Assize or any of them; but nothing ance was herein contained shall prejudice or affect any Right of any Party to challenge any Juror. required.

8, Nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent the Court of Oyer and Terminer or Not to alter the of Gaol Delivery at such Assizes from having and exercising the Bame Power and Authority com^make as any such Court may now have and exercise in isstiing any Writ or Precept, or in making orders for re-any Award or Order, orally or otherwise, for the Return of a Jury for the Trial of any turning Juries Issue before such Court, or for amending or enlarging the Panel of Jurors returned for the aB heretofore. Trial of any such. Issue; and the Return to every such AVrit, Precept, Award, or Order, and the Proceedings thereon, shall be made in the Manner heretofore used and accustomed in any such Court; save that the Jurors shall be returned from the Body of the County, and not from any particular Venue within the County, ami shall be qualified according to the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and 3 & 4 W. 4. amending the Laics relative to Jurors and Juries in Ireland; neither shall anything in this c*91-Act extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Alien indicted or impeached of any Felony or Misdemeanor of the Right of being tried by a Jury de medietate linguae, or to repeal or affect the Provisions of said last-mentioned Act in reference to the Trial of Aliens; nor shall anything in this Act repeal or affect any of the other Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act now in force, save so far as the same may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

7. The foregoing Provisions shall not apply to any Special Jury Panel or to any Special Special Jurors Jurors; but in reference to Special Jurors, and to the Panel or Panels of them for the said County, as well the general Panel of Special Jurors made in pursuance of "The Com- specified Days, mon Law Procedure Act (Ireland), 1853," as any Panel made according to the old Practice existing when the said Act was passed, the Sheriff or other Minister or Ministers to whom the summoning of Special Jurors in said County shall belong shall summon such Special Jurors to attend at the Assizes on such Day or Days as the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them, shall, within a reasonable Time before the Commencement of the Assizes, think fit to direct; and the Special Jurors shall be summoned by such Sheriff or such other Minister or Ministers to attend on such Day or Days accordingly; and the Special Jurors so summoned shall attend at such Assizes at the Time and Times specified in such Summonses for their Attendance thereat, and shall continue to attend and serve at such Assizes until the End thereof, or until they shall have been discharged by the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them: Provided always, that if no such Directions shall be given by the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them, the Special Jurors shall be summoned to attend the Assizes, and shall be bound to attend thereat, in the same banner as if this Enactment had not been made.

27 & 28 Vict. Z 8. If

170

Sheriff to be reimbursed Expenses of giving special* Notices to Jurors.

3 & 4 Vict c. 54.

Sect 1. of recited Act repealed.

Prisoners becoming insane, Power to Two Justices to inquire, with Medical Aid, respecting such Insanity.

If certified by" Justices and such Medical Aid that Prisoner is insane. Secretary of State may grant Warrant for Removal.

If Secretary of State has

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 28, 29.

8. If the Assizes shall close, or be about to close, before the Period for the Attendance of the Second Set of Jurors shall have arrived, it shall be lawful for the Judges or Commissioners of Assize, or One of them, to direct that Notice shall be given by the Sheriff to the Jurors named in the Second Set that their Attendance will not be required; and thereupon the Sheriff, by Letters addressed to the Jurors through the Post Office, and by Publication of Notices in the usual Places for posting Notices in the said County, or in such Manner as such Judges or Commissioners, or One of them, shall direct, shall give Notice to the Jurors in such Second Set that their Attendance will not be required at the Assizes for which they shall have been so summoned; and an Account of all Expenses properly incurred by such Sheriff in the giving of such Notices shall be furnished by such Sheriff* to the Secretary of the Grand Jury Ten clear Days before the then next ensuing Assizes; and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at such next ensuing Assizes, and they are hereby required, to present such Sums to be paid to such Sheriff, his Executors or Administrators, as shall be necessary to pay and satisfy the Expenses properly incurred by such Sheriff in giving Such Notices to such Jurors, to be raisea and levied off the County at large, without any previous Application at any Presentment Sessions.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend the Act Third and Fourth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four, for making further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the Session of the Third and (Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Fifty-four, intituled An Act for

1 waking further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners': Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The First Section of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Fifty-four, is hereby repealed.

2. If any Person while imprisoned in any Prison or other Place of Confinement under any Sentence of Transportation, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment, or under a Charge of any Offence, or for not finding Bail for good Behaviour or to keep the Peace, or to answer a Criminal Charge, or in consequence of any Summary Conviction or Order by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or under any other than Civil Process, shall appear to be insane, it shall be lawful, if such Person is confined in a Prison to which Visiting Justices are appointed, for Two or more of the Visiting Justices of such Prison, or if such Person is in any other Place of Confinement, for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Borough, or Place in which such Place of Confinement is situate, and such Visiting or other Justices are hereby required to call to their Assistance Two Physicians or Surgeons, or One Physician and One Surgeon, duly registered as such respectively under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty's Reign, .Chapter Ninety, and to be selected by them for that Purpose, and to inquire with their Aid as to the Insanity of such Person; and if it shall be duly certified by such Justices or any Two of them, and such Physicians or Surgeons, or such Physician and Surgeon, that such Person is insane, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, upon Receipt of such Certificate, if he shall think fit, direct by Warrant under his Hand that such Person shall be removed to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for Insane Persons as the said Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint; and if at any Time it shall be made to appear to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries

of

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 29.

of State that there is good Reason to believe that any Prisoner in- Confinement under Sentence of Death is then insane, either by Means of a Certificate in Writing to that Effect in the Form given in Schedule A. transmitted to him by Two or more of the Visiting Justices of the Prison in which such Prisoner under Sentence of Death is confined, or by any other Means whatsoever, such Secretary of State shall appoint Two or more Physicians or Surgeons, duly registered as aforesaid, to inquire as to the Insanity of such Prisoner; and if on such Inquiry the Prisoner shall be found to be then insane, the Fact shall be certified in Writing by such Persons to the said Secretary of State, and on the Receipt of such Certificate the said Secretary of State shall direct by Warrant under his Hand that such Prisoner shall be removed to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for Insane Prisoners as aforesaid; and every Person so removed under this Act, or already removed and in Custody under any former Act relating to Insane Prisoners not under Civil Process, shall remain in Confinement in such Asylum or other proper Receptacle as aforesaid, or in any other Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle to which such Person may be removed by any like Warrant which the Secretary of State is hereby empowered to issue, if he shall think fit, until it shall be duly certified to the said Secretary of State by Two Physicians or Surgeons, or One Physician and One Surgeon, duly registered as aforesaid, that such Person is sane, and upon the Receipt of such last-mentioned Certificate the said Secretary of State is hereby authorized to issue a Warrant under his Hand directing, if the Period of Imprisonment or Custody of such Person shall have expired, that he or she shall be discharged, or if such Person shall still remain subject to be continued in Custody, that he or she shall be removed to any Prison or other Place of Confinement in which he or she may be lawfully confined, to undergo his Sentence of Death or other Sentence, or, if not under Sentence, to be dealt with according to Law as if no such Warrant for his Removal to a Lunatic Asylum had been issued; Provided, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to repeal the Thirty-eighth Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth .Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-six, or any Part thereof.

8L All Prisons which now are or may hereafter be placed under the Government of the Directors of Convict Prisons, by virtue of the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-nine, or of any other Act now in force or which may hereafter be passed, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be Prisons to which Visiting Justices are appointed, and the said Directors shall be deemed the Visiting Justices thereof, and the Duties and Powers herein-before imposed upon and given to any Two or more of such Visiting Justices shall and may be performed and exercised by any One or more of such Directors.

4. All the Provisions of the first-mentioned Act which are not hereby repealed, and all the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make better Provision for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics, shall apply to Lunatics removed under this Act in all respects as if they had been removed under the First Section of the firBt-mentioned Act, and as if the Asylum to which they were removed under this Act were any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics to which the Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign were applicable.

5. Where any Order shall have been or shall hereafter be made upon the Guardians of any Union formed under the Provisions of the Act Fourth and Fifth William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, for the Payment of Money under Section Two of the said first-mentioned Act, the Amount which shall be paid under such Order shall be charged by the Guardians upon the Common Fund of the Union, and not to the Account of any Parish therein; and the Power given to the Justices to order the Seizure and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or the Receipt of the Rents of the Lands or Tenements, of any Insane Person therein referred to, shall cease as regards the Overseers, but shall apply to the Guardians of the Union who shall have incurred any Expenses under any such Order of Justices as aforesaid.

Z 2 6. So

171

reason to believe Prisoner sentenced to Death to be insane, he may desire Medical Aid to inquire into the same.

If Prisoner afterwards pronounced sane how to be dealt with.

Prisons placed under Directors of Convict Prisons to be deemed Prisons to which Visiting Justices are appointed, and Directors to be deemed the Visiting Justices. Provisions ol 3 & 4 Vict c. 54. not hereby repealed, and or

23 & 24 Vict c. 75. to apply to this Act.

The Charge and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners to be borne by the Common Fund of the Union.

So mach of Sect. 5. of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 54. as enables Oyer-seers to appeal, repealed.

Extent of Act,

6. So much of Section Five of the said first-mentioned Act as enables the Overseers of any Parish in a Union to appeal against an Order of Justices adjudicating as to the Settlement of any Insane Person is hereby repealed.

7. This Act shall extend to England and Wales only.

SCHEDULE A.

t

We being Visiting Justices of

hereby certify under our Hands that we believe a Prisoner in the said Prison of under Sentence of Death to be now insane. jf

Power to Her Majesty in Council to alter Circuits of Court of Justiciary in Scotland.

Orders in Council to be

published, and >ate of taking effect.

Power to Court of Justiciary to make Orders and Regulations.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to provide for the Alteration of the Circuits of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, and for holding additional Circuit Courts.

[23d June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for altering the Circuits of the Court of " Justiciary in Scotland :v Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time as Her Majesty in Council may think fit, to alter the Circuits of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland* or any of them, to form new Circuits* to fix and determine the Limits of each existing or new Cirouit*: and the Counties or Portions of Counties, Cities or Burghs, and Districts, which shall be included within the same, to detach any County or Portion of a County from any Circuit* and to include the same in any other existing or new Circuit, and also to fix and determine the Places at which the Circuit Courts shall be held within each such Circuit, and to alter such Places: Provided always, that Circuit Courts shall continue to be held at such Towns as are appointed for keeping and holding Circuit Courts by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, Number Forty, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and seventy-two* intituled An Act concerning the Regulation of Judicatories, and an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heritable Jurisdictions in Scotland.

2. Every Order to be made by Her Majesty in Council in pursuance of this Act shall be published in such Manner as Her Majesty in Council may direct, and shall take effect from the Date thereof, or from such other Date as may be specified therein: Provided always, that before any such Order shall be made for altering the present Arrangement, Notice thereof shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette at least Three Months previously, and an Opportunity given to be heard thereon, to the Lord Lieutenant, the Sheriffs, Justices of Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and the Magistrates of Burghs of the Counties to be affected by the proposed Change.

3. It shall be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Justiciary, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time* to make Boeh Orders and Regulations, and to pass such Acts of Adjournal, as may be necessary for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and of any Order to be made by Her Majesty in Council in pursuance thereof.

27° & 28° VICf OllLE, c. 31, 32.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to settle an Annuity on Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincar-: dine, in consideration of the distinguished Services performed t>y the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine.

[30th June 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most gracious Message, hath been pleased to signify that Your Majesty, taking into consideration the distinguished Services performed throughout a long Series of Years by the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine, Your Majesty's Viceroy and Governor General of India, and being desirous, in Recognition of such Services, to confer some signal Mark of Your Favour upon his Widow, Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, recommended to Your faithful

Commons the Adoption of such Measures as might be necessary for the Accomplishment ' of that Purpose Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

173

L An Annuity of One thousand Pounds shall be paid to Mary Louisa Countess of An Annuity Elgin and Kincardine, Widow of the late James Earl of Elgin and Kincardine) for her ofi.ooooAtobe natural Life; and the said Annuity shall be deemed to have commenced and taken effect ^uis^Coun-upon the Twenty-first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, an$ Mm of Elgin the First Payment of a proportionate Part thereof respectively for the Period from such Commencement thereof to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four j^*11* shall be due on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four; and the said Annuity shall thereafter be due quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year; and such Annuity shall be payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fuad of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed to be paid out of the same by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall hereafter he charged upon and payable out of the said Fund,) and the Receipts of the said Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine, or of such other Person as may be duly authorized and appointed by the said Mary Louisa Countess of Elgin and Kincardine to receive the same, shall be good and sufficient Discharges for the Payment thereof; and the said Annuity shall be free and clear from all Taxes* Rates, and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever, except Income Tax. (

2. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are Treasury to hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands* to direct the direct Payment Payment of the said Annuity according to the Provision herein-before contained. of AnBuit3r«

T

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable certain Banking Copartnerships which shall discontinue the Issue of their own Bank Notes to sue and be sued by their public Officer.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh Year of the

" Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-six, intituled

An Act for the letter regulating Copartnerships <f certain Bankers in England, and for 7 G. 4. ©. 46.

amending so much of an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled "An Act for establishing an Agreement

" with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for advancing the Sum

7 & 8 Vict. c. 32.

Sect. 24.

Sect. 12.

Banks discontinuing the Issue of Bank Notes empowered to sue and be sued by their public Officer.

Act not to empower any Bank to carry on Business in London.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 32, 33.

" of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight ' iC hundredf as relates to the same, Banking Copartnerships registered and carrying on ' Business under the Act now in recital, and entitled to issue their own Bank Notes, under an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of *C Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Thirty-two, intituled An Act to regulate the Issue f of Bank Notes, and for giving to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

certain Privileges for a limited Period, have certain Powers and Privileges of suing and ' being sued in the Name of any One of their public Officers, so long as such Copartnerships 6 carry on Business under the Provisions of the first-recited Act: And whereas by the secondly-recited Act such Copartnerships are empowered to agree with the Governor and ' Company of the Bank of England to discontinue the Issue of Bank Notes, and it is (thereby enacted, that if any such Banking Copartnership shall discontinue the Issue of (Bank Notes, either by Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or otherwise, it shall not be lawful for such Copartnerships at any Time thereafter

to issue such Notes: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Powers and Privileges c so given by the first-recited Act will extend to such of the said Banking Copartnerships as ' shall discontinue the Issue of Bank Note9, and shall afterwards commence and carry on ' the Trade or Business of Bankers in London, or within Sixty-five Miles from London} in c such Manner as they will then by Law be authorized to do; and it is expedient that such

Doubts be removed: Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, every Banking Copartnership registered and carrying on Business under the first-recited Act, and entitled to issue their own Bank Notes under the secondly-recited Act, which shall discontinue the Issue of such Bank Notes, and shall afterwards commence and carry on the Trade or Business of Bankers in London, or within Sixty-five Miles from London, in such Manner as they will then by Law be authorized to do, shall have the same Powers and Privileges of suing and being sued in the Name of any One of the public Officers of such Copartnership, as the nominal Plaintiff, Petitioner, or Defendant, on behalf of such Copartnership; and all Judgments, Decrees, and Orders made and obtained in any such Suit may be enforced in like Manner as is provided by the first-recited Act with respect to Copartnerships carrying on Business under the Provisions of that Act; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall empower any Copartnership to carry on the Trade or Business of Bankers in London, or within Sixty-five Miles therefrom, in any Case where by the existing Law they are not authorized so to da

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to facilitate the Commutation and Sale of certain Vicarage Teinds in Scotland.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS by Two Acts, being respectively the Seventeenth and Nineteenth of the cc. 17^1?. ' First Parliament of His Majesty King Charles the First, held at Edinburgh in the

Year Sixteen hundred and thirty-three, Provision was made for the Valuation and Sale of Teinds, Parsonage and Vicarage, to those Persons liable in Payment of the same, except in so far as such Teinds had been previously assigned to the Minister serving

the Cure: And whereas by the Thirtieth Act of the Second Session of the First & Mar °c. so! f Parliament of Their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, held at Edinburgh in the

Year Sixteen hundred and ninety, intituled An Act and Commission for Plantation of

Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, it was, inter alia, enacted, that the Rules contained in the

foresaid Acts for the Valuation and Sale of Teinds shall extend to all Teinds," except

u such

175

Pari. 1. Sesa. 4. (1707) of Anne, c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

such as belong to and are possest by Ministers for their Stipends and Provisions, which are only to be valued, but not to be sold or bought And whereas by the Ninth Act of the Fourth Session of Queen Anne's First Parliament, held at Edinburgh in the Year Seventeen hundred and 6even, intituled Act anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, it was, inter alia, enacted, that the Lords of Council and Session shall judge,

cognosce, and determine in all Affairs and Causes whatsoever which by the Laws and Acts of Parliament of the Kingdom of Scotland were formerly referred to and did pertain and belong to the Jurisdiction and Cognizance of the Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds: And whereas there are several Parishes in Scotland in which Vicarage Teinds on Fish are payable to the Ministers, and form Part of their Stipends; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Commutation of such Teinds: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Fish Teinds (Scotland) Act, 1864."

2. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby Interpretation

assigned to them: of Terms.

Fish Teinds" shall mean the Vicarage Teinds on Fish payable to the Minister of any Parish in Scotland, and forming Part of his Stipend:

Presbytery" shall mean the Presbytery of the Bounds within which such Parish is situate:

Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff of the County in which such Parish is situate, or, in the Case of a Parish situate partly in one County and partly in another, the Sheriff of the County in which the larger Portion of such Parish is situate, and shall include Sheriff Substitute:

Sheriff Clerk" shall mean the Sheriff Clerk of such County.

3. The Provision in the recited Act of Sixteen hundred and ninety, Chapter Thirty, Repeal of Pro-thnt Teinds belonging to and possessed by Ministers for their Stipends and Provisions |e9oncA^ may only be valued, but are not to be sold or bought, shall, as regards Vicarage Teinds

on Fish, be and the same is hereby repealed, in so far as inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, but no further.

4. In any Parish in which there are Fish Teinds it shall be lawful for the Minister Parties inte-of the Parish, the Presbytery, and the Persons liable in Payment of Fish Teinds, to

enter into an Agreement for the Commutation or Redemption of the Fish Teinds, and Teinds by 1 to contract for the Substitution of a Capital Sum to be raised and invested as herein-after Agreement provided.

5. Any Ten Persons liable in the Payment of Fish Teinds, or who have paid or have Persons liable been required to pay Fish Teinds within the Period of Twelve Months immediately in T.emds preceding the Date of the Application after mentioned, or in any Parish where less than sher^f^call Ten Persons are so liable or have been so required to pay Fish Teinds, then the whole of a Meeting, such Persons may apply by Petition to the Sheriff to summon a Meeting of the whole

Persons resident in the Parish who are liable in Payment of Fish Teinds for the Purpose of taking into consideration the Commutation of the Fish Teinds under the Provisions of this Act.

6. Within Eight Days after the Presentation of such Petition the Sheriff shall pronounce BollofPereon* an Order on the Minister of the Parish or the Collector of the Fish Teinds to lodge with liable " the Sheriff Clerk within a Period to be specified in such Order a Roll of the Persons liable or held to be liable in Payment of such Teinds for the Year then current; and after the Roll has been lodged the Sheriff shall direct the same to be printed, and Copies thereof to be affixed for Fourteen Days on the principal Door of the Parish Church and on other

gublic Places within the Parish; and immediately after the Expiry of that Period the lieriff Clerk shall proceed to revise the Roll, and within Fourteen Days after such Expiry may, on Cause shown, expunge the Name of any Person therefrom, if satisfied that his Name has been erroneously entered therein, but only after giving due Intimation

to

Teinds to be made up.

Meeting of Persons named in the Roll to he called by Sheriff.

Meeting may resolve to approve of Agreement, or to enter into a Submission.

Submission to One Person as ole Arbiter may be entered into.

Presbytery to be bound by Signatures of Moderator and Clerk.

Proceedings before Arbiter.

Agreement or Final Award to be recorded

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 33.

to such Person of the Intention so to do; and the Sheriff Clerk may also, if satisfied that the Name of any Person has been unduly omitted from the Roll, add his Name thereto, and the Roll so revised shall be attested and signed by the Sheriff and Sheriff Clerk, and shall be final and conclusive in regard to all Matters and Things to be done under the Provisions of this Act; and the Roll shall remain in the Custody of the Sheriff Clerk, who shall deliver a Copy thereof to any Person applying for the same, on Payment for such Copy at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Names copied.

7. On the Completion and Attestation of the Roll the Sheriff shall summon a Meeting of the Persons whose Names are entered therein to be held in some convenient Place within the Parish, and shall intimate the Time and Place for holding such Meeting and the Purpose thereof by Advertisement, signed by the Sheriff Clerk, printed Copies of which shall be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church and on other public Places within the Parish, as the Sheriff shall direct, at least Eight Days previous to the Day of holding such Meeting, and the Sheriff shall preside thereat; and such Meeting may resolve that the Fish Teinds payable in such Parish shall be commuted under the Provisions of this Act, and may approve of any Deed of Agreement between the Minister of the Parish, the Presbytery, and the Persons liable in Payment of Fish Teinds, which may then be submitted for that Purpose, or may resolve to adjourn to a Second Meeting to be held within Twenty-one Days thereafter, in order to prepare and consider any such Deed of Agreement, or may resolve to submit the Terms of such Commutation to Arbitration; and all Questions arising at such Meeting or adjourned Meeting shall be decided by the Votes of a Majority of the Persons present thereat, and whose Names are on the Roll, and such Decision shall be biuding on all Persons whose Names are on the Roll.

8. If it shall be determined by a Majority of the Persons present and voting at such Meeting or adjourned Meeting to approve of such Deed of Agreement, or to enter into a Submission, as herein-after provided, the Meeting or adjourned Meeting shall elect Three of their Number to subscribe such Deed of Agreement or Deed of Submission on behalf of the whole Persons resident in the Parish who are liable in Payment of Fish Teinds, and such Subscription shall bind the whole Persons so liable in all Time coming: Provided that in the event of the Inability by Death or otherwise of any of the Three Persons so elected, the Subscription of the remaining Two shall be as valid and binding as if the Three Persons had subscribed such Deed of Agreement or Deed of Submission.

9. In the event of the Majority of the Persons present and voting at any such Meeting or adjourned Meeting resolving that a Deed of Submission shall be entered into with the Minister of the Parish and the Presbytery, for the Purpose of having the Fish Teinds commuted, according to the Judgment and Award of One Person as sole Arbiter, such Arbiter shall be chosen and appointed by the Minister of the Parish, the Presbytery, and the Three Persons elected at such Meeting, One Vote being given by the said Three Persons collectively, One Vote by the Minister, and One Vote by the Presbytery.

10. Any Deed of Agreement or Deed of Submission to be entered into by the Presbytery, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be binding on the Presbytery if signed by the Moderator and Clerk thereof for the Time being with the Authority of the Presbytery.

11. The Arbiter under any such Deed of Submission may take all necessary Proceedings, and allow the Parties to lead Evidence and to be heard vivfi, voce, or to give in Statements in Writing, as he thinks fit; and in his Award he shall fix the Capital Sum to be paid for the Commutation of the Fish Teinds, and the Date at which the same is to be paid, and shall decern for Payment of the Expenses incurred in the Submission; and he may find any of the Parties to the Submission liable in Expenses to any of the other Parties, and may modify the safhe as he thinks fit; and his Award shall be final and binding on all the Parties to the Submission.

12. Within Three Weeks after any Deed of Agreement has been completed, or after any Final Award has been pronounced and issued, under the Provisions of this Act, the

4.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 33, 34.

same shall be transmitted to the Sheriff Clerk, and shall be recorded in the Sheriff Court Books of the County; and all Expenses incurred by the Sheriff Clerk in the Execution of this Act, including reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble (to be fixed by the Sheriff in case of Difference), shall be paid by the Persons resident in the Parish who are liable in Payment of Fish Teinds.

13. The Capital Sum fixed by such Deed of Agreement or by the Award of the Arbiter shall be raised and provided by the Persons resident in the Parish who are liable in Payment of Fish Teinds, and shall, under the Direction of the Sheriff and of the Procurator and Agent of the Church of Scotland, be invested on approved Heritable Security, in the Names of the Moderator and Clerk of the Presbytery and of the Procurator of the said Church, all for the Time being, and their Successors in Office, as Trustees for the Management of the said Capital Sum; and the said Trustees shall, after Deduction of any necessary Expenses, pay over half-yearly the Interest accruing on the said Capital Sum to the Minister of the Parish for the Time being, and they may from Time to Time change the said Security, and re-invest the said Capital Sura on approved Heritable Security in the Names of the Trustees for the Time being.

14. In any Parish in which the Fish Teinds have been commuted, and the said Capital Sum has been raised and invested, under the Provisions of this Act, all Right on the Part of the Minister of the Parish to collect or receive Fish Teinds, and all Liability for the Payment of Fish Teinds, shall cease and determine from and after the Date of such Deed of Agreement or Award, as the Case may be, or from and after any other Date which may be specified therein respectively, and in all Time coming.

15. Wherever in any Parish where Fish Teinds are payable a Submission has, before the passing of this Act, been entered into by the Minister of such Parish, the Presbytery and those liable in the said Teinds, or Persons authorized to act for them for the Commutation of the said Teinds and for a Settlement of any Arrears of the said Teinds, or for either of such Purposes, and there has been an Award under such Submission finding the capital Sum for which the said Teinds shall be commuted and the Terms on which such Arrears, if any, shall be settled, then the said Submission and the said Award and the Findings comprised therein shall be held valid and binding on the Parties to the said Submission, and it shall be competent to any of such Parties to lay the said Submission and Award before the Sheriff of the County in which such Parish is situated, and the Sheriff, after such Intimation as be shall think fit, shall inquire into and determine whether the said Submission has been entered into by the proper Parties or by Persons duly authorized to act for them, and whether the Questions submitted have been ascertained and decided by the said Award; and the said Sheriff shall have Authority to direct the Sheriff Clerk of the said County to engross the said Award in the Sheriff Court Books in the said County, and to fix the Costs of all Proceedings before him, and such Deliverance shall be final and conclusive, and thereupon such Award shall be as binding and effectual as if it had been specially ratified by this Act.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for amending the Law relating to Seats in the House of Commons of

Persons holding certain Public OfTces.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years ' " of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, it is provided that after the Commencement of that Act any Four of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries f of State for the Time being, and any Four of the Under Secretaries for the Time being

to Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, may sit and vote as Members of the c House of Commons, but no more than Four such Principal Secretaries and not more

27 & 28 Vict. A a ' than

177

in Sheriff Court Books.

Capital Sam to be raised and invested on. Heritable Security.

Payment of Fish Teinds to cease after Comrantation.

Where Submission ha* been entered into by Minister of any Parish before passing of this Act, Presbytery to be bound by Award, &c.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 106. s. 4.

Provision in case of Person accepting Office of Under Secretary when Four Under Secretaries are sitting in the House of Commons.

Provision in case of more Secretaries or Under Secretaries of State being chosen at a General Election than are capable of sitting.

Provision in case of other Offices.

Provision as to Members elected previously to passing of this Act.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 34, 35.

than Four such Under Secretaries shall sit as Members of the House of Commons at the same Time: And whereas it is expedient to explain and amend the said Act: And whereas similar Provisions are or may be contained in other Acts now in force or to be hereafter ' passed with respect to Persons holding other Offices, and it is expedient that the same Rules ' shall be established for all such Cases:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. If at any Time when Four of the Under Secretaries for the Time being to Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State are Members of the House of Commons, any other Person, being a Member of that House, accepts the Office of Under Secretary of State to any of the said Principal Secretaries, the Election of such Person shall be and the same is hereby declared to be void, and a Writ shall be issued for a new Election.

A Member whose Election is so declared to be void (and also any Person who, not being a Member, holds the Office of Principal Secretary of State or Under Secretary to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State,) shall be incapable of being elected or sitting as a Member of the House of Commons during such Time as he holds such Office, and Four other Principal Secretaries or Under Secretaries respectively, as the Case may be, are Members of the House of Commons, but not for any further or longer Period.

2. If at any General Election there are returned as Members to serve in Parliament a greater Number of Persons holding the Office of Principal Secretary of State or the Office of Under Secretary of State than are permitted by Act of Parliament to 6it and vote in the House of Commons, the Election of such Persons shall not be invalidated by reason of such Excess; but no One of such Persons shall be capable of sitting or voting in the House of Commons until the Number of Persons returned as Members and holding the same Office as himself is reduced by Death, Resignation, or otherwise to the Number permitted by Law to sit in the House of Commons.

, If any Person sits or votes in the House of Commons in contravention of this Section he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five hundred Pounds for each Day during which he so sits or votes.

3. In all Cases in which by any Act now in force, or to be hereafter passed, any Limit is or shall be imposed upon the Number of Persons holding any other Office who may at the same Time sit or vote as Members of the House of Commons, the Rules established by this Act with reference to Persons holding the Office of Under Secretary of State shall be applied in the same Manner as if such other Office had been expressly mentioned in this Act, unless special Provision shall be made to the contrary.

4. No Election of any Member of the House of Commons elected previously to the passing of this Act shall be deemed to have become void by reason only of any Excess which may have occurred, previously to the passing of this Act, in the Number of Members of the said House holding the same Office for the Time being beyond the Number limited by Law.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for more effectually regulating the Sale of Beer in Ireland.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS *8 exPe(^ent to amend the Law with respect to certain Houses in Ireland (commonly called " Beerhouses") licensed for the Sale of Beer to be drunk

or consumed elsewhere than on the Premises where sold:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 35. 179

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Beerhouses (Ireland) Act, 1864." Short

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of July One thousand eight Commence-

hundred and sixty-four. ' ment of Act

3. From and after the Commencement of this Act, save as herein-after mentioned, it Excise Officers shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise in Ireland to grant a Licence or Transfer of a jj not Licence for the Sale of Beer by Retail, to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on the Licences or Premises where sold, to any Person applying for such Licence or Transfer of a Licence, or Renewal of

to grant a Renewal of any such Licence as aforesaid to any Person applying for such om^r^udna" Renewal, without such Person producing a Certificate signed by Two or more Justices of Certificate of the Peace presiding at the Petty Sessions of the District in which such Person resides, or Justices, if in the Dublin Metropolitan Police District by a Divisional Justice of the District in which such Person resides, to the good Character of such Person, and the Suitability of the Premises for the Purpose of such Sale, and where the Application shall be for the Transfer of an existing Licence or the Renewal of a Licence for the same House, as shall have been licensed in the Year last immediately preceding, and which Licence shall not have been withdrawn or annulled, without a similar Certificate to the good Character of the Person applying for such Renewal, or of the Person to whom such Transfer is proposed to be made, and to the peaceable and orderly Manner in which such House had been conducted in the past Year.

4. Every Person who shall apply for such Certificate as aforesaid shall give Twenty-one Persons apply-Days Notice in Writing to the Sub-Inspector of the District in which he resides, or in his ^J^tcurfve Absence to the Head Constable, or if in the Dublin Metropolitan Police District to the Notice toftlice Superintendent of Police of the Division in which such Person resides, stating the Intention Officers.

of such Person to make such Application, and setting forth his Place of Residence, and the Situation and Place of the House where such Person purposes to carry on the Business of a Retailer of Beer; and in every Case where any such Person had been at any Time previously licensed for the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, Ale, Cider, or other exciseable Liquors to be consumed on the Premises or elsewhere, such Notice shall set forth the last Place of Business whereat such Wine, Spirits, Beer, AJe, Cider, or other exciseable Liquors had been sold, together with the Date at which such Person had given up or otherwise discontinued the Sale thereof.

5. The Sub-Inspector of the District, or in his Absence the Head Constable, or if in the Police Officers Dublin Metropolitan Police District, the Superintendent of Police of the Division, shall be and he is hereby authorized to object before the Justices at Petty Sessions, or the c^tifiolte. Divisional Justices, as the Case may be, to the Issue of such Certificate, and the Justices shall in such Case proceed to consider, examine on Oath into, and adjudicate upon the Truth, Sufficiency, and Validity of such Objection; and if such Justices shall be satisfied of the Truth and Sufficiency of any such Objection, they may refuse to grant such Certificate.

6. From and after the Commencement of this Act all the Prohibitions, Penalties, and Prohibitions, Forfeitures now in force in Ireland with respect to the Hours during which licensed Houses ^Ireland may be lawfully kept open for the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Ale, Beer, or Cider, by Retail, to be ^th respect to drunk or consumed on the Premises, shall extend to and be applicable to Persons licensed Houses, which to sell Beer by Retail not to be drunk or consumed upon the Premises where sold: And in

like Manner all and singular the Rights, Powers, and Authorities given to any Justice of extenTto Per-the Peace, Police Officer, or Constable, in and by the Second Section of an Act passed in the bom licensed, Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-four, and in and by the Twelfth Section of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her said 0

Majesty, Chapter Eighty 'nine, and the several Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties con- extend to this tained in the said Sections in relation to the Offences therein respectively set forth, shall Act* extend and be applicable to such licensed Persons, and the Houses and Premises in which the Sale of Beer is so carried on as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Provisions of the said Sections of the said Acts had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to Persons licensed to sell Beer by Retail to be drunk and consumed

elsewhere

Penalty for selling Beer for Consumption on Premises without a Licence.

Penalty for tippling on Premises not licensed for Consumption on such Premises.

Justices may require Production of Licences upon the Hearing of any Complaint.

Power to Justices to mitigate Penalty annexed by this Act to Offences. Wholesale Dealers in Beer who shall keep open their Premises for the Sale of Beer between 7 o'Clock in the Evening and 7 o'Clock in the Morning to be subject to Police Supervision.

Proceedings for the Recovery of Penalties, Sec.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 35.

elsewhere than on the Premises where sold, and to the Sale of Beer by such Persons for Consumption on their Premises, save that the Mode of recovering and applying any Penalty shall be as herein-after enacted.

7. Every Person not being duly licensed in that Behalf who shall sell Beer for Consumption upon his Premises shall be liable for the First Offence to a Fine not exceeding Two Pounds nor less than Five Shillings, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding One Month nor less than One Week, and for the Second and every subsequent Offence to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month,

8. If any Person shall be found drinking or tippling, or having the Appearance of having been recently drinking or tippling, on any Premises in respect of which a Licence shall then exist authorizing the Sale of Beer but not for Consumption on such Premises, such Person may be summoned before the Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions or Divisional Justices of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, as the Ca3e may be, or may be lawfully apprehended and brought, so soon as conveniently may be, before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law; and upon Conviction of his having been so drinking or tippling shall be liable for the First Offence to a Fine not exceeding Five Shillings, and for the Second and every subsequent Offence to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

9. In case any Complaint shall be laid against any Person licensed to sell Beer by Retail not to be drunk or consumed upon the Premises where sold for any Offence against the Tenour of his Licence, or for any Offence against this Act or any other Act affecting or having reference to his Licence, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom such Complaint shall be brought to require such Person to produce his Licence before such Justice or Justices for Examination; and if such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and pay for such Offence such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justice or Justices shall think proper.

10. It shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom the Case shall be heard to mitigate the Penalty annexed by this Act to any Offence, so as such Mitigation shall not in any Case reduce such Penalty to less than One Fourth thereof, and the Cause of such Mitigation shall be set forth upon such Conviction.

11. Any Person licensed to sell Beer by Wholesale, to be consumed off the Premises where sold, who shall keep his House or Premises open for the Sale of Beer between the Hours of Seven o'Clock in the Evening and Seven o'Clock in the Morning, shall, during the said Hours, be subject to the same Supervision by Justices of the Peace, Police Officers, and Constables as Persons licensed to sell Beer by Retail to be consumed off the Premises where sold are by this Act subjected to; and all and singular the Rights, Powers, and Authorities given to any such Justice, Officer, or Constable in and by the Second Section of the Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Sixty-four, and the Twelfth Section of the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-nine, and the several Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in the said Sections in relation to the Offences therein respectively set forth, shall extend and be applicable to such Wholesale Dealers in Beer, and the Houses and Premises in which they shall carry on, or purport to carry on, the Sale of Beer during the Hours aforesaid, as fully and effectually, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Provisions of the said Sections of the said Acts had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to Persons licensed to sell Beer by Wholesale, to be consumed off the Premises where sold, who shall keep open their Houses or Premises for the Sale of Beer during the Hours aforesaid, save that the Mode of recovering and applying any Penalty shall be as is herein-before provided in respect to other Penalties imposed by this Act.

12. All Proceedings for the Recovery of Penalties incurred under this Act and the Appearance of any Witness, and the Hearing and Determination of all Complaints under this Act, shall be subject in all respects to the Provisions of the Petty Sessions (Ireland)

181

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 35, 36.

Act, 1851, as the same is amended by "The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858," when the Case shall be heard in any Petty Sessions District, and to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Divisional Police Offices, when the same shall be heard in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, so far as the said Provisions shall be consistent with this Act; and when any Fine or Penalty is imposed under the Provisions of this Act, such Fines and Penalties shall be paid over to such Purposes and applied in such Manner as is provided by the " Fines Act (Ireland), 1851," or any Act amending the same; and all such Proceedings as aforesaid may be taken by and in the Name of any Superintendent or Inspector of Police within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or by any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable in any other Part of Ireland, without any Order of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for that Purpose,

13. After the Hearing and Determination by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Application for a Certificate either Party to the Proceedings before the said Justice or Justices may, if dis-satisfied with the Decision or Judgment given thereon, appeal therefrom to the Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, Town, or Place in which such Decision or Judgment shall have been given, or if within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, then to the Recorder of the City of Dublin at his next Sessions; and every Appeal from an Order granting or refusing a Certificate shall be subject to the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two, and in an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, and the Recognizance to be entered into shall be in the Form in the Schedule annexed to the said Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case may admit; and in every Case where the Decision of a Justice granting a Certificate under the Provisions of this Act shall be reversed on Appeal, the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions, or the Recorder of the City of Dublin, as#the Case may be, shall forthwith annul any Licence which shall have been granted on the Faith of such Certificate.

14. Notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, the Persons herein-after mentioned shall not be required to produce a Certificate under this Act before obtaining the Grant, Renewal, or Transfer of a Licence for the Sale of Beer by Retail to be drunk or consumed elsewhere than on the Premises where sold; (that is to say,)

1. Any Person duly licensed to brew Beer for Sale, and who has paid on such Licence a

Duty in respect of not less than One hundred Barrels of Beer;

2. Any Person not being a Brewer of Beer who is duly licensed to sell Beer only in Casks

containing not less than Four and a Half Gallons, Imperial Measure, or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, at One Time, to be consumed elsewhere than on his Premises;

3. Any Person duly licensed to trade in, vend, and sell Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts,

Chocolate, or Pepper.

15. For the Purposes of this Act any Person who shall sell Beer in any less Quantity than Four Gallons and a Half, Imperial Standard Measure, or in any Jess Quantity than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, at One Time, shall be deemed to sell by Retail.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend the Law relative to the Payment of the Shares of Prize and other Money belonging to deceased Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Land Forces.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS by Section Twenty-five of the Act of the Session of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter Fifty three), "for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money," it is enacted

Power to appeal to Quarter Ses BioDs as to the granting or refusing Certificate.

Where Gran of a Certificale shall be reversed, Licence to be annulled.

Parties herein named not required to produce Certificate before obtaining Grant, &c. of Licence.

Definition of " Ketail."

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 63.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of " Prize Money."

Sect. 25. of recited Act repealed, and new Provision herein named substituted.

Indemnity to Commissioners

Indemnity for past Payments.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 85.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 36, 37.

that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea to autho-c rize their Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Person or Persons who sail

prove him, her, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or of the said ' Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the Next of Kin or legal Representative, or other-e wise entitled to any Share of Prize Money, belonging to any deceased Officer, Soldier, or ' other Person, any such Share not exceeding Fifty Pounds, although such Person shall 6 not have regularly taken out Letters of Administration to or have procured the Probate ' of any Will of the Party originally entitled thereto, to enable him legally to demand ' such Share of Prize Money:

And whereas it is expedient to enlarge and better define the Powers of the said Commissioners with respect to the Payment of small Sums of Prize and other Money belonging ' to deceased Officers and Soldiers, and to indemnify the said Commissioners in respect of the Exercise of such Powers

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Army Prize (Shares of Deceased) Act, 1864.

2. In this Act the Term " Prize Money" includes Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance of Money in the Nature of Prize or Grant, in the Hands of the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, or of their Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, or Secretary, for Distribution.

3. Section Twenty-five of the recited Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following Provision shall take effect as Part of the recited Act; namely, —

The Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea may in any Case, if they think fit, authorize their Treasurer or Secretary to pay the Share of Prize Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, belonging to any deceased Officer, Soldier, or other Person, to or among any Person or Persons showing himself, herself, or themselves, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to be entitled thereto or to Shares thereof (as the Case may be), without Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration to the Estate of any deceased Person being obtained or taken out.

4. Every Payment made in pursuance of this Act shall be good and valid as against all Persons; and the said Commissioners and their Treasurer and Secretary for the Time being are by virtue of this Act absolutely discharged from all Liability in respect of any Money paid in pursuance of this Act.

5. Any Payment made before the passing of this Act, that would have been valid if made after the passing of this Act, shall be deemed good and valid as against all Persons; and the said Commissioners, and every their Treasurer, Deputy Treasurer, and Secretary for the Time being are by virtue of this Act absolutely discharged from all Liability in respect of any Money so paid.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to amend and extend the Act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria (Chapter Eighty-five)," for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys," Provision was made to prevent any Person compelling or knowingly allowing a Child or young Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years to c ascend or descend a Chimney or enter a Flue for the Purpose of sweeping, cleaning, or ' coring the same, or for extinguishing Fire therein:

183

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

And whereas it is expedient to amend in some Particulars and to extend the said Act ' (hereafter in this Act called the Principal Act): '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

General

1. This Act maybe cited as CS The Chimney Sweepers Regulation Act, 1864," the Short Titles. Principal Act may be cited as " The Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys Regulation Act,

1840;" and the Principal Act and this Act may be cited together as " The Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys Regulation Acts, 1840 and 1864."

2. This Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of November One thousand Commence-

eight hundred and sixty-four. ment of Act.

3. In this Act —

The Term " Sheriff" includes Stewart:

The Term u Chimney Sweeper" means a Person using the Trade or Business of a Chimney Sweeper.

Interpretation of Terms.

4. This Act shall be construed together with the Principal Act as One Act, and for This Act to be this Purpose the Expression " this Act " when used in the Principal Act shall be taken to constnied with include the present Act. Pnnc, pal Act

5. Any pecuniary Penalty recovered under this Act shall be applied as directed in the Application of Principal Act. Penalties.

Protection of Children and young Persons.

6. It shall not be lawful for a Chimney Sweeper to employ a Child under the Age of Restriction on Ten Years to do or assist in doing any Work or Thing in or about the Trade or Business Employment of of such Chimney Sweeper elsewhere than within the House or Place of Business of such Te^ renun er Chimney Sweeper, or the Yard or Buildings (if any) connected therewith.

7. It shall not be lawful for a Chimney Sweeper, on any Occasion of his entering a Chimney House or Building for the Purpose of sweeping, cleaning, or coring a Chimney or Flue.

therein or belonging thereto, or for extinguishing Fire in any such Chimney or Flue, to *ep°CWm-cause or knowingly Slow a Person under the Age of Sixteen Years in his Employment or nejrs, &c. not to under his Control to enter before, with, or after him into any Part of such House or Building, or to be therein for any Part of the Time during which such Chimney Sweeper sixteen.Un himself continues therein for any such Purpose as aforesaid.

8. If any Chimney Sweeper acts in contravention of either of the foregoing Enactments, Penaitiei for he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

9. Where under Section Two of the Principal Act a Chimney Sweeper is convicted of Power to Jus-the Offence of compelling or knowingly allowing a Person under the Age of Twenty-one *ces to "P0*5 Years to ascend or descend a Chimney or enter a Flue for any Purpose in that Section mPnsonment mentioned, the Justices or Sheriff before whom he is convicted may, in lieu of the Imposition of any such pecuniary Penalty as is authorized by that Section, adjudge the Offender to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour.

10. In any Prosecution of a Chimney Sweeper for any Offence against the Principal Burden of Act or against this Act, where the Age of any young Person or Child comes in question, of the Proof of the Age of such young Person or Child shall lie on the Defendant ney Sweeper"1"

11. Section Two of the Principal Act shall be read as if the Words Pounds " were omitted therefrom.

((or less than Five Abolition of

miniinniii

[Penalty.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 38.

Explanation of certain Terms.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to facilitate the Redemption of Chief Rents in Ireland.

[30th June 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable Persons holding Lands or Tenements subject to c, any Rent to redeem the said Rent:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Any Lands or Tenements held in Fee Farm, pr for Lives renewable for ever, or for Any Term whereof more than Two hundred Years shall be unexpired, shall, if subject to any Rent during the Continuance of such Estate, be deemed Land within the Provisions of this Act; and any Person entitled in possession to such Lands or Tenements, or to the Rents and Profits thereof, under any Will or Settlement for any Term of Years determinable on the dropping of a Life or Lives, or for any greater Estate (not being a Term of Years less than the Term for which such Lands or Tenements may be held), shall be deemed the Owner of such Lands or Tenements; and any Person entitled under any Will or Settlement to an immediate Estate in the said Rent, or in the Reversion to which the same may be incident, for any Term of Years determinable on the dropping of a Life or Lives, or for any greater Estate, shall be deemed the Owner of such Rent; and every Estate in Land or Rent, other than an unincumbered Estate in Fee, shall be deemed a limited Estate, within the Provisions of this Act; and the Words " Lands or Tenements" in this Act shall extend to any divided or undivided Shares thereof respectively; and the Word "Rent" shall extend to any Part or Parts thereof; and the Words " Owner or Person " shall extend to Two or more Persons seised of or entitled to divided or undivided Shares of or Estates in the said Lands and Rents respectively, and shall also include any Corporate Bodies, Aggregate or Sole.

2. The Owner of any Land or Tenement subject to any Rent may agree with the Owner of such Rent for the Redemption and Extinguishment thereof on the following Terms; that is to say, the Price to be paid for such Redemption shall be either a Sum of Money in gross, or a Part of the Lands or Tenements which were subject to the said Rent, or any Lands or Tenements to which the Owner shall be entitled in Fee Simple or Fee Farm, or which shall be subject to the same Limitations as the Lands or Tenements to be discharged from Rent by such Agreement

Application of 3. In; case the Owner of such Rent shall have only a limited Estate therein, if the Price d"CetT* agreed to be paid for the Redemption thereof shall be a Sum of Money in gross it shall be whetheTpaid paid to the Trustees appointed by the Deed or Instrument whereby the Estate or Interest in Money or in of such Owner of Rent shall be limited, or to the Trustees to be appointed when necessary Land. by the Landed Estates Court as herein-after mentioned, for Application in the Manner

herein-after mentioned, and if the Price shall be Land it shall be conveyed to and held by such Trustees in lieu of the said Rent, subject to the same Trusts, Limitations, and Charges as the Rent had previously been subject to.

4. If the Owner of the Rent have only a limited Estate therein, the Contract for Redemption shall not be concluded without the Sanction of One of the Judges of the Landed Estates Court, after giving Notice to such Persons as he shall think proper; and in case such Contract shall be sanctioned such Deed or Deeds shall be executed by the Parties as the said Judge shall direct.

5. The Judge of the Landed Estates Court shall investigate such Title, and if it shall be sufficient he may cause a Certificate of his Approbation thereof to be annexed to the Contract for Redemption; and such Certificate shall have the Effect of giving to the Person taking the Land or Rent under such Contract the same Title thereto as if the same had been conveyed to him by One of the Judges after a Sale thereof in the Landed Estates Court.

Owner of Land and Owner of Kent may agree for Redemption, of such Kent

In Cases of limited Interests, Contract of Redemption to have Sanction of Judge of Landed Estates Court Judge of Landed Estates Court to examine and certify Title.

6. Every

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 38.

0. Every Deed executed by the Direction of the Judge, and every Certificate annexed to the Contract for [Redemption, as aforesaid, which respectively shall have the Force or Operation of a Conveyance of any Rentcharge under this Act, shall be chargeable with ad valorem Stamp Duty as upon a Conveyance on Sale; that is to say, where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be a Sum of Money in gross the said act valorem Stamp Duty shall be chargeable in respect of such Sum of Money as the Purchase or Consideration Money; and where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be Lands or Tenements, then the said Deed or Certificate shall be chargeable with the ad valorem Stamp Duty which would be chargeable on a Conveyance of such Lands or Tenements on the Sale thereof in consideration of the Rent contracted to be redeemed.

7. Where it is intended to redeem under this Act a Part only of any Rent, it shall be lawful for One of the Judges of the Landed Estates Court to apportion the Rent reserved by the Lease or Grant as between the Part thereof to be redeemed and the Land as to which the same is to be extinguished and the remaining Part or Parts of the said Rent and Land; and the Judge shall direct Notice of any such intended Apportionment as aforesaid to be given to such Persons and in such Manner as he shall think fit, and shall hear such Parties as sh^ll apply in relation thereto; and after such Apportionment, and after the said Part of the said Rent shall have been so redeemed, the Owner of the remaining Part of the said Rent so apportioned shall have the like Remedies for the Recovery thereof against the Lands out of which the same shall be payable, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, as were subsisting for the entire Rent before such Apportionment; and all the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements of every Lease or Grant, except as to the Amount of Rent to be paid, shall, as regards the Part or Parts not redeemed, remain in force, in the same Manner as they would have done if such Redemption had not taken place: Provided always, that the Enactment in this Section shall be deemed to apply to the Redemption of any Parte of the same original Rent to be redeemed at different Times; provided also, that where any such Part of the said Rent so intended to be redeemed shall have been theretofore apportioned or fixed and determined as between the Owners of such Lands or Tenements liable to Payment of the whole Rent, and such Part or Parts shall have been theretofore apportioned as between such Owners themselves, such Apportionment shall be adopted and acted upon to all Intents and Purposes as if the same was made under the Provisions of this Section.

8. Any Reservations or Exceptions, or any Returns, Services, or Duties, secured by or contained in the Instrument by which such Rent may have been created or reserved, may (with the Sanction and Approval of a Judge of the Landed Estates Court, but not otherwise,) be granted or released together with the Rent, if the Parties interested therein shall agree thereto, and shall express such Agreement in the Contract by which such Rent shall be redeemed or extinguished.

9. When it shall be necessary to pay the Purchase Money of any Rent to Trustees for Application under this Act, if such Trustees shall not already exist, or have been created by Deed or Will or other Instrument, Trustees shall be appointed by a Judge of the Landed Estates Court, and all such Trustees shall apply the same on the same Uses and Trusts, and hold the same subject to the same Charges and Limitations, as the Rent which had been redeemed; and until a legal Application of such Purchase Money can be made the Trustees shall invest the same in the Public Funds, and shall pay the annual Dividends thereof to such Persons as would be entitled to the said Rent if it had not been redeemed or extinguished.

10. All Monies to be received on any Sale effected under the Authority of this Act may be applied under the Directions of a Judge of the Landed Estates Court to some One or more of the following Purposes; namely, the Purchase or Redemption of Quit or Crown Rent, or the Discharge or Redemption of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the Rent in respect of which such Purchase Money shall have been paid, or affecting any other Hereditaments subject to the same Uses or Trusts, or the Purchase of other Hereditaments to be settled in the same Manner as the Rent in respect of which the Money was paid, or the Payment to any Person becoming absolutely entitled.

27 & 28 Vict. B b 11. The

185

Deeds effecting Contracts for Redemption to be chargeable with ad valorem Stamp Duty as upon a Conveyance on Sale.

Apportioning Rent reserved, where Part only redeemed.

Reservations or Exceptions may go with the Rent.

If Payment to Trustees be necessary, Trustees to be appointed by a Judge of Landed Estates Court.

Application of

Purchase

Money.

m

Judges may make General Orders for all Proceedings in their Courts.

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 38, 39.

11. The Judges of the Landed Estates Court may from Time to Time make General Orders for regulating all Proceedings in their Courts under this Act, and the Costs of such Proceedings; and such Rules, so long as they shall be in force, shall have the same Effect as if they were comprised in this Act.

Extent of Act. 12. This Act shall only extend to Ireland.

Notice of Appeal against Poor Kate to be given to the Assessment Committee of Union.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend the Union Assessment Committee Act (1862).

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, i " in regard to Appeals against Poor Rates, and to make further Provisions for f securing correct and uniform V aluations of the Property liable to be assessed to the Relief i of the Poor Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. Before any Appeal shall be heard by any Special or Quarter Sessions against a Poor Rate made for any Parish contained in any Union to which the Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, applies, the Appellant shall give Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing

frevious to the Special or Quarter Sessions to which such Appeal is to be made of the ntention to appeal, and the Grounds thereof, to the Assessment Committee of such Union: Provided, that after the First Day of August next no Person shall be empowered to appeal to any Sessions against a Poor Rate made in conformity with the Valuation List approved of by such Committee, unless he shall have given to such Committee Notice of Objection against the said List, and shall have failed to obtain such Relief in the Matter as he deems just; and which Objection, after Notice given at any Time in the Manner prescribed by the said Act with respect to Objections, the Committee shall hear, with full Power to call for and amend such List, although the same has been approved of, and no subsequent List has been transmitted to them, and if they amend the same shall give Notice of such Amendment to the Overseers, who shall thereupon alter their then current Rate accordingly.

2. The Assessment Committee of such Union may, with the Consent of the Guardians of such Union, after Notice shall have been sent to every Guardian, appear as Respondents to such Appeal, but in the Name of the Guardians of such Union, in like Manner, and with the same Incidents, and subject to the same Liabilities, and entitled to the same Remedies and Rights, as in the Case of Persons other than the Overseers to whom Notice of Appeal may be given.

3. The Costs which the Committee may incur in consequence of becoming Respondents to such Appeal, or of having received Notice thereof, shall, if not recovered from the Appellants, as well as any Costs the Committee may be ordered to pay to the Appellants, be paid by the Guardians and charged to the Common Fund of the Union, unless the Court before whom such Appeal is heard shall direct that such Costs, or any Part thereof, shall be charged to the Parish, the Rate of which is appealed against.

4. Where a Valuer is appointed by the Assessment Committee he shall make his Valuation in Writing, showing the Particulars of the several Hereditaments comprised therein, and the Amounts at which he has valued the same respectively, and shall sign such Valuation, which shall be open to Inspection in like Manner and with the same Incidents with respect to the taking of Copies or Extracts as the Minute Books of the Committee.

Notice of As- 5. Within Fourteen Days after the Transmission to the Assessment Committee of any ^aIuat'011 or Supplemental Valuation List the Committee shall give Notice to every Rail' Companies. way, Telegraph, Canal, Gas, and Water Company named in such List as the Occupier of any Property included therein, and not having any Office or Place of Business in the

Parish

Committee may, with Consent of Guardians, he Corespondents.

Provision as to Costs of Committee on Appeals.

Valuation to be made in Writing.

18?

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 39.

Parish to which such List relates, of the Sum or Sums set down as the rateable Value of the Property purporting to be occupied by such Company or Companies, and such Notice may be served by being transmitted through the Post to the principal Office of the Company, or One of their principal Offices when there shall be more than One.

8. No Justice of the Peace shall be disqualified for acting in the Determination of any Appeal against a Poor Rate at any Quarter or Special Sessions by reason of such Justice being rated, or being liable to berated, in some other Parish in the Union than that for which the Rate appealed against is made.

7. When the Overseers of any Parish incur any Expense in making out any Valuation List or Supplemental List, or in revising or valuing any of the rateable Hereditaments of such Parish, under the Provisions of the Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, with the Consent of the Vestry given by express Resolution, after due Notice, they may charge such Expense, so far as the same may be authorized by the Vestry, .upon the Poor Rate; and if no Vestry Meeting be held, or no Decision arrived at on the Subject, then to the Extent which the Assessment Committee shall allow: Provided that, as regards the Valuation of the Property, no Expense shall be so charged upon the Poor Rate unless the Consent of such Committee to the procuring of such Valuation by the Overseers shall have been given previously to the same being made.

8. If the Assessment Committee order a Valuation, with the Consent of the Board of Guardians, to be made of all the rateable Hereditaments of any Parish, the Guardians of the Union may, if they think fit, apply to the Poor Law Board for an Order to enable them to borrow the requisite Amount to pay the Cost of such Valuation; and if the said Board shall issue their Order, the said Guardians may borrow the same and charge the Poor Rates of the several Parishes in the Union with the Repayment of the same by not more than Five equal annual Instalments; and where the Parish for which the Valuation is made shall, by reason of any Provision in the said Union Assessment Committee Act or this Act, be liable to pay the Cost of such Valuation, the said Guardians shall charge the annual Instalments, and the Interest payable therewith, to such Parish, and may recover the same as and with the usual Contributions.

9. The Clerk of every Assessment Committee shall send annually in the Month of December Copies of the Totals of the gross estimated Rental and rateable Value of the Property included in the Valuation Lists of the several Parishes within the Union, and where such Totals have been altered by any Supplemental Valuation List or Lists then of such Totals as altered, to the Clerk or respective Clerks of the Peace of the County or Counties within which such Parishes respectively may be situate.

10. If there be no Map or Plan of any Parish available for the Use or sufficient for the Purposes of the Assessment Committee, the Committee may, with the Consent of the Guardians, after Notice as aforesaid, and under the Authority of an Order of the Poor Law Board, appoint a competent Person to make a Map or Plan of such Parish, and the Cost thereof shall be charged either to the Common Fund, or to the Parish, as may be directed by the Poor Law Board.

11. Any Overseer who wilfully omits to make the Declaration required to be made by the Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, or makes the same falsely, knowing the same to be untrue, shall be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, upon a summary Conviction for the same before Two Justices of the Peace.

12. The Provisions of the Union Assessment Committee Act, 1862, shall, so far as the same are not contrary hereto, be incorporated herewith, and the Terms used herein shall be construed in like Manner as in that Act.

V

13. This Act may be cited as " The Union Assessment Committee Amendment Act, 1884."

Justices in certain Cases not disqualified for hearing Appeals.

Expenses of Overseers incurred with Consent of Vestry or allowed by Assessment Committee may be charged on Poor Rates.

Power to Guardians, with the Order of the Poor Law Board, to borrow Money for Valuation Expenses.

Clerks of Assessment Committees to fhr-nish Clerks of the Peace with Totals of Valuation Lists.

Power to Poor Law Board to order Map or Plan to be made.

Penalty on Overseers omitting to make Declaration or making false Declaration.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 103. incorporated herewith.

[Short Title.]

V

Bb 2

1«S '

2 & 3 W. 4. c. 121.

6 & 7 W.4. c. 94.

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 40.

CAP. XL.

An Act for authorizing the Relinquishment in favour of the King of the Hellenes of certain Money payable in respect of the Greek Loan.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth (Chapter One hundred and twenty-one), "to " enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and " the King of the French and Emperor of All the Russias and the King of Bavariaafter Recitals, showing that His said late Majesty and the then King of the French and the then Emperor of All the Russias had entered into Undertakings for the guaranteeing of a Loan to be contracted by Prince Otho of Bavaria as King of Greece., His said late Mfyeety, His Heirs and Successors, were authorized to guarantee such Loan upon the Terms and Conditions therein referred to, and the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom were empowered out of the Consolidated Fund to issue such Sums as in the said Act were mentioned:

i And whereas the said Act was amended by the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His said late Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four:

And whereas the said Loan was contracted, and certain Sums have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund in pursuance of the said Acts:

And whereas in (he Month of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty an Arrange-

ment was concluded at Athens by the Greek Government, with the Concurrence of the 6rwA-Chamber8, in virtue whereof the Greek Treasury engaged with Her Majesty and the Emperor of the Frmek and the Emperor of All the Russias, as the Guarantors of the said Loan, to pay certain Sums annually to each of them:;

And whereas by a Treaty made and signed at London on the Thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three (and duly ratified) between Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French and the Emperor of All the Russias on the one Part, and the King of Denmark on the other Part, the King of Denmark, in accordance with the Prince Christian of Denmark acting in the Character of Guardian of his Son the Prince Christian William Ferdinand Adolphus George, accepted for that Prince, a Minor, the Hereditary Sovereignty of Greece, offered to him as therein mentioned:

(And whereas an Article was agreed on between the said contracting Parties to the following Effect; namely, —

4 u Article X. — Each of the Three Courts will give up in favour of Prince William

" of Denmark Four thousand Pounds a Year out of the Sums which the Greek i " Treasury has engaged to pay annually to each of them in pursuance of the Arrange- iC ment concluded at Athens by the Greek Government, with the Concurrence of the

" Chambers, in the Month of June 1860:

" It is expressly understood that these Three Sums, forming a Total of Twelve c <c thousand Pounds Sterling annually, shall be destined to constitute a personal

" Dotation of His Majesty the King, in addition to the Civil List fixed by the Law c " of the State

And whereas by another Treaty made and signed at London on the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four (and duly ratified) between Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French and the Emperor of All the Russias on the one Part, and the King of the Hellenes on the other Part, Her Majesty and the Emperor of the French and the Emperor of All the Russias declared that Greece, within the Limits therein mentioned, including the Ionian Islands, should form a monarchial, independent, and constitutional State, under the Sovereignty of His Majesty King George, and under the Guarantee of the Three Courts:

And whereas an Article was agreed on between the last-mentioned contracting Parties to the following Effect; namely, —

" Article VI. — Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ' " and Ireland, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and His Majesty the Emperor of All the Russias, agree to relinquish in favour of His Majesty King George I. each Four thousand Pounds Sterling a Year out of the Sums which the

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 40, 41.

" Greek Treasury has engaged to pay annually to each of them, in virtue of the " Arrangement concluded at Athens by the Greek Government, with the Concurrence ' u of the Greek Chambers, in the Month of June 1860: f /

" It is expressly understood that these Three Sums, forming a Total of Twelve ' " thousand Pounds Sterling annually, shall be destined to constitute a personal s " Dotation of His Majesty King George I., in addition to the Civil List fix<ed byAj^c

" Law of the State. The Accession of His Majesty to the Hellenic Throne bhal^not

"otherwise involve any Change in the financial Engagements which Greece has " contracted by Article XII. of the Convention of May 7i 1882, towards tire

" c " Powers Guarantors of the Loan, nor in the Execution of the Engagement taken by cUf the Hellenic Government in the Month of June 1860, upon the Representation of "the Three Courts:" r And whereas it is expedient that the recited Articles of the said Treaties as for as they ' relate to the Engagements on the Part of Her Majesty therein comprised be confirmed,

and that Provision be made to give effect to those Engagements

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The recited Articles of the said Treaties as far as they relate to th^ Engagements on the Part of Her Majesty therein respectively comprised are hereby confirmed.

2. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treamiry to relinquish in favour of King George the First, the King of the Hellenes, during his Reign, the Sum of Four thousand Pounds Sterling a Year in the recited Articles mentioned, and accordingly to the Extent of a Sum of Four thousand Pounds Sterling a Year during the Reign of the said King to release the Greek Treasury from the Obligation of the Arrangement concluded atr Athens in the Month of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty as aforesaid.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Charity called "The Free Grammar School " in the City of Coventry.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, in their Report to ' Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eight hundred ' and sixty-three, have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified a Scheme for " The Free Grammar School in the City of Coventry" and such Scheme is set out in the Appendix to their said Report: And whereas it is expedient that the said Scheme, as c the same is set out in the Schedule to this Act, should be confirmed Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Scheme shall be confirmed and take effect.

SCHEDULE.

SCHEME.

1. From and after the Establishment of this Scheme, the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint John in the City of Coventry shall be severed and held separately from the Office of Head Master of the above-mentioned Free Grammar School, and the respective Offices of Usher of the said School and Lecturer of Saint John's Church shall be abolished.

2. The

t- // r

Confirmation of Treaties.

Power to Treasury to relinquish in favour of George I. during his Reign 4,000l. a Year.

11th Report, dated 27 th Feb. 1864.

Scheme confirmed.

lflfl 27p & 28° VICTORIA, c. 41, 42.

2. The Provisional Agreement made on or about the 22d Day of December 1850 by the then Trustees of the said School with the Reverend Thomas Sheepshanks, Clerk, the present Rector of the said Parish Church of Saint John, for the Relinquishment by him the said Thomas Sheepshanks of the Office of Head Master of the said School, then held by him jointly with the said Rectory, upon the Terms following; namely,

That the said Rectory, with the Emoluments and Profits exclusively attached or belonging thereto, should thenceforth be retained and held separately by him, subject to the Obligation of performing the whole of the parochial and other Duties incidental to the Tenure of such Rectory; and that he the said Thomas Sheepshanks should also receive out of the Income of the said School Estate, in addition to the said Emoluments and Profits, the annual Stipend or Sum of 420/., to be paid to him by the said Trustees during his Tenure of the said Rectory by equal half-yearly Payments on the 24th Day of June and the 25th Day of December in every Year: shall from and after the Establishment of this Scheme be confirmed and held to have taken effect from the Execution of such Agreement; and the Trustees of the said Charity are hereby authorized, with the Sanction and Approval of the Charity Commissioners, to do any Apts and to make and execute any Deeds or Assurances which may be necessary or proper for carrying the aforesaid Terms of the said Agreement into more complete effect.

3. The Trustees of the said Charity shall pay out of the yearly Income thereof to every future Rector of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, from and after the Avoidance of such Rectory by the said Thomas Sheepshanks, the yearly Stipend or Sum of 200/., by equal half-yearly Payments, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Right and Claim on the Part of such Rector to or for any Payment, Remuneration, or other Benefit from or out of the Endowment of the said School.

4. The Advowson or Right of Patronage and Presentation of and to the said Rectory of the said Parish of Saint John's shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Establishment of this Scheme, be sold by the Trustees of the said Charity, with the Approbation of thu Charity Commissioners; and the clear Amount of the Proceeds of such Sale shall be invested in the Purchase of Consolidated 3/. per Cent. Annuities in the Name of the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, in augmentation of the principal Endowments of the said Charity.

5. If any Doubt or Question shall arise among the Trustees of the said Charity or any of them as to the Construction or proper Application of any of the Provisions of this Scheme, or the Mode of giving effect to the same, Application may be made by the said Trustees or the Majority of them to the Charity Commissioners for England and Wales for their Opinion and Advice thereon, which Opinion or Advice, if given, shall be binding on the Trustees and other Persons interested in the Matter.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions and Parishes.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made to enable Superannuation ' Allowances to be granted to Officers of Unions and Parishes who become disabled

by Infirmity or Age to discharge the Duties of their Offices Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Power to Guar- 1. That the Guardians of any Union or Parish, and the Trustees or Overseers of any (liana and Trus- Parish appointed or incorporated under a Local Act, may, at their Discretion, with the ^oTpoot Consent of the Poor Law Board, grant to any Officer whose whole Time has been devoted Law Board, to to the Service of the Union or Parish and who shall become incapable of discharging the Duties

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 42, 43. 191

of his Office with Efficiency, by reason of permanent Infirmity of Mind or Body, or grant Super-of old Age, upon his resigning or otherwise ceasing to hold his Office, an annual Allowance fowa^ceTto not exceeding in any Case Two Thirds of his then Salary, whether computed according to officers in cer-a fixed Sum or to a Poundage, and shall charge such Allowance to the same Fund as that tain Cases, to which such Salary would have been charged if he had continued in his Office.

2. This Allowance shall be payable to or in trust for such Officer only, and shall not be Such Allow-aseignable nor chargeablo with his Debts or other Liabilities. ^abie° b *

3. No Officer shall be entitled to such Allowance on the Ground of Age who shall not Limitation of have completed the full Age of Sixty Years, and shall not have served as an Officer of some G1*8 of A1* Union or Parish for Twenty Years at the least. owances.

4. No Grant shall be made without One Month's previous Notice, to be specially given Notice of Grant in Writing to every Guardian of the Union or Parish and to every Member of the Board to

of Trustees or Overseers fas the Case may be), of the Proposal to make such Grant, and uar an*' the Time when it shall be Drought forward.

5. The Words herein used shall be interpreted in the Manner prescribed by the Statute Interpretation of the Fourth and Fifth Years of WUtiam the Fourth; Chapter Seventy-six, and the °n^£dshere subsequent Acte amending or explaining the same.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to grant additional Facilities for the Purchase of small Government Annuities, and for assuring Payments of Money on Death.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS under the Act Sixteenth and Seventeenth Victoria, Chapter Forty-five, 4 Deferred Annuities of small Amounts can only be granted upon the Condition that the full Amount required to purchase such Annuities shall be paid in One Sum, or by annual Payments during a Course of Years fixed at the Time of Purchase: And whereas under the said Act Contracts for Payment of a Sum of Money on Death cannot be entered into except upon the Condition that the Party contracting for such Payment on Death shall at the same Time purchase a Deferred Annuity depending upon his or her own Life: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Deferred Annuities, authorized to be granted by the Second Section of the said Act, may be granted upon the Condition, to be fixed at the Time of Purchase, that the Sum required under the said Act to purchase such Annuity shall be payable in smaller Instalments and at shorter Periods than are now fixed by the said Act.

2. Annuities authorized to be granted under the Second Section of the said Act may be granted in Amounts exceeding the Limit of Thirty Pounds fixed by the said Act, but no such Annuity shall be granted to any One Person to an Amount exceeding Fifty Pounds per Annum.

3. So much of the Tenth Section of the said Act as requires that a Deferred Annuity shall be purchased by any Person contracting with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for Payment of a Sum of Money on Death shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

4. No Contract for a Payment on Death shall be entered into by or on behalf of any Person under the Age of Sixteen or over the Age of Sixty Years.

5. No

1(> & 17 Vict. c. 45.

Deferred Annuities may be granted if Sam required be paid in smaller Instalments.

Such Annuities may be granted to Extent of 50/.

Portion of Sect. 10 of recited Act repealed.

Limit on Age of Persons insured.

192

Limit of Sum insured.

Power to construct fresh Tables for Annuities and Insurances.

This Act not to come in force until Tables can be legally acted on.

Provision in case of Default by Purchasers after Five Years Payments.

Purchasers liable to Provisions of existing Savings Banks Acts.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 43.

5. No Contracts for Payment to be made on the Death of any One Person under this and the said Act shall be for a greater Amount in the whole thin One hundred Pounds, or of a less Amount than Twenty Pounds.

6. ' Whereas by the Sixteenth Section of the said Act it is enacted, that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time direct the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to use and adopt such Tables as shall from Time to Time

be authorized and approved of by the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Grant of i Annuities and for Payment of Sums of Money to be secured at Death under the Provisions 1 of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Fund to be formed by the Receipt of Sums on account of all such Contracts effected under the said Act and this Act shall be adequate to meet all Claims accruing and to accrue thereon, so as to render certain the Fulfilment of all Engagements to Persons contracting for such Annuities or Payments on Death, or for any Compositions or Sums agreed to be granted upon the Lapse of any Contract, without entailing any Charge in respect thereof, or in respect of Costs and ' Expenses on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom Be it enacted, therefore, That the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause Tables to be constructed in accordance with the Principles above recited, upon which Annuities or Payments on Death shall be contracted for under the said Act and this Act, and the said Tables shall be framed, first, for such Contracts as shall provide for the Consideration Money in One Sum; second, for such Contracts as shall provide for the like Payments in annual Sums; and, third, for such Contracts as shall provide for the like Payments by more frequent Instalments; and such Tables, when the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have approved of the same, shall, together with a Statement of the Rules observed in constructing them, be laid before both Houses of Parliament for Thirty Days before they shall be acted upon; and if any Address shall be presented to Her Majesty from either House of Parliament praying that such Tables may be revoked and cancelled, such Tables shall be revoked and cancelled accordingly; and thereupon the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall order other Tables to be framed for their Approval in lieu of the Tables so revoked and cancelled. The Tables for Payments on Death shall be calculated, so far as the Interest of Money is concerned, at the Rate of Three per Centum per Annum.

7. Until the Tables made in pursuance of this Act can be legally acted on, this Act shall not come into force so far as to enable any Grant to be made of an Insurance on the Life of any Person or any Grant to be made of any Annuity the Consideration Money for which is paid by Instalments more frequent than annual Instalments.

8. In case any Person who shall contract under the Provisions of the said Act and of this Act for a Payment to be made at Death, after having paid the several Premiums for a Period of not less than Five Years, shall desire to surrender his Policy, or shall make default in the Payments stipulated to be made according to the Contract, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the Option of the Party beneficially interested in the Contract, shall pay to such Person such Sum of Money, not being less than One Third of the Premiums paid by him, as shall be fixed by the Regulations authorized to be framed under the Provisions of this Act, or shall grant to him such a paid-up Policy of Assurance, or such an Immediate or Deferred Life Annuity, under the Tables in force under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, as shall be equivalent in Value to the Sum which under the Provisions of this Act would be paid to him in Money; but it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think fit, to enter into Contracts for Payments to be made at Death, on the Condition that nor Portion of the Premiums paid are to be returnable; and no Premium shall be returned in pursuance of this Section in respect of any Contract so made.

9. For the Purposes of this Act and of the said Act, every Person purchasing an Annuity, or having purchased the same under the Provisions of the said Act, or contracting for the Payment of a Sum of Money on his or her Death, shall be considered as a Depositor in a Savings Bank; and all the Provisions of the Acts now in force relating to Savings Banks, in as far as the same can or may be applicable, shall apply to the Parties having purchased or purchasing such Annuities, or contracting for the Payment of Money on Death, and to

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 43. 193

the Rules and Regulations to be made for carrying the same into effect: Provided always, that nothing in this Act or the said Act contained shall be held to exempt any Person or Persons entering into a Contract for a Payment on Death, or any Person or Persons becoming beneficially interested therein, from Probate or any Stamp Duty payable by Law.

10. If Payment of any Sum of Money due on a Contract made under this Act for Payment Jurisdiction of of Money on Death shall be refused by, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National County Court. Debt, the Party beneficially interested therein may, if he think fit, instead of proceeding

to Arbitration in manner provided by the said Savings Banks Acts, take Proceedings against the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the County Court of the District in which such Contract was entered into, or with the Consent of the said Commissioners in any other County Court in the Jurisdiction of which such Party may be resident, for the Recovery of the Amount; and any County Court in which Proceedings under this Section may be taken shall have Jurisdiction in the Matter, and the Decision thereupon shall be final and binding on all Parties to all Intents and Purposes, and without any Appeal; and for the Purposes of this Act the Contract shall be deemed to have been entered into at the Place where the Party insured resided at the Time at which the Contract bears Date.

For the Purpose of Arbitration under the said Aots relating to Savings Banks, the said

Commissioners shall when necessary be deemed to be in the Place of the Trustees of the

Sayings Banks. In Scotland the Sheriff Court, and in Ireland the Civil Bills Court of the Jurisdiction of

Chairman of Quarter Sessions, shall have the same Jurisdiction as is given by this Section

to the County Court. land. re"

11. Any Person who shall contract under the Provisions of this Act and of the said Act Assignment of for a Payment to be made at Death may, after having duly paid for Five Years of upwards Contracts, the Premiums thereon, assign his Right and Interest therein, upon Payment of such Fee and

on such Conditions as shall be fixed ' by Regulations made under the Authority of this Act.

The Assignee of such Contract shall take, both at Law and in Equity, all such Right and Interest therein, including the Right to sue, as was possessed by the Assignor, but no other or greater Right or Interest.

12. The Commissioners shall not, except in so far as is provided by the said Act, receive Commissioners or be affected by Notice, however given, of any Trust affecting any Annuity, or any Contract ^Notice for Payment on Death, made in pursuance of this and the said Act. of Trust*. CC

13. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with the Consent of the Commissioners Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may make Regulations for fixing the Aanounts ^PjSti^a°n of the several Instalments and Premiums, and the Periods at which such Instalments and x)ebMo°regn-Premiume shall be paid, in respect of the Purchase Money payable upon all Contracts late Instalments, which shall be made under the Authority of this and the said Act, but so as not to affect any Contract previously made; and no Sum in respect of Instalments or Premiums payable at any One Time shall be of less Amount than Two Shillings.

14. The Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may, if he shall think fit, authorize and direct such of his Officers as he may select to receive such Monies as may become payable upon Contracts entered into under this and the said Act for Investment with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to pay on behalf of the said Commissioners all such Monies as may become due and payable under such Contracts.

15. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may, in like Manner, Power to Com-with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think fit, authorize the Trustees of Savings Banks established under the Act of the Twenty-sixth SVTru8tU8°ofy and Twenty-seventh Victoria, Chapter Eighty-seven, with Consent of such Trustees, to Savings Banks, receive such Monies as may become payable upon Contracts entered into under this Act for Remittance to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and to pay on behalf of the said Commissioners all such Monies as may become due and payable under such Contracts, and may make to the said Trustees a reasonable Allowance for their Expenses, in respect of such Transactions, out of the Monies so received and paid over by the said Trustees to the said Commissioners.

27 & 28 Vict. C c 10. The

Power to Postmaster General, with Consent of Treasury, to authorize Ins Officers to receive Monies.

Power to Postmaster General, with Consent of Treasury, to make Regulations for carrying out Provisions of this Act

Accounts of Postmaster General and Commissioners to be submitted to Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts.

Amending Provisions or

20 & 21 Vict c. 85. as to Orders of Protection of Property of Wife deserted by her Husband.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 43, 44.

10. The Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may make all Regulations for carrying out the Provisions of this Act, in so far as his Department is concerned; and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may jhAke Regulations for carrying out the Provisions of this Act so far as the Trustees of Savings Banks are concerned, and also for the Execution of Contracts on behalf of the said Commissioners, by any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, or appointed by the Postmaster General, with the Consent of the said Commissioners; and all Regulations made by the said Postmaster General and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt respectively shall be binding to the same Extent as if such Regulations formed Part of this Act; and Copies of all Regulations issued under the Authority of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

17. The annual Accounts of the Postmaster General and of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, in respect to all Monies received or invested under the Authority of this Act, shall annually, prior to the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, be submitted by the said Postmaster General and by the said Commissioners for Examination and Audit to the Commissioners for auditing Public. Accounts.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend the Act relating to Divorce and Matrimonial Causes in England, Twentieth and Twenty-nrst Victoria, } Chapter Eighty-five.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend -an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1, Where under the Provisions of Section Twenty-one of the said Act a Wife deserted by her Husband shall have obtained or shall hereafter obtain an Order protecting, her Earnings and Property from a Police Magistrate, or Justices in Petty Sessions, or the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, as the Case may be, the Husband and any Creditor or other Person claiming under him may apply to the Court or to the Magistrate or Justices by whom such Order was made for the Discharge thereof as by the said Act authorized; and in case the said Order shall have been made by a Police Magistrate and the said Magistrate shall have died or been removed, or have become incapable of acting, then in every such Case the Husband or Creditor, or such other Person as aforesaid, may apply to the Magistrate for the Time being acting as the Successor or in the Place of the Magistrate who made the Order of Protection, for the Discharge of it, who shall have Authority to make an Order discharging the same; and an Order for Discharge of an Order for Protection may be applied for to and be granted by the Court, although the Order for Protection was not made by the Court, and an Order for Protection made at One Petty Sessions may be discharged by the Justices of any later Petty Sessions, or by the Court.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 45.

195

CAP. XLV.

An Act to further amend The Settled Estates Act of 1856.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Tenth Section of the Act passed in the Parliament holden in the 4 Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to facilitote Liases and Sales of Settled Estates, it was enacted, that when the Court of Chancery should deem it expedient that any general Powers of leasing any Settled Estates, conformably to the said Act, should be vested in Trustees, it might, by Order, vest any such ' Power accordingly either in the existing Trustees of the Settlement or in any other Persons, and that in every such Case the Court, if it should think fit, might impose any Conditions as to Consents or otherwise on the Exercise of such Power: And whereas, in order to protect the Interests of Persons interested in the Settled Estates affected by such Powers, the Practice of the said Court has been to require that Leases granted in pursuance of a Power vested in any Trustees or other Persons, under the Provisions of the said Tenth Section of the said Act, should be settled by the said Court or by a Judge thereof, 4 or otherwise should be made conformable with a model Lease deposited in the Chambers of the Judge: And whereas the Introduction of such a Condition has been found to occasion Delay and Expense, and so to create great Difficulties in carrying into execution the Objects of the Act, and such Conditions may in general be safely omitted, and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should be amended as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In Orders to be hereafter made under the said Tenth Section for vesting any Powers of leasing in any Trustees or other Persons, no Condition shall be inserted requiring that the Leases thereby authorized should be submitted to or be settled by the said Court or a

19 & 20 Vict. c. 120.

Conditions that Leases shall be settled by the Court not to be

Judge thereof, or be made conformable with a model Lease deposited in the Judge's inserted in

— - ---- Orders under

Sect. 10. of recited Act.

Chambers, save only in any Case in which the Parties applying for the Order may desire to have any such Condition inserted, or in which it shall appear to the Court that there is some special Reason rendering the Insertion of such a Condition necessary or expedient.

2. In all Cases of Orders already made in pursuance of the said Tenth Section, in which any Such ConcHtion as aforesaid has been inserted, it shall be lawful for any Party interested to apply to the Court to alter and amend such Order, by striking out such Condition, and the Court shall have full Power to alter the same accordingly, and the Order so altered shall have the same Validity as if it had originally been made in its altered State; but nothing herein contained shall make it obligatory on the Court to act under this Clause in any Case in which from the Evidence which was before it when the Order sought to be altered was made, or from any other Evidence, it shall appear to the Court that there is any special Reason why in the Case in question such a Condition is necessary or expedient.

3. And whereas Doubts are entertained whether in the Construction of the First Section of the said Act the Court is bound by the State of Facts existing at the Period of the Settlement taking effect, or by the State of Facts at the Time of an Application to the Court under the said Act, and it is desirable that such Doubts should be removed:* Be it enacted, That the said Court, in determining what are Settled Estates within the said Act, shall be governed by the State of Facts and by the Trusts or Limitations of the Settlement at the Time of the said Settlement taking effect.

This Act shall be construed and dealt with as Part of the said former Act as amended by the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-seven, and all Proceedings under this Act shall be subject to the same Rules and Orders, and shall be conducted in the same Manner, as Proceedings under the said former Acts.

5. This Act shall extend to Ireland, but not to Scotland.

Conditions already inserted may be struck out by Court

Removal of Doubts as to Construction of Sect 1. of recited Act.

Act to be construed with recited Act

V.Ttont nf A

r

10* 27" & 28>« VICTORIA, -c. 46, -

Investment of Monies received by Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt on account of Deferred Annuities and Payments on Death.

AnnuaJ, A<>

count of all Monies received and of Disposal thereof to be laid before Parliament

Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt to transmit to Treasury evrey Five Years a Statement of financial Result of Engagements and Liabilities. Provision in case of Deficiency or Surplus.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to provide for tJbe Investment and Appropriation of all Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments to be made on Death.

[14th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Investment and Appropriation of alj c Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under any Acts in force in that respect on account of Deferred Life Annuities and Payments on c Death, and to secure due Payment thereof to the Parties respectively entitled thereto; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ttye same, as follows:

L. All Monies received by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of Contracts for Deferred Life Annuities and for Payments on Death, entered into under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament subsequently to the paisiif^ of this Act, shall be invested in such and the like Securities ub the said Conunissionefs are authorized by Law to purchase on account of Savings Banks, and such Securities shall )be held by the said Commissioners applicable to meet the Claims on account of such Deferred Annuities and Payments on Death; and the said Commissioners shall, in respect of all anch Monies, have such and the like Powers as are now vested by Law in the said Commissioned in respect of Monies received by them from the Trustees of Savings Banks for Investment g and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, if they shall think it advantageous to ther Public Service, convert any Capital Stocks of Annuities held by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of stich Investments into an equivalent Amount of Annuities for a Term of Years, chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and whenever such Conversion shall take place the Capital Stocks of Annuities so converted shall be cancelled, and Copies of the Authorities under which such Conversion shall have been made shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

2. An Account of all Monies received and of the Disposal thereof, and of all Contracts for the Grant of such Deferred Life Annuities, and for Payments on Death, made between the First Day of January and the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament not later than the Thirty-first Day of March neflLt following: and such Accounts shall show —

The Amounts of Receipts during the Year on Contracts; '

The Number and Amount of Payments made on account of Contracts during the Year;

The Amount of Expenses during the Year;

The Number and Amount of new Contracts entered into;

The total Number and Amount of all current Contracts at the End of the Year;

The whole Amount of Capital, distinguishing the Manner in which invested, how much in Cash, how much in Securities, specifying their Nature;

The average Rate of Interest*received upon each Class of Investment^;

The Table of Mortality and the Rate of Interest used in calculating the Premiums.

3' The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall prepare and shall transmit to thd Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at the End of every Five Years, a Statement of the Result of a Valuation of the Engagements made and Liabilities incurred during the preceding Five Years, and of the Assets applicable to meet the same; and if it shall appear that the Amount of the Liabilities is greater than that of the said Asserts, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall charge the Deficiency upon the Consolidated Fund; and if it shall appear that the Value of the Assets is more than sufficient to discharge the Liabilities, the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct that there be cancelled out of the Securities held by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt an Amount not exceeding Four Fifths of such Surplus.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 46, 47. 197

4. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time, upon being Treasury to satisfied that the Assets are not sufficient to meet the Liabilities, and upon a Certificate to ue °?t of that effect under, the Hands of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller acting FundTsums under the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, direct such Suras to be necessary to issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Pro- make good De duce thereof, as may be necessary to .meet the said Liabilities: Provided always, that no ficiencj* such Sums shall be issued as, taken together, shall exceed the Amount charged upon the Consolidated Fund under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend the Penal Servitude Acts.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were passed, the one Chapter Ninety-nine in the Session of the i6 &, 17 Vict. ' - Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and the other c- "

Chapter Three in the Session of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the same Reign, 203* 21 Vict *

having for their Object the Substitution of other Punishments in lieu of Transportation:

And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Acts:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall be construed as One with the above-mentioned Acts, and the said Acts, short Titles, together with this Act, may be cited for all Purposes as the Penal Servitude Acts, 1853,

1857, and 1864, and each of the said Acts may be cited as the Penal Servitude Act of the Year , in which it was passed.

Sentences of Penal Servitude *

2. No Person shall be sentenced to Penal Servitude in respect to any Offence committed Length of Sen-after the passing of this Act for a Period of less than Five Years, and where under any Aci tenc<? of Penal now in force a Period of less than Five Years is the utmost Sentence of Penal Servitude Servltu e that can be awarded, a Period of Five Years shall, in respect to any Offence committed after the passing of this Act, iu such Act be substituted for the less Period; and where under any Act now in force a Period of either less or more than Five Years may be awarded as a Sentence of Penal Servitude, the least Sentence of Penal Servitude that can be awarded under that Act shall, in respect to any Offence committed after the passing of this Act, be a Period of Five Years; and where any Person shall on Indictment be convicted of any Crime or Offence punishable with Penal Servitude, after having been previously convicted of Felony, or, in Scotland, of any Crime, (whether such previous Conviction shall have taken £laee upon an Indictment or under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Eighteenth and ' Nineteenth of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty-six,) the least Sentence of Penal Servitude that can be awarded in such Case shall be a Period of Seven Years.

Convict Prisons.

8. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Great Britain? and the Lord Punishment Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in Ireland? may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, empower any Two or more Justices of the Peace, to be named in such Warrant, acting for Nisons?0 mny County in which a Prison for the Reception of Convicts under Sentence of Penal Servitude is situate, to order, from Time to Time, the Infliction of Corporal Punishment on any Convict confined in such Prison, for an Offence committed by such Convict in 6iick Prison, and against the Discipline thereof; and any Two or more Justices of the Peace thus empowered shall have the same Power of adjudicating on such Offences, and of ordering the Infliction of such Punishment, to be exercised under the same Conditions as One of the Directors of Convict Prisons would have, and no greater.

Licences.

108

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

lAcences.

Forfeiture of 4. A Licence granted under the said Penal Servitude Aots, or any of them, may be in

Licence. the Form set forth in Schedule (A) to this Act annexed, and may be written, printed, or lithographed. If any Holder of a Licence granted in the Form set forth in the said Schedule (A.) is convicted, either by the Verdict of a Jury, or upon his own Confession, of any Offence for which he is indicted, his Licence shall be forthwith forfeited by virtue of such Conviction; or if any Holder of a Licence granted under the said Penal Servitude Acts, or any of them, who shall be at large in the United Kingdom, shall, unless prevented by Illness or other unavoidable Cause, fail to report himself personally, if in Great Britain to the Chief Police Station of the Borough or Police Division, and if in Ireland to the Constabulary Station of the Locality, to which he may go within Three Days after his Arrival therein, and being a Male subsequently once in each Month, at such Time and Place, in such Manner, and to such Person as the chief Officer of the Constabulary Force to which such Station belongs shall appoint, or shall change his Residence from one Police District to another without having previously notified the same to the Police or Constabulary Station to which he last reported himself, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and may be summarily convicted thereof, and his Licence shall be forthwith forfeited by virtue of such Conviction, but he shall not be liable to any other Punishment by virtue of such Conviction.

Offences by Holders of Licence.

Apprehension of Holder of Licence 'without Warrant

Summary Punishment of Offences.

5. If any Holder of a Licence granted in the Form set forth in the said Schedule (A.), —

1. Fails to produce his Licence when required to do so by any Judge, Justice of the

Peace, Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, Police or other Magistrate before whom he may be brought charged with any Offence, or by any Constable or Officer of the Police in whose Custody he may be, and also fails to make any reasonable Excuse why he does not produce the same; or

2. Breaks any of the other Conditions of his Licence by an Act that is not of itself

punishable either upon Indictment or upon summary Conviction;

He shall be deemed guilty of an Offence punishable summarily by Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Three Months, with or without Hard Labour.

6. Any Constable or Police Officer may, without Warrant, take into Custody any Holder of such a Licence whom he may reasonably suspect of having committed any Offence, or having broken any of the Conditions of his Licence, and may detain him in Custody until he can be taken before a Justice of the Peace or other competent Magistrate, and dealt with according to Law.

7. In England and Ireland any Offence under this Act punishable summarily may be prosecuted summarily before Two or more Justices; as to England, in manner directed by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Summary Convictions and Orders, or any Act amending the same; and as to Ireland, in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings of Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or any Act amending the same.

In Scotland any Offence under this Act punishable summarily may be prosecuted upon Summary Conviction at the Instance of the Procurator Fiscal before any Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute, or before any Two Justices of the County, or before the Magistrates or any Police Magistrate of the Burgh in which the Offence is committed.

Where Holder of Licence is summarily convicted, convicting Magistrate to forward Certificate to Secretary of State or Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

8. - Where any Holder of a Licence granted in the Form set forth in the said Schedule (A.) is convicted of an Offence punishable summarily under this or any other Act, the Justices, Sheriff, Sheriff Substitute, or other Magistrate convicting the Prisoner shall without Delay forward by Post a Certificate in the Form given in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexea, if in England or Scotland to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, if in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland, and thereupon the Licence of the said Holder may be revoked in manner provided by the said Penal Servitude Acts.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 47. 199

9. Where any Licence granted in the Form set forth in the said Schedule (A.) is Effect of forfeited by a Conviction of any indictable Offence, or is revoked in pursuance of a summary Conviction under this Act or any other Act of Parliament, the Person whose Licence is Licence, forfeited or revoked shall, after undergoing any other Punishment to which he may be sentenced for the Offence in consequence of which his Licence is forfeited or revoked, further undergo a Term of Penal Servitude equal to the Portion of his Term of Penal Servitude that remained unexpired at the Time of his Licence being granted, and shall, for the ^Purpose of his undergoing such last-mentioned Punishment, be removed from the Prison of

any County, Borough, or Place in which he may be confined, to any Prison in which Convicts under Sentence of Penal Servitude may lawfully be confined, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County, Borough, or Place, and shaJJt be liable to be there dealt with in all respects as if such Term of Penal Servitude had formed Part of his original Sentence.

10. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant Licences may or other Chief Governor in Ireland, whenever they shall respectively think fit, to grant from j^difffering Time to time to Convicts under Sentence of Penal Servitude, Licences in any other Form from that in different from that set forth in Schedule (A.), which they may respectively consider it Schedule (A.) expedient to adopt, and containing other and different Conditions; and such last-mentioned Licences shall be revocable at pleasure by the Authority by which they are granted; but

no Holder of such last-mentioned Licence shall be deemed guilty of an Offence punishable upon summary Conviction merely by reason of the Breach of the Conditions of the said last-mentioned Licences, or any of them.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Order of Licence to a Convict made under the Statute.

Whitehall,

Day of 18 h

Her Majesty is graciously pleased to grant to who was convicted of

at the for the on the and was

then and there sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for the Term of and is now confined in the Her Royal Licence to be at large from the

Day of his Liberation under this Order during the remaining Portion of his said Term of Penal Servitude, unless the said shall before the Expiration of the said

Term be convicted of some indictable Offence within the United Kingdom, in which Case such Licence will be immediately forfeited by Law, or unless it shall please Her Majesty sooner to revoke or alter such Licence.

This Licence is given subject to the Conditions endorsed upon the same, upon the Breach of any of which it will be liable to be revoked, whether such Breach is followed by a Conviction or not.

And Her Majesty hereby orders that the said be set at Liberty within

Thirty Days from the Date of this Order.

Given under my Hand and Seal

Conditions.

1. The Holder shall preserve his Licence and produce it when called upon to do so by a Magistrate or Police Officer.

2. He shall abstain from any Violation of the Law.

3. He shall not habitually associate with notoriously bad Characters, such as reputed Thieves and Prostitutes.

200

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 47, 48.

4. He shall not lead an idle and dissolute Life, without visible Means of obtaining an honest Livelihood.

If his Licence is forfeited or revoked in consequence of a Conviction for any Offence, he will be liable to undergo a Term of Penal Servitude equal to the Portion of his Term of Years which remained unexpired when his Licence was granted, viz *, the Term of Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Certificate of Conviction of Holder of Licence.

I do hereby certify that A.B., the Holder of a Licence under the Penal Servitude Acts, was on the Day of in the Year duly convicted by

of the Offence of and sentenced to

CD.,

Clerk to the said Justices.

CAP. XLVIII.

[Short Title.]

An Act for the Extension of the Factory Acts.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the effectual cleansing and Ventilation of the Factories in which are carried on the Manufactures and Employments specified in the First Schedule hereto, and for the Regulation of the Labour of the Children, — Young Persons, and Women employed therein:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Factory Acta Extension Act> 1864."

Application of 2. This Act shall apply only to the several Manufactures and Employments mentioned Act- in the said First Schedule.

Definition of 3. The Factory Acts shall mean such Provisions as are now in force of the Acts follow-"jSF* mg; that ia to say.

An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, Chapter One hundred and three, intituled An Act to regulate the Labour of Children and Young Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United Kingdom:

An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories:

An Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-four, intituled An Act to amend the Acts relating to Labour in Factories:

An Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, intituled An Act further to regulate the Employment of Children in Factories:

An Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Labour in Factories.

Sanitary Measures.

Factory to be 4. Every Factory to which this Act applies shall he kept in a cleanly State, and be and ve^ated. vent*l*ted *n 8UC^ a Manner as to render harmless so far as is practicable any Gases, Dust, or Ten other Impurities generated in the Process of Manufacture that may be injurious to Health.

", 27? & 28° VICTORIAE; c. 48.

If the Oectipier o£&ny Eactory fails to keep the same in conformity with Um^SeWtion, he shall be deemed to be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and to be subject m kespecttof auoh Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Ten* Founds hor less than Three Pounds.

The Court haying Jurisdiction under this Act may; in addition to or instead of inflicting any Penalty in respect of an Offence under this Section, make an Order directing that within a certain Time to be named in such Order certain Means are to she adopted by the Occupier for the Purpose of bringing his Factory into conformity with this Section; the Court may upon Application enlarge any Time appointed for the Adoption of the Means directed by the Order, but any Non-compliance with the Order of the Court shall, after the Expiration of the Time as originally limited or enlarged by subsequent Order, be deemed to be a continuing Offence; and to be punishabley by a Penalty not exceeding One Pound for every Pay that such NonrQompliance continues.

Special Rules.

5. In order to prevent the Requirements of this Act as to Cleanliness and Ventilation in a Factory being infringed to the Detriment of the Occupier by the wilful Misconduct or wilful Negligence of the Workmen employed therein, it shall be lawful for the Occupier of any Factory to make Special Rules for compelling the Observance amongst his Workmen of the Conditions necessary to insure the required Degree of Cleanliness and Ventilation, and to annex to any Breach of such Rules a Penalty not exceeding One Pound.

The Special Rules made in pursuance of this Section shall not be of any Validity until they have been approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Printed Copies of the Special Rules in force in any Factory shall be hung up in a legible Qqnditioif in Two or more conspicuous Places in the Factory, and a printed Copy shall be supplied to any Person employed in the Factory who may apply for a Copy., , f

A printed Copy of the Special Rules for the Time being in force in any Factory ^frtified 'fcuder the Hand of the Inspector for the Time being having Jurisdiction over such Factory ' shall be Evidence of such Rules, and of their having been approved by the said Secretary of State, and it shall be the Duty of the above-mentioned Inspector to certify Copies of Special Rules when required.

Application of Factory Acts.

6. The Factory Acts shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply to the several Manufactures and Employments mentioned in the said First Schedule, with the Qualifications and subject to the Additions herein-after mentioned:

(JU) The Term " Factory " as used in /this Act and in the Acts incorporated herewith shall mean in respect of the Manufactures and Employments to which this Act applies the Premises in that Behalf specified in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, but all other Terms in this Act shall have the same Meaning as is assigned to them in the Factory Acts:

(2.) During the First Six Calendar Months next ensuing the passing of this Act Children of not less than Eleven Years of Age may be employed for the same Time, and subject to the same Conditions, for and subject to which Young Persons exceeding Thirteen Years of Age may be employed in pursuance of the said Factory Acts: (3.) During the First Thirty Calendar Months next ensuing the passing of this Act Children of not les3 than Twelve Years of Age may be employed for the same Time, and subject to the same Conditions, for and subject to which Young Persons exceeding Thirteen Years of Age may be employed in pursuance of the said Factory Acts:

(4.) In the Manufacture of Lucifer Matches no Child, Young Person, or Woman shall be allowed to take his or her Meals in any Part of the Factory where any manufacturing Process (except that of cutting the Wood) is usually carried on; and any Child, Young Person, or Woman who is allowed to take his or her Meals in any Part of the Factory in contravention of the said Provision shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the Provisions of the Factory Acts:

(5.) Iu the Employment of Fustian Cutting no Child shall be allowed to commence Work until the Attainment of the Age of Eleven Years j and any Child who is allowed 27 & 28 Vict. D d to

0001

Special Rules for Regulation of Workmen in Factories.

The Factory Acts, as set out in Sect. 3, incorporated with this Act, and to apply to Manufactures, &c. in Fi^st Schedule.

202

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 48.

to commence Work in the Employment of Fustian Cutting before the said Ag6 of Eleven Years shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the said Factory Acts: (6.) During the First Eighteen Calendar Months next ensuing the passing of this Act so much of the said Factory Acts as provide that during any Time allowed for Mpals no Child, Young Person, or Woman shall be employed or allowed to remain in any Room in which any manufacturing Process is carried on, and that all the Young Persons employed in a Factory shall have the Time for Meals at the same Period of the Day, shall not apply to the Employment of Paper Staining, or to the Manufacture of Earthenware; subject to this Proviso, that, in the Case of the Manufacture of Earthenware, at no Time after the passing of this Act shall any Child, Young Person, or Woman be allowed to take his or her Meals, or to remain during any Time allowed for Meals, in the Dipping Houses, Dippers Drying Rooms, or China-scouring Rooms:

(7.) Whereas by the said Act of the Session of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifteen, Section Eighteen, it is provided, amongst other things, that all the inside Walls, Ceilings, or Tops of Rooms, whether plastered or not, and all the Passages and Staircases of evenr Factory which shall not have been painted with Oil once at least within Seven Years, shall be limewashed once at least within every successive Period of Fourteen Months, to date from the Period when last whitewashed: Be it enacted, That, in the Case of the Manufacture of Earthenware, the above-recited Provision shall not apply to those Parts of the Factory which are solely used for the Storage of Earthenware, and in which no Work is carried on except such as is by the Custom of the Trade incidental to such Storage or necessary for keeping the Earthenware in a fit State for Sale.

i

Recovery and 7. All Penalties under this Act, including Penalties for Breach of a Special Rule, shall jgsf1 recoverable and applied in manner in which Penalties are recoverable and applicable under n eB* the said Factory Acts, and the Term " Court " as used in this Act shall include any Justices, Sheriff, or other Magistrate having Jurisdiction in respect of such Penalties.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Manufactures and Employments to which Act applies.

The Manufacture of Earthenware, except Bricks and Tiles, not being ornamental Tiles. The Manufacture of Lucifer Matches.

The Manufacture of Percussion Caps.

The Manufacture of Cartridges.

The Employment of Paper Staining.

The Employment of Fustian Cutting.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Definition of the Word " Factory In the Manufacture of Earthenware, except as aforesaid:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in making or assisting in making, finishing or assisting in finishing. Earthenware of any Description.

In the Manufacture of Lucifer Matches:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in making Lucifer Matches, or in mixing the Chemical Materials for making them, or in any Process incidental to making Lucifer Matches, except the cutting of the Wood.

In the Manufacture of Percussion Caps:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in making Percussion Caps, or in mixing or storing the Chemical Materials for making them, or in any Process incidental to making Percussion Caps.

In

203

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 48, 49.

In the Manufacture of Cartridges:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in making Cartridges, or in any Process incidental to making Cartridges, except the Manufacture of the Paper or other Material that is used in making the Cases of the Cartridges.

In the Employment of Paper Staining:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in printing a Pattern in Colours upon Sheets of Paper either by Blocks applied by Hand, or by Rollers worked by Steam, Water, or other Mechanical Power.

In the Employment of Fustian Cutting:

Any Place in which Persons work for Hire in Fustian Cutting.

For the Purposes of this Act an Apprentice shall be deemed to be a Person working for Hiref

No Building or Premises used solely for the Purpose of a Dwelling House shall be deemed to be a Factory or Part of a Factory within the Meaning of this Act.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments," or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have qualified themselves according to an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Statute Two, Chapter Thirteen; or according to an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two, Chapter One; or according to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two; or according to an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the First, Chapter Six; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-six; or according to an Act of the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty; or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-three; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventeen; or according to an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices, or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit, or Corporate Offices; or according to an Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to qualify themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities 2' For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Every Person who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath omitted to take or make and subscribe any Oath, Assurance, or Declaration, or otherwise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath taken and subscribed the Oaths or Oath and Assurance, or made the Declarations or Declaration required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, shall take and subscribe the Oaths or

1 G. 1. St 2. c. IS.

13 C. 2. at 2. c. 1.

30 C. 2. st 2.

8 G. 1. c. 6.

9 G. 2. c. 26. 18 G. 2. c. 20. 6 G. 3. c. 53.

9 G.4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 48.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed ftirther Time.

204-'1-

Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths and Declaration required by the Irish Act, 2 Anne, c. 6.

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped alter the Time allowed.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, 6, 49.

Oath, and Assiir&nce, Declarations or Declaration respectively* in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Assurance, and Declarations ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in Such: Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties* Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect of Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or making and subscribing any Oaths or Oath, Assurance or Declaration, required by the said recited Acts or any of them, according to the abovermentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually reCapacitated and restored to the; same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself, according to the above-mentioned Acts and ^very of them; and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if eueh Person had duly taken or made and subscribed such Oath, Assurance, and Declaration, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person qualifying himself in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person had taken or made and subscribed such Oath or Oaths, Assurance and Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

2. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected,

(or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing e the Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned* by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby, indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as " if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner ns in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament.

3. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

4. Provided also. That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

5. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other ' Public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations,

and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns

27° & 28°.VICTORIA, «. 40., 205

which by several Aoia are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been ' provided) or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid

For the Belief of such Perseus whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same; have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, On or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred iand sixty-five, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admission* or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries; of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the.GoBunissioner8 of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on suqh Appointments,

Admiseions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped .Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be '

hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towhs respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in sue* Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

6. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be Not to restore construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, otfleeavoid^ Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her by Judgment Majesty's Churts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

7. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall after the passing General Issue, of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

206 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 50, 51.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to provide for the Registration and Transfer of Indian Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seven, Provision was made for the Regis-c tration and Transfer of India Stocks at the Bank of Ireland, and for the mutual Transfer ' of such Stocks from and to the Banks of England and Ireland respectively: And whereas it was therein provided that all Assignments or Transfers at the Bank of Ireland ' of any Part of the several Stocks, and the proportional Dividend attached thereto, should be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or by his, her, or their ' Attorney or Attornies lawfully authorized, and that the Person or Persons to whom any ' such Assignment or Transfer should be made, or in case of Absence his, her, or their ' Attorney or Attornies lawfully authorized, should respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring any such ' Stock and the Dividend attached thereto or any Interest therein at the Bank of Ireland

should be good and available in Law: And whereas it is expedient that it should be ' optional with any Person or Persons to signify in Writing his, her, or their Acceptance ' of any such Stock transferred at the Bank of Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Arguments 1. That no such Assignment or Transfer as aforesaid at the Bank of Ireland of the before-mentioned India Stocks or any Parts thereof, or of the Dividend attached thereto, in the Bank of or any Interest therein, shall be deemed invalid or ineffectual by reason that the Acceptance Ireland valid, of such Assignment or Transfer may not have been signified in Writing by the Party or although not Parties to whom the Assignment or Transfer shall have been made.

accep ed m Writing.

An Act to vest the Site of the the Government of India.

CAP. LI.

India Office in Her Majesty for the Service of

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS under or by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the Acts following, or some of them, namely, the Acts of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Nineteen, the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapters Thirty-three and Eighty-eight, and the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth rears of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four (being the Acts for the Extension of the Public Offices in Downing Street), the Land described in the Schedule to this Act, together with other Land, has been purchased or otherwise acquired by and is now vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings: And whereas the Secretary of State in Council of India has proposed to purchase the said Land described in the Schedule to this Act as a Site for Offices of his Department for a Sum of Eighty-six thousand seven hundred and sixty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Fourpence, and Parts of the same Land were acquired by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with a view to such proposed Purchase, and the Purchase Monies for such last-mentioned Parts, amounting in the whole to the Sum of Thirty-three thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sevenpence, were in

fact

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, <r. 51, 52. 207

fact provided and paid by the Secretary of State in Council of India: And whereas it is ' expedient that on Payment of the Balance of the Price aforesaid the said Land described ' in the said Schedule to this Act should be transferred to and vested in Her Majesty for the

Service of the Government of India, as herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L On Payment by the Secretary of State in Council of India into the Bank of England to the Account of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of the Sum of Fifty-three thousand five hundred and forty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ninepence, all the Land described in the Schedule to this Act shall (subject as in the same Schedule is mentioned) become and remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Government of Indiat according to the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, for all the Estate and Interest therein of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings.

On Pay men of 53, 544/. 19s. d. by Secretary of State of India, the Land described in Schedule to become vested in Her Majesty, &c.

2. The said Land, when so vested in Her Majesty, shall be and continue liable to the The Land, when

Payment of Eleven Thirty-fifth Parts of all the Parochial Bates and Taxes to which the so vested, to Entirety of the Land acquired by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and to"he Payment Public Buildings under or by virtue of the said Acts for the Extension of the Public Offices of a Portion of is or shall be by Law subject and liable. £ates

iaxes.

3. Nothing whatever shall be built on any Part of the Great Quadrangle delineated on Nothing to be

the Plan referred to in the said Schedule to this Act, without the mutual Consent of the ^uilt °"the Secretary of State in Council of India and the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works ad '

and Public Buildings for the Time being.

The SCHEDULE above referred to.

All the Piece of Land containing Sixty-one thousand three hundred and forty Superficial Feet, or thereabouts, situate in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, abutting on the West on Saint James's Park, on the North partly on Saint James's Park and partly on other Land acquired by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings under the above-mentioned Acts, on the East on other Land also acquired by the said Commissioners under the same Acts, and on the South on Charles Street and on a Passage leading from Saint James's Park to Charles Street, as the same Land is delineated and described on a Plan signed by the Right Honourable William Francis Cowper, the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and by the Right Honourable Sir Charles Wood, Baronet, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and now deposited, or intended to be forthwith deposited, among the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and coloured Bed on the same Plan; subject nevertheless to the Maintenance of a Foot and Carriage Way into the Great Quadrangle at the Place marked on the said Plan to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, so long as the same shall be required by the same Commissioners.

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland in the Manner herein-after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Power to Boards of Guardians to appeal from the revised Valuation of any Tenement in their Union.

Notice of such Appeal to be given to the Occupier of the Tenement.

Occupiers joined as Respondents, and may obtain Costs.

Guardians not entitled to Cost8.

Guardians not to enter into Recognizance. Appeal not to affect a pending Bate.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 52, 53.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From the revised Valuation of any Tenement in any Poor Law Union in Ireland, made by the Commissioner of Valuation at any annual Revision, in pursuance of the Laws in force for the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland, the Board of Guardians of the Union in which such Tenement shall be situate shall, with the Sanction of the Poor Law Commissioners and not otherwise, have the same Power of Appeal to the Commissioner of Valuation, and to the Quarter Sessions, as the Owner or Occupier of such Tenement now has, and such Appeal shall be subject to the same Conditions and Provisions, and exercised in the same Manner, as is provided for in respect to Appeals of the said Owners or Occupiers, save so far as the same are herein-after altered or amended.

2. When the Board of Guardians of any Union shall, with the Sanction aforesaid, be the Party appealing from the revised Valuation of any Tenement as aforesaid, the Clerk of the said Board shall send by Post, or cause to be delivered to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Tenement in respect of the Valuation of which the Appeal is made, a Notice similar in all respects to that now by Law required to be sent or delivered to the Board of Guardians by the Owner or Occupier of any Tenement who may appeal from the revised Valuation thereof, and such Notice shall be signed by such Clerk, and a Copy thereof shall be sent by such Clerk to the Commissioner of Valuation at the Office in Dublin of the General Valuation of Ireland.

3. In any Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, sanctioned as aforesaid, of any Board of Guardians in respect to such revised Valuation, the Occupier or Occupiers of the Tenement in respect of the Valuation of which such Appeal is made shall be joined as Respondents in such Appeal, together with the Commissioner of Valuation; and in case the Board of Guardians shall fail on the Hearing of such Appeal, the Court of Quarter Sessions may, if they shall so think fit, award to the Respondents or any of them such Costs as they may deem reasonable, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Pounds, for their Costs of such Appeal, and the Sum so awarded shall be forthwith paid to the said Respondents by such Board of Guardians; and in no Case shall the Board of Guardians be entitled as against the Respondents to the Costs of such Appeal.

4. It shall not be necessary for any Board of Guardians appealing to Quarter Sessions against the revised Valuation of any Tenement to enter into any Recognizance conditioned for the due Prosecution of such Appeal or for any other Purpose; and no Appeal by any Board of Guardians shall affect any Rate that may be struck before or pending such Appeal.

CAP. LIII.

9 G. 4. c. 29.

11 G. 4. &

1 W. 4. c. 37.

An Act to make Provision for Uniformity of Process in summary Criminal Prosecutions and Prosecutions for Penalties in the Inferior Courts in Scotland.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to authorize additional Circuit Courts of Justiciary to be held, and to facilitate Criminal Trials, in Scotland, Provision was made for the summary Prosecution of Offences before Sheriffs of Counties in certain Cases; which Act was amended by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth and the First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof in Cases importing a Capital Punish-

f ment:

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53. 209

meni; And whereas by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Year of the (Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Procedure before 19 & 20 Vict.

Magistrates and Justices of Peace in Scotland, the Provisions of the recited Acts with c- 48«

respect to summary Prosecutions were in certain Cases made applicable to Prosecutions

t: before Justices of the Peace in Scotland: And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh c Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth and the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts in the 7 W. 4. &

Sheriff Courts, and for regulating the Establishment of Circuit Courts for the Trial of i c> 41

Small Debt Causes by the Sheriffs in Scotland, Provision was made for the Recovery of statutory Penalties by way of Action in the Sheriff Court in certain Case$: And whereas it te expedient to make further and more effectual Provision for the Trial of Offences ' punishable on summary Conviction, and for the summary Recovery of Penalties in the

Inferior Courts in Scotland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Summary Procedure Act, 1864.'*

2. The following Words in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, Interpretation

unless such Meanings shall be excluded by the Subject or Context: of Terms.

"Act of Parliament " and " Act" shall mean any Public General or Local and, Personal Act of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be passed:

"Court" shall mean any Sheriff Court or Burgh Court, or any Court of Justices of the Peace for any County or City in Scotland, whether in Quarter or Petty Sessions, any Police Court having Jurisdiction, or any Sheriff, Magistrate' of any'Burgh, or Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County or City in Scot-toad, exercising Jurisdiction, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, in any Matter which maly lawfully be brought before him or them in the Manner provided by this Act:

" Judge" shall mean any Sheriff, or any Magistrate of any Burgh, or any Justice of the Peace, whether acting alone or in conjunction with any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County or City in Scotland:

"Magistrate" shall mean any Magistrate of any Burgh in Scotland having Jurisdiction:

" Sheriff" shall include Sheriff Substitute:

"Justice" shall mean any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County or City in Scotland acting within such County or City:

" Clerk of Court " shall include Depute Clerk or other Person acting as suph:

" Witness " shall include Haver:

" Oath " shall include Affirmation in Cases where Affirmations may lawfully be taken in place of Oaths:

"Penalty" shall mean any Sum of Money which may, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, be recoverable from any Person in respect of the Contravention of any statutory Requirement or Prohibition, and also any Sum which may, under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, be recoverable as a Penalty or Forfeiture, whether such Sum shall be payable to the Party complaining, prosecuting, or suing for the same, or shall be payable in whole or in part to any other Person, or be applicable to any other Use, and whether the Amount thereof is fixed by such statutory Provision, or is so fixed subject to a Power to modify or mitigate, or is in the Nature of a Penalty not exceeding a certain Sum, to be awarded by the Court or Judge who may take cognizance thereof:

"Administrators of Police" shall mean any Commissioners, Town Council, or other Body having the Charge or Management of the Police of a Town under the Powers created by any Act of Parliament *

3. The Provisions of this Act may be applied to — Application of

(1.) All Proceedings before any Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate in Scotland Act.

in virtue of the summary Jurisdiction conferred upon them, or any of them, in relation to the Trial of Offences and Recovery of Penalties, by the recited Acts, or any of them:

27 & 28 Vict. E e (2.) All

Proceedings to be instituted by Complaint as )n Schedule.

No Objection to be allowed to Complaint in point of Form, &c.

Power to Court to direct Amendment of Complaint, if it thinks fit.

Respondent may be cited to appear or apprehended on a Warrant.

Court may proceed in absence of Respondent in certain Cases,

27° & 28 VICTORIA, c. 53.

(2.) All Proceedings to be taken before any Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate in Scotland for the Prosecution of any Person who ha3 committed, or is charged with having committed, any Offence or Act for which, under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, he is liable, upon summary Conviction before any Sheriff, Magistrate, Justices or Justice, to be imprisoned or fined, or otherwise punished, or to be ordered to do or perform any Act, and to be imprisoned in default of Performance: '

(3.) All Proceedings for the Recovery of any Penalty, or Sum of Money in the Nature of a Penalty, which, under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, may be recovered by summary Complaint or Information, or by Poinding or Distress and Sale, or other summary Process or Diligence of the like Nature, before any Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate:

(4.) All Proceedings for the Trial or Prosecution for any Offence, or for the Recovery of any Penalty, under any Act of Parliament by which it shall be provided that Offences committed in contravention thereof or Penalties thereby imposed shall be prosecuted or recovered under the Provisions of this Act.

4. All Proceedings for summary Conviction for any Offence, whether at Common Law or under any Act of Parliament, and all Proceedings for the Recovery of any Penalty which may be sued for or recovered in a summary Form, whether such Proceedings are at the Instance of a public or private Prosecutor or Complainer, may be instituted by way of Complaint in one or other of the Forms set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and it shall not be necessary to mention in any Complaint any Act of Parliament other than the Act declaring the Offence for which a Conviction is sought, or imposing the Penalty or Forfeiture which is claimed; and it shall be sufficient to refer to the Act or Section of the Act founded on, without setting forth the Enactment in Words at Length; and where it is necessary that any such Complaint should be made upon Oath of the Complainer, or of a credible Witness, such Oath may be in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and all Penalties for the Recovery of which in Scotland no special Provision has been made by Act of Parliament may be sued for by the Procurator Fiscal of the Jurisdiction.

5. No Objection shall be allowed by the Court to any Complaint under this Act for any alleged Defect therein in Substance or in Form, or for any Variance between any such Complaint and the Evidence adduced on the Part of the Prosecutor or Complainer at the Hearing thereof, not changing the Character of the Offence charged; but if any such Objection or Variance shall appear to the Court to be such that the Respondent has been thereby deceived or misled, it shall be lawful for the Court to adjourn the Hearing to some ftiture Day, and at the same Time, or at any Stage of the Proceedings, to direct such Amendment to be made upon the Complaint as may appear to be requisite, 'not changing the Character of the Offence, and such Amendment shall be authenticated by the Signature or Initials of the Judge or Clerk of Court.

6. On such Complaint being laid before the Court it shall be lawful for the Court to grant Warrant to cite the Respondent, by delivering a Copy of the Complaint with Warrant of Citation to him personally, or, if he cannot on Search be found personally, leaving such Copy at his usual Place of Abode, to appear before the Court on Induciae of not less than Forty-eight Hours, or (where Apprehension is competent) to grant a Warrant for the Apprehension and interim Detention of the Respondent: Provided that where the Complaint shall pray for a Warrant of Apprehension, the Court may in its Discretion grant, in place of such Warrant* a Warrant for the Citation of the Respondent as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful to annex to such Warrant of Citation or Apprehension a Warrant to cite Witnesses and Havers for both Parties, and also (where such Procedure is otherwise competent) a Warrant to search for, seize, remove, and secure all Goods, Documents, or other Articles mentioned or referred to in the Complaint.

7. If the Respondent after being cited shall foil to appear at the Time and Place mentioned in the Warrant of Citation, it shall be lawful for the Court, upon Proof that the Respondent has been duly cited, to issue a Warrant in the Second Instance for his

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53. 2U

Apprehension and interim Detention, or the Court may adjourn the Hearing to a future or issue a War-Diet, with Liberty to the Respondent to appear at such adjourned Diet, and may in its ^nt for his Discretion appoint Intimation of such adjourned Diet to be made to the Respondent; and ppre en8K>n' in Cases where the Complaint concludes for a pecuniary Penalty only in the First Instance, or where the Act of Parliament founded on authorizes Procedure without the Presence of the Respondent, the Court may, without adjourning, proceed to hear and dispose of the Complaint in the Absence of the Respondent.

8. Every Warrant granted under the Authority of this Act for the Citation or Appre- AstoExecution hension of a Respondent, or for the Citation of Witnesses, or for the Apprehension of a of Warranto. Witness, as herein-after provided, may be lawfully and competently executed at any Place

within the County in which it is granted, and that either by an Officer of the Court or Magistrate granting the Warrant, or by a Constable acting under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, although addressed to Officers of the Court issuing the Warrant, and at any Place within Scotland by any Constable or other Officer of the Law, or by an Officer of the Court or Magistrate granting the same; and all such Warrants and Citations may be in the Forms contained in the Schedules (C.), (D.), (E.), and (F.) to this Act annexed.

9. The Provisions of the second-recited Act relative to the Execution of Sentences and AstoExecution of Decrees for Penalties and Expenses beyond the Jurisdiction of the Court or Judge by

whom the same have been granted, shall be applicable to the Execution of Convictions and j^11 co ' Judgments pronounced under the Authority of this Act; and the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of 11 & 12 Vict Sessions within England and Wales with respect to Persons charged with indictable Offences, c- 42° for the Enforcement of Warrants granted by Sheriffs and Justices in Scotland by Endorsation in England and Ireland, shall be applicable to Warrants granted by Magistrates of Burghs in Scotland; aftd the said Provisions are also hereby extended and made applicable to all Warrants issued in Scotland under the Authority of this Act.

10. If any Person cited as a Witness by a Warrant under the Authority of this Act Warrants may shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by the Warrant, and no Jj

just Excuse shall be offered in his Behalf, it shall be lawful for the Court before whom otWitnesaw.11 such Person has been cited to appear to issue a Warrant for his Apprehension; or, if the Court shall be satisfied by Evidence upon Oath that it is probable that such Person will not attend without being compelled so to do, it shall be lawful for the Court to issue a Warrant in the first instance for the Apprehension of such Person; and any Witness who shall wilfully fail to attend after being duly cited, or who shall refuse to be sworn or to be examined on Affirmation, or who after the Oath or Affirmation has been administered to him shall refuse to answer any Question which the Court shall allow, or to produce Documents in his Possession when required by the Court, may be summarily punished for his Contempt by Imprisonment or Fine, such Punishment not exceeding that which the Court would be entitled to award in case of Conviction upon the Complaint.

11. Any Respondent brought before the Court by a Warrant of Apprehension under the Respondent

Authority of this Act shall be entitled to require a Copy of the Complaint, and also to may require require that the Hearing shall be adjourned for a Period of not less than Forty-eight Hours; ment

and such Requisitions shall be complied with if made before the Examination of any Witness

on the Merits shall have commenced; but no such Requisition shall be competent where a Copy of the Complaint shall have been delivered to the Respondent personally Forty-eight Hours before the Hearing; and any Interlocutor adjourning the Diet may be in the Form No. 1. in the Schdule (H.) to this Act annexed.

12. Subject to the Provisions contained in the preceding Section, no Adjournment of Court may the Hearing shall take place when the Respondent pleads Not Guilty, or at any other

Stage of the Proceedings, unless the Court shall think fit to order an Adjournment: detScTuie11 Provided, that where the Respondent has been brought into Court upon a Warrant of Respondent. Apprehension, it shall be lawful for the Court to grant Warrant, in the Form No. 2. in the

As to signing of Convictions and Warrants.

Procedure at Hearing in Presence of the Respondent

Procedure at Hearing in Absence.

Form of Record.

Proceedings may be either in Writing or printed.

Application of Forms of Conviction, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

Schedule (H.) to this Act annexed, to detain him in Prison until the Period to which the Hearing shall be adjourned, or until he finds sufficient Caution to appear at all future Diets of the Court.

18. Any Sheriff, Magistrate, or Justice, though out of his County or Jurisdiction, may sign any Conviction, Judgment, Warrant, or Interlocutor under this Act, provided the Evidence and every other Proceeding necessary to support such Conviction, Judgment, Warrant, or Interlocutor shall have been had before him when within his County or Jurisdiction.

14. Where the Respondent shall be present at the Hearing the Substance of the Complaint shall be read to him, and he shall thereupon be required to plead in common Form, and the Respondent may then state Objections to the Competency or Relevancy of the Complaint or Proceedings; and if no Objections are stated, or if such Objections are stated and repelled or are obviated by Amendment of the Complaint or Adjournment of the Diet as herein-before provided, the Respondent's Plea shall then or at such adjourned Diet be recorded, and the Plea, if the same be Guilty, shall be signed by the Respondent, or by a Judge or the Clerk of Court if the Respondent cannot write; and if the Plea be Not Guilty, the Prosecutor or Complainer shall proceed to establish his Complaint by such Evidence as is competent, and the Respondent may, if he think fit, lead such Evidence as is competent, after which the Court shall pronounce Judgment at the same or any adjourned Diet

15. Where the Court shall proceed to dispose of the Complaint in the Absence of the Respondent, Judgment shall not be pronounced against him until the Complaint has been established to the Satisfaction of the Court by such Evidence as is competent, unless the Special Act authorizes Conviction in default of Appearance.

10. It shall not be necessary in any Proceeding under the Authority of this Act to record or to preserve a Note of the Evidence adduced, but the Record shall set forth in the Form of the Schedule (I.) to this Act annexed the Respondent's Plea, if any, the Names of the Witnesses, if any, examined upon Oath or Affirmation, with a Note of any documentary Evidence that may be put in.

17. The several Forms of Proceeding prescribed by this Act may be either in Writing or printed, or may be partly written and partly printed; and all such Forms as bear reference to any antecedent Form may be either on the same Sheet of Paper therewith, or on a separate Sheet attached to it.

18. In Cases of Conviction or Judgment against the Respondent in Prosecutions and Proceedings under this Act, the Sentence of the Court may be in one or other of the Forms contained in the Schedule (K.) to this Act annexed, or as nearly as may be in such Form, according to the Nature and Circumstances of the Complaint, viz .:

(1.) In Complaints for Offences at Common Law, punishable on summary Conviction, the Sentence of the Court shall be in the Form No. 1. in the said Schedule:

(2.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament under which the Accused is or shall be liable on summary Conviction to be imprisoned, or to be imprisoned or fined in the Discretion of the Court, the Sentence of the Court awarding Imprisonment shall be in the Form No. 2. in the said Schedule; or if the Sentence is for a Fine, then in such of the subsequent Forms as may be in accordance with the Provisions of the Act of Parliament:

(3.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament under which the Accused is or shall be liable to forfeit a Penalty, and in default of Payment thereof to be imprisoned for a Period limited to a certain Time, at the Expiration of which he shall be entitled to Liberation although the Penalty has not been paid, the Judgment of the Court shall be in the Form No. 3. in the said Schedule:

(4.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament under which the Accused is or shall be liable to a Penalty, which, under the Authority of the Act, may be recovered by Poinding or Dieftrees and Sale, or other summary Process of Execution by Sale, and, in default of Payment or Recovery of the Penalty by

2\i

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

such Process of Execution, the Accused is or shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Period limited as aforesaid, the Judgment and Warrant shall be in the Form No. 4. in the said Schedule:

(5.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament under which the Accused is or shall be liable to a Penalty, which, under the Authority of the Act, may be recovered by Poinding or Distress and Sale, or other summary Process of Execution by Side, and where the Act also authorizes the Imprisonment of the Accused for a Period limited as aforesaid, then, unless Imprisonment be only authorized in default of Recovery by such Process of Execution, the Judgment of the Court may be in either of the Forms No. 4. or No. 5. in the said Schedule:

(6.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament under which the 1 Accused is or shall be liable to a Penalty, and where no special Provision is made for the Recovery thereof, or for the Substitution of a Term of Imprisonment in default of Payment, and also in all Cases where, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, such Penalty is or shall be recoverable by Action, Civil Process, or Diligence, the Judgment of the Court shall authorize Execution by Arrestment, Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment (unless Recovery by Imprisonment is excluded by the Terras of the Act), and may be in the Form No. 6. in the said Schedule; and the Warrant of Imprisonment to be granted in pursuance of any such Judgment may be in the said Form No. 6., and shall authorize the Detention of the Respondent until liberated in due Course of Law; and in all Cases where, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, such Penalty is or shall be declared to be recoverable by Arrestment, Poinding or Distress and Sale, or Imprisonment, or by any Combination of those Forms of Diligence other than as above provided for, the Judgment of the Court may be expressed in the said Form No. 6., so far as applicable, and no Warrant of Imprisonment shall be issued upon a Judgment in such Form until after the Period allowed for Execution by Arrestment or Poinding, except in the Event mentioned in the said Form No. 6 .:

(7.) In Complaints for the Contravention of any Act of Parliament by which the Court is or shall be authorized to ordain the Person contravening to do or perform any Act other than the Payment of Money, and where, in consequence of failing or neglecting to do or perform such Act, such Person shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Term to be specified in the Warrant of Imprisonment, the Judgment and Warrant may be in the Form No. 7. in the said Schedule; and such Judgment and Warrant may, if the Act of Parliament so require, be used in combination with a Judgment or Warrant in one or other of the Forms herein-before specified, and may, if the Act so require, be combined with a Judgment for Expenses, and Warrant for Recovery thereof, and for Imprisonment in default of Payment, in such Form as may be requisite:

(8.) Any Judgment of Absolvitor to be pronounced in any Complaint or Proceedings under this Act may be in the Form No. 8. in the said Schedule:

Provided that the Court may add to any of the Forms of Conviction or Judgment for any Penalty such Finding of Expenses and Warrant for the Recovery thereof, and such other Finding or Declaration as may be required by the Act of Parliament founded on; and, if so required, the Court may add to any Warrant of Imprisonment contained in such Conviction or Judgment, or consequent thereon, a Direction that the Respondent shall be kept to Hard Labour during the whole or Part of the Term of his Imprisonment; and Execution upon any Judgment or Warrant may proceed either upon such Judgment or Warrant itself or upon an Extract issued and signed by the Clerk of Court, which Extract may be in the Form No. 9. of Schedule (K.), or as near as may be thereto.

19. In all Cosea instituted under this Act in which any Penalty is or shall be recoverable by Poinding or Distress and Sale, Arrestment, or other summary Process of Execution, and in which the Respondent is also liable to be imprisoned for a Term to be specified in the Warrant of Imprisonment, either immediately or in default of Recovery of the Penalty by Execution, the Court, in lieu of granting Warrant for Recovery by Poinding and Sale, may

issue

Imprisonment may be awarded instead of levying Execution by Poinding and Sale.

Proceedings subsequent to Conviction.

Signature of One Justice sufficient except to Conviction or Judgment.

Court may aw&rdExpenses to or against private Co ill-plainer, although not authorised by Act

Warrant of Imprisonment may be framed so as to take effect from the Expiration of a previous Sentence.

Limitation of Time for bringing Complaints.

Act not to extend to certain Warrants

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

issue a Warrant for the immediate Imprisonment of the Respondent for any Term not exceeding the Term specified in the Act of Parliament in one or other of the Forms appended to Nos. 4, 5, and 6 in Schedule (K.); and no Sale shall be made in virtue of a Warrant granted under the Authority of this Act unless the Goods are at the appraised Value, sufficient to satisfy the Sums decerned for, and the Expenses of the Poinding and Sale.

20. Where, in consequence of the Requirements of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament, it is necessary that any Warrant of Imprisonment or other Warrant should be granted subsequent to the Conviction or Judgment, or where any other ulterior Proceeding is enjoined, the Forms and Directions respectively appended to the several Forms of Convictions and Judgments in Schedule (K.) may be used and observed so far as the same are applicable, and all such Warrants or ulterior Proceedings may be taken without the Presence of the Respondent.

21. In Cases in which under any Act of Parliament any Matter or Proceeding which may be dealt with under the Forms prescribed by this Act, or which is incidental thereto, is or shall be cognizable by Two or more Justices, it shall be sufficient that any Warrant of Imprisonment or other Warrant or Proceeding prior or subsequent to the Conviction or Judgment shall be subscribed by One Justice, and it shall not be necessary that such Justice shall be or shall have been present at the Hearing of the Complaint, but the Conviction or Judgment shall in all Cases be signed by such Number of Justices present at the Hearing, and concurring in the Result thereof, as may be required by such Act; and in case of an equal Division of Opinion among the Justices present, the Complaint shall be held to be not proved, and Judgment shall be given for the Respondent; and all Warrants of Citation in Cases which may be dealt with under this Act may be signed by the Clerk of Court, without being laid before a Judge.

22. In all Cases of Complaint under this Act for the Recovery of any Penalty it shall be lawful for the Court to make an Award of Expenses without the same being prayed for in such Complaint, but Expenses shall not be awarded to or against any public Prosecutor or Party prosecuting under the Authority of any Act of Parliament for the public Interest unless such Award of Expenses is authorized by such Act: Provided, that in all Cases where a Complaint for the Recovery of a Penalty is at the Instance of a private Complainer, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Complaint is brought to award Expenses to the successful Party if the Court shall think fit; and such Expenses may be recovered and Imprisonment awarded, in default of Payment or Recovery thereof, in the Manner and Form specified in the said Schedule (K.) in connexion with the several Forms of Convictions and Judgments therein contained, or, if necessary, by a separate Judgment for Expenses in such Form as may be appropriate.

23. If, upon any Complaint presented under the Authority of this Act, a Warrant shall be issued for the Imprisonment of the Respondent pursuant to a Conviction or Judgment, and such Respondent shall then be in Prison undergoing Imprisonment for a specified Period, upon a Conviction for any Offence, or for Default in Payment of any Penalty or Expenses, or for Disobedience to any Order of Court, the Warrant of Imprisonment upon such subsequent Conviction or Judgment shall be delivered to the Keeper of "the Prison to whom the same shall be directed, and it shall be lawful for the Court granting the same, if it shall think fit, to insert an Order therein to the Effect that the Imprisonment upon such subsequent Conviction or Judgment shall commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such Respondent shall have been previously sentenced or adjudged.

24. In all Cases in which no Time is already or shall be hereafter specially limited for instituting any Complaint for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money, or for Conviction for any statutory Offence punishable on summary Conviction, in the Act of Parliament relating to each particular Case, such Complaint shall be instituted within Six Months from the Time when the Matter of such Complaint arose.

25. Nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Warrant or Order for the Removal of any poor Person who is or shall become chargeable to any Parish or

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 53. 215

District, nor to any Information or Complaint or other Proceeding under or by virtue of and Proceed-any of the Statutes relating to Her Majesty's Revenue, or under or by virtue of any m&8* statutory Provision for the Recovery of any Rate, Tax, or Impost whatsoever.

26. In Cases in which, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, any Conviction Where special may be obtained, or any Warrant Ad factum pras3tandum or Judgment granted or Jurisdiction pronounced, or any Penalty or Expenses recovered, by way of summary Complaint before poh^court, any Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate, and it is also provided therein, or in any Forms of tills other Act of Parliament having reference thereto, that such Conviction or Warrant may be *

obtained, or Judgment pronounced, or Penalty or Expenses recovered, in any Police Court U8e in Scotland, the Proceedings by this Act authorized may be taken in such Police Court With such and the like Remedies by Poinding and Sale, Imprisonment, or otherwise, as are herein provided in the Case of Convictions and Judgments obtained before Sheriffs,

Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace; and the several Forms contained in the Schedules to this Act annexed may be varied so far as may be necessary to render them applicable to such Police Courts.

27. Nothing in this Act contained shall confer or be construed to confer upon any Sheriff, Jurisdiction of Justices or Justice, or Magistrate acting under the Authority of this Act any other or ^°[e^°[^ce0xurts more extensive Jurisdiction in relation to any Matter which may be made the Subject of tended. Complaint than is or shall be vested in such Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate at Common Law, or under any Act of Parliament empowering them, or any of them, to take cogtrfzance of such Matter of Complaint; nor shall anything in this Act contained affect any Right to sue by way of ordinary Action in the Court of Session or Sheriff Court in Scotland for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture, save and except as to the Right of suing for such Penalty or Forfeiture in the Sheriff Small Debt Court in the Form provided in the Fourth-recited Act.

28. And whereas much Inconvenience has resulted from the Uncertainty which (exists as to the Nature of the Jurisdiction conferred by various Acts of Parliament author rising Convictions for Offences, and the Recovery of Penalties, and the Enforcement of Orders by Imprisonment, upon summary Complaint before Sheriffs, Justices, and Magis trates in Scotland, and it is expedient to define the Cases in which such Jurisdiction shall be held to be of a Criminal NatureIn all Proceedings by way of Complaint instituted in Scotland, in virtue of any such Statutes as are herein-before mentioned, the Jurisdiction shall be deemed and taken to be of a Criminal Nature where, in pursuance of a Conviction or Judgment upon such Complaint, or as Part of such Conviction or Judgment, the Court shall be required or shall be authorized to pronounce Sentence of Imprisonment against the Respondent, or shall be authorized or required in case of Default of Payment or Recovery of a Penalty or Expenses, or in case of Disobedience to their Order, to grant Warrant for the Imprisonment of the Respondent for a Period limited to a certain Time, at the Expiration of which he shall be entitled to Liberation; and in all other Proceedings instituted by way of Complaint, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, the Jurisdiction shall be held to be Civil: Provided always, that nothing contained in this Act shall be construed to affect the Right of any Party to Proceedings taken under this Act to be examined as a Witness therein, but such Right shall remain as it would have been if this Act had not passed.

Limits of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction defined in respect to Proceedings by way of summary Complaint.

29. Where by any Act of Parliament a Power is or shall be given to any Sheriff, Sentence of Justices or Justice, or Magistrate in the Exercise of Jurisdiction as a Judge of Police to not'to exceed a take cognizance of Offences punishable by Fine or Imprisonment, without any Declaration Fine of 5/. or being expressed or implied of the Powers of such Judge of Police in relation to the sixty Days Punishment of such Offences, it shall be lawful for such Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or where

Magistrate convicting for an Offence of which he or they may lawfully take cognizance, their Powers to sentence the Person convicted to pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or, in are not defined the Discretion of the Judge, to sentence him to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding by Stotute* Sixty Days from the Date of Imprisonment, and also to adjudge him to find Caution to keep the Peace for Six Months under a, further Penalty of Ten Pounds, and in default

of

316

As to Actions; of Damages against public Prosecutors.

r -W

(I,

Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. not to be applicable to Proceedings in Scotland.

Proceedings may be in Forms prescribed by this or other Acts.

Court of Justiciary and Court of Session to have Power to pass Acts of Adjournal and Sederunt.

Convictions and Warrants not to be quashed or held void for Want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

Secretary of State may issue Order as to Police Buildings.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

of such Caution being found to be imprisoned for a further Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

30. No Procurator Fiscal, or other Party prosecuting for the public Interest, by Complaint under the Provisions of this or any other Act, shall be liable to pay or be found liable by any Court in a greater Sum than Five Pounds as Damages for or in respect of any Proceedings taken or anything done on such Complaint, or on any Judgment following pn such Complaint, unless the Person prosecuting for Damages shall aver and prove that such Proceeding was taken or done maliciously and without probable Cause; but the Party suing such Damages shall not be entitled to have any Decreet or Verdict pronounced against such Procurator Fiscal or other Party prosecuting, for any. Damages, or Return or Repetition of Penalty or Costs, in case such Prosecutor shall prove at the . Trial that the Party suing was guilty of the Offence in respect whereof he had been convicted, or on account of which he had been apprehended, or had otherwise suffered, and that he had undergone no greater or other Punishment than was assigned by Law to such Offence; and any such Prosecutor sued as aforesaid may at any Time put an end to the Action* in so far as not founded on Acts done maliciously and without probable Cause, by tendering Payment of the Sum of Five Pounds as Damages with the Amount of the Penalty, if recovered, and the Expenses of such Action to the Date of the Tender.

31. In Cases in which by any Act of Parliament the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions icithin England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, are or shall be made applicable to Complaints or Informations under any such Act, the Provisions of the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of Her Majesty's Reign shall not be applicable to any Proceedings under such Act when instituted in Scotland, but the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable to all such Proceedings as may, under the Authority of any such Act, be instituted before any Sheriff, Justices or Justice, or Magistrate in Scotland.

32. The Proceedings in any Action or Complaint for the Prosecution for Offences or Recovery of Penalties under any Act of Parliament may either be according to the Form prescribed by such Act or any Act incorporated therewith, or according to the Form prescribed by this Act, or, where such Proceedings are before the Sheriff, according to the Forms prescribed by the first-recited Act.

33. It shall be lawful for the High Court of Justiciary and for the Court of Session respectively from Time to Time to pass such Acts of Adjournal or Acts of Sederunt as may be necessary or proper for carrying into effeot the Provisions of this Act, and in particular to regulate the Expenses of Proceedings in the Inferior Courts under this Act, and the Fees payable to Clerks of Court

34. No Conviction or Judgment in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form, and no Warrant of Imprisonment or for Poinding and Sale, and no Extract of Judgment, shall be held void by reason of any Defect of Form therein, provided it be therein mentioned or may be inferred therefrom that it is founded or has proceeded on a Conviction or Judgment, and there be a valid Conviction or Judgment to sustain the same.

35. Every Action or Prosecution against any Sheriff *, Judge, or Magistrate, or against any Clerk of Court, Procurator Fiscal, or other Person, on account of anything done in any Case instituted under this Act, shall be commenced within Two Months after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, unless a shorter Period is fixed by the Special Act, and not afterwards.

36. f Whereas it is expedient that in Towns where there is no Prison it shall be competent to establish Places of Confinement for Prisoners undergoing short Sentences without incurring the Expense of supporting a Local PrisonIt shall be competent in any Town where there is no Prison, but where there are Police Cells, for One of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State to issue an Order declaring that such Cells or any Number of them,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53. 217

or that any other Premises in the Possession of the Administrators of the Police in such Town, shall be a legal Prison for the Detention of convicted Prisoners for any Period not exceeding Three Days, and such Order shall be issued in the Manner and subject to the Conditions set forth in the Provisions of "The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860," in reference to Local Prisons ,; so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act

37. When any Building or Part of a Building other than a Local Prison under the Provisions as to Administration of a County Board is or shall be a lawful Place of Detention for Prisoners under short Sentences whether under the Powers conferred on the Secretary of State apply to con-by this Act, or in virtue of any Public Local Act, the Administrators of Police having victed Prison-. Charge of the same, and all Persons in their Employment, shall, in respect to such Buildings or Part of a Building, be subject to the Rules for Prisons in Scotland as authorized in the said Prisons Administration Act, and to all the Provisions of the said Act relating to the Discipline and Management of Prisons and the Transmission of Returns, as if such Administrators were a County Board.

SCHEDULES referred to in this Act.

SCHEDULE (A)

1. Complaint for Offence at Common Law.

Under the Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

Unto the Honourable Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or Sheriff of the County of or Magistrates of the Burgh of

as the Case may be].

The Complaint of A. J9., Procurator Fiscal of Court [or other Party entitled to prosecute with his Concurrence]:

Humbly showeth.

That J.K.

[Designation] has been guilty of the Crime of Actor, or Art

and Part, in so far as [here state the Particulars of the Offence]:

May it therefore please your Honours [or Lordship] to grant Warrant to apprehend the said J.K, and bring him before you [or to cite the said J.K. to appear before you] to answer to this Complaint, and thereafter to convict him of the said Crime, and to adjudge him to suffer the Pains of Law.

According to Justice.

A.B.

[Signature of Public Prosecutor, or of Private Prosecutor with Concurrence annexed.']

2. Complaint praying for Conviction in Terms of Act, and for Imprisonment or Forfeiture. Under the Summary Procedure Act, 1864.

Unto the Honourable Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

[or Sheriff of the County of or Magistrates of the Burgh of.

The Complaint of A.B, Procurator Fiscal of Court [or other Party entitled to prosecute]: Humbly showeth,

That J.K.

[Designation] has contravened the Act [or has been guilty of an Offence within the Meaning of the Act] [specify the Act or Acts], in so far as [state Particulars of Contra-27 & 28 VICT. F f vention

918

, 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

vention or Offence], whereby the said J.K. is liable [state shortly the Nature of the Forfeiture or Penalty and the Alternatively.

May it therefore please your Honours [or Lordship] to grant Warrant to apprehend the said J.K> and bring him before you [or to cite the said J.K. to appear before you] to answer to this Complaint, and thereafter to convict him of the aforesaid Contravention, and to adjudge him to suffer the Penalties provided by the said Act [or Acts, or any of them].

[Where a Warrant Ad factum prcestandum is desired, it must be specially prayed for.']

According to Justice.

A.JB.

[Signature of Complainer.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

Oath of Verity.

At the Day of in Presence of

Compeared A.B., the Complainer, [or a credible Witness, as the Case may be,] who, being solemnly sworn, depones that what is contained in the foregoing Complaint is true, as he, shall answer to God.

[Signature of Complainer or Witnesst] [Signature of Judge.]

SCHEDULE (C.)

Warrant for Citation of Respondent

The Justice [or Sheriff, or Magistrate, or Clerk of Court] grants Warrant to Officers of Court to serve a Copy of the foregoing Complaint and of this Deliverance upon J.K., Respondent, and to cite him to appear personally to answer thereto at [Court House or Place] upon the Day of at o'Clock noon,

with Certification, and also to cite Witnesses or Havers for both Parties for all Diets in the Cause.111

[Signature of Judge or Clerk of Court]

SCHEDULE (D.)

1. Warrant for Apprehension of Respondent in the First Instance.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate] grants Warrant to Officers of Court to search for and apprehend J.K., Respondent, and, if necessary for that Purpose, to open any shut or lockfast Places, and to bring him before any One or more, as may be competent, of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of, [or the Sheriff of the County of y or a Magistrate of the Burgh of ,] to answer

to the foregoing Complaint at [Court House or Place], and in the meantime to detain him in a Police Station House or other convenient Place, and also to cite Witnesses and Havers for both Parties for all Diets in the Cause.

[Signature of Judge.]

2, Warrant for Apprehension of the Respondent in the Second Instance.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect J.K., Respondent, has failed to appear to answer to the foregoing Complaint after being duly cited to this Diet, grants Warrant to Officers of Court to search for and apprehend the said J.K, and, if necessary for that Purpose, to open any shut or lockfast Places, and to bring him before any One or more, as

may

27." & 29° VICTORIA, c, 53. 21$

may be competent, of Her Majesty's Justices of the Pe$oe for the County of [or the Sheriff of the County of or a Magistrate of the Burgh of ,]

and in the meantime to detain him in a Police Station House or other convenient Place, and also to cite Witnesses and Hayers for both Parties for all Diets in the Causa *

[Signature of Judge.]

1 [A Warrant to search for stolen Goods or other Search Warrant may be prayed for

in the Complaint, and included in the Warrant of Citation or Apprehension, if otherwise competent]

SCHEDULE (E.)

1. Warrant for the Apprehension of a Witness in the First Instance.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect it has been made to appear to him upon Oath that E.F.

[Designationi] is likely to give material Evidence for the Prosecution in the foregoing Complaint [if the Complaint is on a separate Paper, describe it by the Names of the Parties and Date of Presentation], and that it is probable that the said E.F. will not attend to give Evidence without being compelled so to do, grants Warrant to Officers of Court to search for and apprehend the said E.F., and, if necessary for that Purpose, to open any shut or lockfast Places, and in the meantime to detain him in a Police Station House or other convenient Place, and to bring and have him on the Day of

at o'Clock noon before any One or more, as may be competent, of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or the Sheriff of the County of or a Magistrate of the Burgh of ] to bear Witness for the

Prosecution in the foresaid Complaint

[Signature of Judge.]

2. Warrant for the Apprehension of a Witness in the Second Instance.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect that E.F.

[Designation] has failed to appear after having been duly cited to bear Witness for the Prosecution [or for the Respondent] in the foregoing Complaint [if the Complaint is on a separate Paper, describe it by the Names of the Parties and Date of Presentation], and no just Excuse has been offered on his Behalf, grants Warrant to Officers of Court to search for and apprehend the said E. F., and, if necessary for that Purpose, to open any shut or lockfast Places, 'and in the meantime to detain him in a Police Station House or other convenient Place, and to bring and have him on the Day of at o'Clock noon before

any One or more, as may be competent, of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or the Sheriff of the County of or a Magistrate

of the Burgh of ] to bear Witness for the Prosecution [or for the Respondent]

in the foresaid Complaint.

[Signature of Judge.]

SCHEDULE (F.)

1. Citation of Respondent.

To J* K.

[Designation.]

Take Notice that you are required to appear personally at the Place and Time specified in the Warrant, of which the foregoing is a Copy, to answer to the Complaint to which this Notice is attached, with Certification.

This I do on the Day of

[Signature of Officer.]

F f 2 2. Citation

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

2. Citation of Witness

To E.F.

[Designation.]

Take Notice that you are required to appear before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or the Sheriff of the County of

or a Magistrate of the Burgh of ] at [Court House or Place] on the

Day of at the Hour of o'clock noon, and at any ad^onrne

Diet which you may be required to attend, to bear Witness for the Prosecution [or for the Respondent] in the Complaint at the Instance of A.B.

[Designation], against J.K.

[Designation, under Certification; [and also to bring with you and exhibit such of the Documents mentioned in the subjoined Lists as may be in your Possession.]

This I do on the Day of

[Signature of Officers]

SCHEDULE (H.)

1. Interlocutor adjourning the Diet

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate] adjourns the Diet to the Day of, and appoints the said J.K. to appear personally on that Day at

o'Clock noon.

[Signature of Judge,] 1

2. Adjournment and Interim Warrant of Imprisonment

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate] adjourns the Diet to the Day

of, and in the meantime grants Warrant to commit the said JJC. to the

Prison of, therein to be detained until that Time or until he find Caution

to appear at all future Diets of Court under a Penalty of £

[Signature of Judge*], .

SCHEDULE (I.)

Minute of Procedure at the Hearing.

1. When the Respondent appears.

At *the Day of in the Presence of

of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or Sheriff or Magistrate] appeared J.K. complained against; and the Complaint being read over to him, he answers that he is Not Guilty, [or that he is Guilty.]

[Signature.]

[If the Respondent pleads Not Guilty.]

The Witness [or Witnesses] after named was [or were] examined in Support of the Complaint, viz.: —

And the Witness [or Witnesses] after named was [or were] examined in Exculpation, viz.: — [Note also the Production of any Documents produced in Evidence by either Party.]

2. When the Respondent is absent.

At the Day of in Presence of

of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [or Sheriff or

Magistrate], J.K. complained against having failea to appear, after having been duly summoned.

The Witness [or Witnesses] after named was [or were] examined in Support of the Complaint, viz, : —

[Note also any Productions^]

IT & 26° VICTORIA, c. 53.

SCHEDULE (K.)

1, Conviction for Offence at Common Law.

The Justices [/>r Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said J.K.

[or of the Evidence adduced], find the said J.K. guilty of the Crime charged [or< State to what Extent he is guilty], and therefore [state the Terms of the Sentence].

[Signatui'e of Judges or Judged]

V, '

2. Conviction for Contravention of Act punishable by Imprisonment.

(The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said J.K.

[or of the Evidence adduced], convict the said J.K. of the Contravention [or Offence] charged [or state to what Extent he is guilty], and, therefore, adjudge him to be imprisoned in the Prison of for the Period of from this Date

[or from the Date of his Imprisonment].

[If authorixed by the Act, add, and find him liable in Payment to the Complainer of £ of Expenses, and adjudge him to be imprisoned in the said Prison for the further Period of Days from the Expiration

of the last-mentioned Period, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid], and grant >Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend him and convey him to the said Prison, and to the Keeper therepf to receive and detain him accordingly.

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

r t/l 3. Conviction for a Penalty, and, in default of Payment, Imprisonment.

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confessiojn of the* said J.K.

[or of the Evidence adduced], convict the said J.K. of the Contravention [or Offence] charged [or state to what Extent he is guilty], and therefore adjudge him to forfeit and pay the Sum of £ of Penalty [or of modified Penalty, where there

is Power to modify], [with the Sum of £ of Expenses, where Expenses may be

awarded]; and in default of immediate Payment thereof [or, if Time be allowed, say, within Days from this Date,] adjudge him to be imprisoned in the Prison

of for the Period of from the Date of his Imprisonment,

unless the said Sum [or Sums] shall be sooner paid, and grant Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend him and convey him to the said Prison, and to the Keeper thereof to receive and detain him accordingly.

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

4* Conviction for a Penalty to be recovered by Poinding, and in default of Recovery,

Imprisonment.

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said J.K.

[or of the Evidence adduced], convict the said J.K. of the Contravention [or Offence] charged [or state to what Extent he is guilty], and therefore adjudge him to forfeit and pay the Sum of £ of Penalty [or of modified Penalty, where there is

Power to modify], [with the Sum of £ of Expenses, where Expenses may be

awarded]; and* in default of immediate Payment thereof [or, if Time is allowed, say, within Days from this Date] grant Warrant for Recovery of the said Sum or

Sums by Poinding of his Goods and Effects, and summary Sale thereof, on the Expiration of not lees than Forty-eight Hours after such Poinding, without further Notice or Warrant, and appoint a Return or Execution of such Poinding and Sale to be made within Eight Days from this Date, [or, from the Expiration of the Period herein allowed for Payment, where Time is allowed,] under Certification of Imprisonment for the Period of in default of Payment or Recovery of the said Sums with the Expenses of Diligence before the Time allowed for such Report

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

Report

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

Report by Officer of Court.

I, X.Y., report, that by virtue of the foregoing Judgment and Warrant, I have made diligent Search for Goods and Effects of the within-mentioned J.K, and that I can find no sufficient Goods and Effects whereon to levy the SurasVithin mentioned.

Humbly reported this Day of by

[Signature of Officer,]

Warrant of Imprisonment

At the Day of the Justice [or Sheriff or

Magistrate], in respect it appears that the Sum [or Sums] mentioned in the foregoing Conviction, with the Expenses of Diligence, have not been paid, and that no sufficient Goods and Effects can be found whereon to levy the said Sum [or Sums] afid Expenses, grants Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend the said J.K, and convey him to the Prison of and to the Keeper thereof to receive and detain him from the Period of

from the Date of his Imprisonment, unless the said Sum [or Sums], with the further Sum of £ for the Expenses of Diligence, shall be sooner paid.

[Signature of Judged

5. Conviction for a Penalty to be recovered by Poinding and Imprisonment

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said JlA.

[or of the Evidence adduced], convict the said J.K' of the Contravention [or Offence] charged [or state to what Extent he is guilty], and therefore adjudge him to forfeit and pay the Sum of £ of Penalty [or of modified Penalty, where there is

Power to modify], [with the Sum of £ of Expenses, where Expenses may be

awarded, '] and* ordain instant Execution by Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment for the Period oi Days, in default of immediate Payment [or, if Time is allowed, say,

within Days from this Date]; grant Warrant to Officers of Court, in default

of Payment of the said Sum [or Sums], for immediate Poinding of the Goods and Effects of the said J.K, and summary Sale thereof on the Expiration of not less than Forty-eight Hours after such Poinding; appoint a Return of such Poinding and Sale to be reported within Eight Days from this Date; and in default of Payment grant Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend the said J.K, and convey him to the Prison of, and

to the Keeper thereof to receive and detain him for the Period of Days from the

Date of his Imprisonment, unless the said Sum [or Sums], together with the Expense of Poinding, if any, shall be sooner paid, or Liberation shall be granted.

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

Warrant of Liberation.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect the Complainer has failed to certify by the Report of an Officer of Court that no sufficient Goods and Effects of the said J.K can be found whereon to levy the Sums specified in the foregoing Conviction within the Period of Eight Days therein mentioned [or in respect that a sufficient Poinding and Sale of the Effects of the said J.K has been made], grants Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison of for the immediate Liberation of the said J.K

[Signature of Judge.]

6. Judgment for a Penalty recoverable by Diligence.

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said J.K [or of the Evidence adduced], convict the said J.K of the Contravention [or Offence] charged [or state to what Extent he is guilty], and therefore adjudge him to forfeit and pay the Sum of £ of Penalty [or modified Penalty, where there is

Power to modify], of £, and also find the said J.K liable in £ of

Expenses to the Complainer, and* ordain instant Execution by Arrestment, and also Execution by Poinding [and Imprisonment, where there is Power to imprison]; grant Warrant to Officers of Court to arrest all Debts and Sums of Money owing to the said J.K,

and

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

and [if Time is allowed, add, in default of Payment within Days fVom this

Date] to poind his Goods and Effects and to sell the same at the Expiration of not less than Forty-eight Hours after such Poinding, without further Notice or Warrant; [where the Act authorizes Imprisonment, add], and appoint a Return or Execution of such Poinding and Sale to be made within Days from the Expiration of the Period hereby allowed for Payment, under Certification of Imprisonment [if for a Term, specify the Term], in default of Payment or Recovery of the said Sums with the Expenses of Diligence before the Time allowed for such Report.

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

Warrant of Imprisonment to be granted upon Officer's Report.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect it appears that the Sums mentioned in the foregoing Judgment, with the Expenses of Diligence, have not been paid or recovered under the said Judgment in whole or in part, grants Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend the said J.K., and convey him to the Prison of, and to the Keeper

thereof to receive and detain him until liberated in due Course of Law [or, if the Imprisonment is for a Term, say, for the Period of Days from the Date of his Imprisonment,

unless the said Sums, with £ for the Expenses of Diligence, shall be sopner paid.]

[Signature of Judge*]

* [If at the Hearing it shall appear that the issuing of a Warrant of Arrestment, Poinding and Sale would be inexpedient, then, in place of the Warrant annexed to the Judgment in the preceding Form, say:

And in respect it is inexpedient to issue a Warrant of Poinding and Sale [or of Arrestment, Poinding, and Sale], ordain instant Execution by Imprisonment, and grant Warrant to Officers of Court to apprehend the said J.K *, and convey him to the Prison of,

and to the Keeper thereof to receive and detain him for the Period of from the

Date of his Imprisonment, unless the said Penalty and Expenses shall be sooner paid.]

[This Form only to be used where the Acts founded on authorize Imprisonment for a specified Period.]

7. Judgment and Warrant Ad factum prcestandum, and, in default, Imprisonment

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate], in respect of the Judicial Confession of the said J.K.

[or of the Evidence adduced], find the Complaint proven [or state to what Extent it is proven, or state any other Findings that may be considered necessary], and ordain the said J.K. to [here state the Matter required to be done] under Certification that if, upon a Copy of this Judgment being served upon the said J.K. by an Officer of Court, he shall neglect or refuse to obey the same within the Period of after such Service,

he shall be imprisoned for the Period of Days: Find the said J. K. liable in

£ of Expenses to the Complainer; and failing immediate Payment thereof

[or if Time be allowed, within Days from this Date, say], grant Warrant for

Recovery of the said Sum by Poinding of his Goods and Effects, and summary Sale thereof, §*c.

[as in No. 4 of this Schedule.]

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

Warrant of Imprisonment.

The Justice [or Sheriff or Magistrate], in respect it is now proved to his Satisfaction that a Copy of the foregoing Judgment was duly served upon the within-named J.K, upon the Day of, and that he has not as yet obeyed the Order therein

contained, and that the Period appointed for Implement thereof is now expired, grants Warrant to apprehend the said J.K, and convey him to the Prison of, and to the

Keeper thereof to receive and detain him for the Period of from the Date of his Imprisonment.

[Signature of Judge.]

[Note. — A Warrant Ad factum prostandum in the above Form may, if required by the Act, be combined with a Conviction or Judgment for a Penalty. Where Judgment is

224

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 53, 54.

given for the Expenses of obtaining a Warrant Ad factum praestandum recoverable by Poinding and Sale, and Imprisonment in default, the Proceedings shall be as nearly as possible in conformity with the Forms above prescribed for the Recovery of Penalties and Expenses. If the Expenses are declared to be recoverable by ordinary Diligence, or by Arrestment and Poinding, the Warrant and Procedure will be as in No. 6.]

8. Judgment of Absolvitor or Dismissal.

The Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate] assoilzie the within-designed J.K. from the foregoing Complaint [or dismiss the Complaint].

[If an Award of Expenses be competent, add,] Find the within-designed A.B., Complainer, liable to the said J.K. in the Sum of £ of Expenses, and decern and ordain instant Execution therefor by

Arrestment, and also Execution by Poinding and Sale and Imprisonment, if the same be competent, after a Charge of Fifteen free Days; grant Warrant, &c.

[as in No. 6, omitting Warrant of Imprisonment when incompetent.]

[Signature of Judges or Judge.]

9. Extract of Judgment convicting, absolving, or dismissing [as the Case may be].

At the Day of, in Presence of

In the Complaint at the Instance of A.B. against C.D., charging him with [name the Crime, Offence, or Contravention], as particularly set forth in said Complaint, the Justices [or Justice, or Sheriff, or Magistrate] in respect of [state the Terms of the Judgment, and of any subsequent Warrant upon which Execution is to proceed]. Extracted by me. Clerk of Court.

[Signature of Clerk.]

Execution may proceed either upon the Judgment and Warrant itself, or upon an Extract in the above Form.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the Union of the Diocesan Courts and Registries in Ireland; for the Regulation of the Mode of Procedure therein, and also in the Provincial Courts of Armagh and Dublin; and for Appeals therefrom.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the Union of the Consistorial or Diocesan Courts and Registries in Ireland; to alter and amend the Procedure and

Practice of the Provincial and Diocesan Courts and Registries, in order that the same may

be rendered simple and expeditious; to reduce and regulate the Expenses and Costs now charged and payable in such Courts and Registries; to re-arrange, reduce, or abolish the Fees upon Letters of Orders, Consecration of Churches, Institutions to Benefices, and ' other Ecclesiastical Instruments and Acts; and to make Provision for the better Preservation of the Ecclesiastical Records and other Instruments deposited in the Provincial and

Diocesan Registries Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Preliminary.

The Ecclesiastical Courts and Registries Act (Ireland),

1. This Act may be cited as 1864."

2. This Act shall only extend to that Part of the United Ringdom called Ireland.

3. This

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

3. This Act shall come into operation on such Day, not sooner than the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland shall by Order in Council appoint, provided that such Order be made One Month at least previously to the Day so to be appointed.

4. For the Purposes of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall, if not inconsistent with the Context, be thus interpreted:

"Archbishop of Armagh" shall mean the Lord Archbishop of Armagh for the Time being:

of Archbishop of Dublin 99 shall mean the Lord Archbishop of Dublin for the Time being: " Bishop " shall include an Archbishop within his own Diocese:

"Lord Chancellor" shall mean the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being:

"Lord Lieutenant in Council" shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of Her Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland:

" Jurisdiction" shall include " Power and Authority

"Buies and Orders" shall mean such Buies and Orders as shall from Time to Time be prepared by the Archbishop of Armagh and the Archbishop of Dublin, and directed by the Lord Lieutenant in Council to take effect as Buies and Orders under the Provisions of this Act:

" Said Archbishops99 shall mean the Lord Archbishop of Armagh for the Time being and the Lord Archbishop of Dublin for the Time being:

Superior Courts" shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law and Equity in Dublin:

" The Church " shall denote the United Church of England and Ireland:

"The Commissioners" shall mean and include the Commissioners of Inland Revenue: cc The Court" shall mean the Provincial Court or the United Court as regulated under this Act, as the Case may be:

K United Court" shall mean the Consistorial or Diocesan Court formed by the Union of the several Courts which by the Enactments of this Act shall be united to each other, and shall include the Diocesan Court of Meath:

"United Diocese" shall mean the several Dioceses under the Episcopal Jurisdiction of One Archbishop or Bishop, and shall include the Diocese of Meath:

Ci United Registry" shall mean the Consistorial or Diocesan Registry formed by the Union of the several Registries which by the Enactments of this Act shall be united to each other, and shall include the Registry of the Diocese of Meath:

"Vicar General" shall mean and include Official Principal* Commissary General, and Chancellor.

PABTII.

Bulbs and Orders.

5. It shall be lawful for the Archbishop of Armagh and the Archbishop of Dublin to prepare from Time to Time Buies and Orders for —

(1.) Altering and regulating the Times, Forms, and Mode of Procedure and Practice before the Provincial and United Courts; and (2.) Altering, establishing, and regulating the Fees to be payable by Suitors of the Provincial and United Courts to the Officers thereof in respect of the Business to be conducted before such Courts:

(3.) Regulating the Government and Conduct of Registrars of the Provincial Registries, and the Registrars of the United Registries, Apparitors, Clerks, Agents, and other Officers or Persons, in and relating to the Distribution and Performance of the Duties and Business to be done and performed in the Execution of their Offices or of this Act, and of Buies and Orders made in pursuance thereof:

(4.) The Custody and Preservation of Records, Books, Instruments, or other Documents in the Provincial and United Registries:

27 & 28 Vict. G g (5.) Making

225

[Commencement of Act.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Rule# and Orders to be prepared by the Archbishops of Armagh and Dublin, with the Concurrence of the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

Power of altering and regulating Fees.

Buies, &c. to be laid before Parliament.

Establishment of United Courts and Registries.

Certain Dioceses to be united for Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

(5.) Making such Alterations in the Form and Number of Ecclesiastical Instruments now issued under any Archiepiscopal or Episcopal or Consistorial Seal, or out of any Provincial or United Court, as they may deem expedient, and such Instruments so altered shall be as effectual in Law for this Purpose as the Forms for which they are substituted:

(6.) Abolishing, altering, or regulating Fees on Instruments prepared in the Provincial Registries or United Registries, or filed therein:

(7.) Altering and regulating on a uniform Scale the Fees on Marriage Licences, such Fees not to exceed in any Case the Sum of Forty Shillings, except in the Case of Special Licences:

(8.) Abolishing, altering, or regulating Visitation Fees, and other Fees, Charges, and Costs to be charged and paid either in the Provincial and United Courts or in the Provincial and United Registries in respect of the Business done or transacted therein respectively:

(9.) Establishing and regulating the Fees, Expenses, and Costs which shall, under this Act, be charged and payable in the Provincial and United Registries for the Performance of the Duties belonging to the Offices of the Provincial Vicars General, Vicars General of the United Courts, Surrogates, Registrars of the Provincial Registries, and Registrars of the United Registries, Apparitors, or other Officers:

(10.) Establishing and regulating the Salaries or Allowances or Fees to be allowed to all or any of the Vicars General of the Provincial and United Courts, Surrogates, Apparitors, Registrars of Provisional Registries, or Registrars of the United Registries:

(11.) Establishing and regulating the Fees and Allowances to Proctors, Attornies, and Solicitors in respect of the Business transacted by them either in the Provincial and United Courts or in the Provincial and United Registries: Or for,

(12.) Otherwise bringing into operation and carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act:

And such Rules and Orders so prepared shall be submitted to the Lord Lieutenant in Council; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council to direct that all or any Part of such Rules and Orders shall take effect as Rules and Orders of the Provincial and United Courts and of the Provincial and United Registries respectively; and all such Rules and Orders may from Time to Time, upon the Recommendation of the said Archbishops, be rescinded, altered, varied, or added to by the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

6. The Power of altering or regulating any Fees or other Emoluments that may, at the Time of the passing of this Act, be vested in any Ecclesiastical Court or Registry, or in any Archbishop, Bishop, Vicar General of a Provincial Court, Vicar General of a Diocesan Court, or other Person or Body Corporate, shall only be exercised after the passing of this Act by Order of the Lord Lieutenant in Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Archbishops.

7. All Rules and Orders which may be made under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament by the Registrar of the Provincial Court of Armagh, or by the Registrar of the Provincial Court of Dublin, as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders, within One Month after the making thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

PART III.

The United Coubtb and Registries.

8. There shall be in Ireland, exclusive of the Two Provincial Courts, Twelve United Diocesan Courts and Twelve United Diocesan Registries.

9. The several Dioceses the Courts and Registries of which shall have been united under this Act shall be deemed and taken to be One Diocese for all Purposes of Citation and of Ecclesiastical Power, and shall have a Seal for each United Court and Registry.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

10. For Official Signature to all Documents and other Instruments it shall be sufficient if the Archbishop of Armagh and Bishop of Clogker shall designate himself Archbishop of Armagh; and if the Archbishop of Dublin and Bishop of Glandelagh and of Kildare shall designate himself Archbishop of Dublin; and if the Bishop of Down and Connor and Dromore shall designate himself Bishop of Down; and if the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe shall designate himself Bishop of Derry; and if the Bishop of Kilmore, Elphin, and Ardagh shall designate himself Bishop of Kilmore; and if the Bishop of Tuam, Killala, and Achonry shall designate himself Bishop of Tuam; and if the Bishop of Killaloe, Kilfenora, Clonfert, and Kilmacduagh shall designate himself Bishop of Killaloe; and if the Bishop of Limerick, Ardfett, and Aghadoe shall designate himself Bishop of Limerick; and if the Bishop of Ossory, Ferns, and Leighlin shall designate himself Bishop of Ossory; and if the Bishop of Cashel, Emly, Waterford, and IAsmore shall designate himself Bishop of Cashel; and if the Bishop of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross shall designate himself Bishop of Cork.

1L The Diocese of Clonfert and the Diocese of Kilmacduagh shall be within the Province of Dublin and under the Archiepiscopal Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Dublin as Metropolitan.

12. The Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Clogher shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Armagh:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Raphoe shall be united to the Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Derry:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Dromore shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Dioceses of Down and Connor:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries of the Dioceses of Elphin and Ardagh shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Kilmore:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries of the Dioceses of Killala and Achonry shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Tuam:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries of the Dioceses of Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, and Kilfenora shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Killaloe:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Kildare shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Dioceses of Dublin and Glandelagh:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries of the Dioceses of Ferns and JLeighlin shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Ossory:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries of Cashel and Emly shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Dioceses of Waterford and Lismore:

The Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Diocese of Cloyne shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Dioceses of Cork and Ross:

And the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the Dioceses of Ardfert and Aghadoe shall be united to the Consistorial and Diocesan Court and Registry of the

Diocese of Limerick.

13. The Vicar General of the Diocese of Armagh shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Diocese of Cloglier:

The Vicar General of the Diocese of Derry shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Diocese of Raphoe:

The Vicar General of the Dioceses of Down and Connor% shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Diocese of Dromore:

227

Ab to Official Signature of Archbishops and Bishops.

Transference of certain Dioceses to Province of Dublin.

Union of certain Consistorial and Diocesan Courts and Registries as herein named.

A 8 to Discharge of Duties of Rights and Powers of Vicars General of Dioceses herein named.

228

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

The Vicars General of the Diocese of Kilmore shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicars General of the Dioceses of JElphin and of Ardagh;

The Vicar General of tlje Diocese of Tuam shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Dioceses of Killala and Achonry:

The Vicar General of the Diocese of Killaloe shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicars General of the Dioceses of Clonfert, Kibnacduagh, and Kilfenora:

The Official Principal, Commissary General, and Chancellor of the Dioceses of Dublin and Glandelagh shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General in Spirituals, Official Principal, Commissary General, and Chancellor of the Diocese of Kildare:

The Vicar General of the Diocese of Ossory shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Dioceses of Ferns and Leighlin:

The Vicar General of the Dioceses of Waterford and Lismore shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Dioceses of Cashel and Emly:

The Vicar General of the Dioceses of Cork and Ross shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Diocese of Cloyne:

The Vicar General of the Diocese of Limerick shall discharge the Duties and possess the Rights and Powers of the Vicar General of the Dioceses of Ardfert and Aghadoe.

As to the Appointment of Registrars of United Dioceses.

Existing Registrars shall continue to perform their Duties.

14. The Registrar of the Diocese of Clogher and the Registrars of the Diocese of Armagh shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Armagh and Clogher:

The Registrar of the Diocese of Raphoe and the Registrar of the Diocese of Derry shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Derry and Raphoe:

The Registrar of the Diocese of Dromore and the Registrar of the Dioceses of Down and Connor shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Down, Connor, and Dromore:

The Registrars of the Dioceses of Elphin and Ardagh and the Registrar of the Diocese of Kilmore shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Kilmore, Elphin, and Ardagh:

The Registrar of the Dioceses of Killala and Achonry and the Registrar of the Diocese of Tuam shall be the joint Registrars for the United Dioceses of Tuam, Killala, and Achonry:

The Registrars of the Dioceses of Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, and Kilfenora and the Registrar of the Diocese of Killaloe shall be the joint Registrars for the United Dioceses of Killaloe, Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, and Kilfenora:

The Registrar of the Diocese of Kildare and the Registrar of the Dioceses of Dublin and Glandelagh shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Dublin, Glandelagh, and Kildare:

The Registrars of the Dioceses of Ferns and Leighlin and the Registrar of the Diocese of Ossory shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Ossory, Ferns, and Leighlin:

The Registrars of the Dioceses of Cashel and Emly and the Registrars of the Dioceses of Waterford and Lismore shall be the joint Registrars for the United Dioceses of Cashel, Waterford, Lismore, and Emly:

The Registrar of the Diocese of Cloyne and the Registrar of the*Dioceses of Cork and Ross shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross:

The Registrar of the Dioceses of Ardfert and Aghadoe and the Registrar of the Diocese of Limerick shall be the joint Registrars of the United Dioceses of Limerick, Ardfert, and Aghadoe.

15. Each of such joint Registrars of a United Registry shall continue to discharge his Duties as Registrar in the Diocese of which he is Registrar at the Time of the passing of this Act, and to receive, subject to the Rules and Orders, the Fees or official Emoluments arising therefrom.

16. Upon

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

16. Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of One or more of auch joint Registrars, the surviving Registrar or Registrars shall, subject to the Rules and Orders, perform all the Duties and receive the Fees and official Emoluments belonging to the Office of Registrar or joint Registrar of the United Dioceses to which he shall have been appointed under this Act.

17. Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of all the joint Registrars of any United Registry who may be in Office when this Act comes into operation there shall be only One Registrar appointed for any United Registry who shall hold his Office during good Behaviour; and until the Death, Resignation, or Removal of all the joint Registrars of any United Registry no Appointment of Registrar or joint Registrar of any United Registry shall be made.

18. Subject to the Rules and Orders, nothing herein contained shall give any Deputy Registrar a Right to exercise the Duties of a Registrar or Deputy Registrar after the Decease, Resignation, or Removal of his Principal from the Office of joint Registrar.

19. When this Act comes into operation, the Patents, Commissions, and Appointments of the Vicars General of the Dioceses of Dromore, Elpkin, Ardagli, Kildare, Cashel and Emly, Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, shall, except as to their respective existing Rights and Duties as Vicars General in Spirituals, be of no Force and Effect: Provided that,

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the now Vicar General of Dromore the Plights and Duties of the Vicar General of Dromore in Spirituals shall belong to and be discharged by the Vicar General of the Diocese of Down and Connor for the Time being:

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the now Vicar General of Elphin and of the now Vicar General of Ardagh the Rights and Duties of the Vicars General of Elphin and of Ardagh in Spirituals shall belong to and be discharged by the Vicar General of the Diocese of Kilmore for the Time being:

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the now Vicars General of Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, and Kilfenora, the Rights and Duties of such Vicars General of Clonfert, Kilmacduagh, and Kilfenora in Spirituals shall belong to and be discharged by the Vicar General of the Diocese of Killaloe for the Time being:

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the now Vicar General of Kildare the Rights and Duties of the Vicar General of Kildare in Spirituals shall belong to and be discharged by the Official Principal of the Dioceses of Dublin and Glandelagh for the Time being:

Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the now Vicar General of the Dioceses of Cashel and Emly the Rights and Duties of the Vicar General of Cashel and Emly in Spirituals shall belong to and be discharged by the Vicar General of the Dioceses of Waterford and Lismore for the Time being.

20. Every Registrar shall, in such Manner as may be directed by the Rules and Orders, keep separate an Account of ail Fees for Diocesan Business transacted by him after this Act comes into operation, and he shall on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and on the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, in such Manner as may be directed by the Rules and Orders, account for and pay to any Vicar General whose Patent, Commission, or Appointment is or may be partly annulled by this Act the Fees for Business transacted belonging to the Office of Vicar General in Spirituals received in respect of the Diocese to which each such Vicar Genei'al severally belongs; and the Registrars of the United Registries shall respectively pay to the Vicars General appointed under this Act their respective Shares of such Fees as are payable to them as the Official Principal's Chancellors and Commissary Generals of such Dioceses.

PART IV.

Procedure and Practice; Proceedings in default of Appearance; Payment of Costs; Computation of Time; Oaths and Subscriptions; Proceedings by Consent; Grant of Faculties; and Filing of Instruments.

21. Suita or other Proceedings shall be commenced in the Provincial or United Courts by filing in the Registry a Petition or Statement of Accusation, signed by Counsel, and

addressed

229

Surviving gistrars to perform Duties of United Registries.

Upon Death, &c. of all the joint Registrars only One Registrar for each United Diocese to be appointed.

Deputy Registrars not to exercise Duties after Death, 8cc. of Principal. Existing Patents of Vicars General of Dromore, & c. annulled, except as to existing Rights.

Fees to Vicars General in Spirituals.

Alfxle of Procedure in the Provincial and United Courts.

Suits, &c. to be commenced by filing a Petition

230 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

or Statement of addressed to the Provincial or United Court, as the Case may be, and by serving the Accusation in Defendant with a Copy thereof, and the subsequent Proceedings shall be conducted subject to the Rules and Orders.

the Registry.

Defendants to have the same Rights as in Superior Courts.

22. Every Defendant under this Act shall have, except the Right to have disputed Questions of Fact tried by a Jury, the same Rights and Privileges as Defendants have in the Superior Courts.

Affidavit by Petition that no Collusionexists, and that the Allegations in the Petition are true.

Service of Petition or Notices.

Petitions, &c. may be sent to the Registry in a Registered Letter.

23. Iu any Suit or other Proceeding originated in a Provincial or United Court, other than for the Grant of Faculty, the Petitioner or Prosecutor shall, before presenting his Petition or Statement of Accusation to the Court, make an Affidavit, and annex the same to his Petition or Statement of Accusation, that there exists no Collusion between himself and the Defendant with respect to the Subject Matters contained in his Petition or Statement of Accusation, and that he believes that the Allegations contained in his Petition or Statement of Accusation are true: The Court may, if it think fit, order the Petitioner or Prosecutor to attend, and may examine him or permit him to be examined or cross-examined on the Hearing of any such Petition or Statement of Accusation.

24. Petitions, Deeds, Documents, Instruments, Notices, and other Communications directed to be filed in or sent to any Provincial or United Registry under this Act may be forwarded by Post in a Registered Letter to such Registry.

Any Petition or Notice may be served by sending the same in a Registered Letter.

Proceedings in default of Appearance.

25. A Summons, or the Copy of any Petition or Statement of Accusation, or any Notice, may be served either on the Person instituting any Suit or other Proceeding, or upon the Defendant to such Suit or other Proceeding, by leaving the same or sending it by Post in a Registered Letter addressed to him at his usual Place of Abode.

26. If a Party be duly summoned to appear in any Suit or other Proceeding, and shall not appear p.ursuant to the Rules and Orders, the Court having Jurisdiction over such Suit or other Proceeding may, notwithstanding such Default, proceed to hear and determine the same.

Payment of Costs.

Security for Costs.

Costs to be in the Discretion of the Court.

Frivolous Complaints or Defences.

As to Computation of Time.

Oaths and Subscriptions.

Acts not required to be done»in Court.

27. The Vicar General of any Provincial or United Court may, if he deem fit, upon the Application of a Defendant to any Suit or other Proceeding, supported by Affidavit, order the Petitioner or Party prosecuting to give Security for the Costs of the Defendant, and until such Security for Costs be given the Suit or other Proceeding shall be stayed.

28. Upon Appeals from the Provincial Court to the Queen in Council the Costs shall be in the Discretion of the Judicial Committee. In Matrimonial Suits, in Suits relating to Dilapidations, and in all other Suits or Proceedings, whether by Consent or otherwise, the Costs shall be in the Discretion of the Court that pronounces the final Judgment.

29. If it appear that any Petitioner or Party prosecuting has made any groundless or frivolous Claim or Complaint, or that any Defendant has set up any groundless or frivolous Defence, the Court or the Judicial Committee, as the Case may be, may order such Petitioner, Party prosecuting, or Defendant to pay, as between Attorney and Client, the whole or any Part of the Costs of resisting such groundless or frivolous Claim or Complaint, or setting up such groundless or frivolous Defence, and such Costs shall be taxed as may be directed by the Rules and Orders.

30. When any particular Number of Days is prescribed by this Act, or by the Rules and Orders, for the doing of any Act, or for any other Purpose, the same shall be reckoned, in the Absence of any Expression to the contrary, exclusive of the first and inclusive of the last Day, unless the last Day shall happen to fall on a Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, Monday and Tuesday in Easter Week, or a Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, in which Case the Time shall be reckoned exclusive of that Day also.

31. Any Act of Episcopal Jurisdiction not required to be done in any Provincial or United Court, at which the Presence of a Surrogate, Registrar, or other Officer is now required, may, at the Discretion of the Bishop, be done in the Presence of any Priest in Holy Orders of the United Church of England and Ireland, or of any Attorney or Solicitor who shall witness the same, and transmit it to the Registrar.

32. All

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

32. All Oaths and Subscriptions now required to be made before a Bishop, and to which the Attestation of a Surrogate, Registrar, Notary Public, or other Officer is necessary, may, at the Discretion of the Bishop, be witnessed by any Archdeacon or beneficed Clergyman.

33. For the Determination of Questions raised by Consent, the Parties in any Suit or other Proceeding in a Provincial or a United Court may, after a Petition has been filed in any United Registry, or at any subsequent Stage of the Proceedings before Judgment, state any Questions arising in such Suit or other Proceeding in a Special Case, provided it be signed by a Barrister-at-Law, and the Parties, after signing and filing the same as of Record in such Registry, may require thereon the Judgment of the United Court in which the Suit or other Proceeding shsdl have been instituted, without any further Proceeding, and the Judgment of such Court shall be filed in the United Registry as of Record. If either of the Parties be dis-satisfied with such Judgment, he may appeal therefrom to the Provincial Court.

34. If all the Parties to any Suit or Proceeding in a Cause or Matter Ecclesiastical be desirous to have such a Suit or Proceeding argued before the Archbishop of Armagh or his Vicar General in Dublin, the Archbishop of Armagh may direct the same to be argued accordingly, and the Archbishop of Armagh or his Vicar General shall have and exercise the same Rights and Powers in respect of such Suit or Proceeding as he would have had or might have exercised in the Province of Armagh.

35. It shall not be necessary to hold a Court for the Hearing of any Cause arising out of a Petition for the granting of a Faculty, unless within Fourteen Days after the Return of the necessary Citation a Decree on such Petition, or Notice of Opposition to the granting of such Faculty to be made at such Court, shall be filed in the Registry by some Person entitled to appear in such Cause, and failing such Notice the Faculty may be issued, as if such Court had been held and no Appearance made.

36. Every Instrument prepared in the Ecclesiastical Registry which shall be executed by the Bishop shall be executed in Duplicate, one Copy whereof shall be given to the Party entitled to receive the same, and the other Copy shall be returned by the Bishop to the Registrar of his Registry, to be by him filed as of Record; provided that where there be no Party entitled to receive such Copy, and it be only requisite to file such Instrument in the Registry, such Instrument shall not be executed in Duplicate.

PART V.

Evidence.

37. In all .Suits or other Proceedings before a Provincial or United Court the Evidence shall be given, save as herein-after provided, vivd voce in open Court, and upon Oath.

38. Notes of such Evidence shall be taken down in Writing by the Vicar General of the Province or of the United Court, as the Case may be, or by the Registrar, or by such other Person and in such Manner as such Vicar General or as the Rules and Orders shall direct.

39. A Note of any Judgment that may be given by the Court as to any Question of Law arising before the Hearing, of any Suit or other Proceeding, or as to the Admissibility of any Evidence, shall be made and signed by the Vicar General who presides at such Hearing or Judgment.

40. The Court in any Suit or other Proceeding may, if requested by any of the litigant Parties, in open Court, at the Commencement of the Trial, appoint a Shorthand Writer, or, if needed, more than One, or a Reporter, or, if needed, more than One, who shall be Bworn faithfully to report the Evidence at such Trial in such Manner as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders, and the Payment of such Shorthand Writer or Reporter shall be paid by the Parties making the Application; and such Report shall be disposed of in such Manner as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders.

41. If

231

Oaths, &c. before Bishop may be witnessed by Arch-deacon, &c.

Proceeding* by Consent.

Determination of Questions raised by Consent.

Suits, &c. may be heard and determined by the Archbishop of Armagh in the Province of Dublin.

As to the Grant of Faculties.

Ecclesiastical Instruments to be filed.

Witnesses to give Evidence viva voce.

Notes of Evidence to be taken by Vicar-General, &c.

Note upon any Question of Law to he signed by Vicar-GeneraL

Shorthand Writer to report Evidence and Summing-up of the Court.

False Evidence to be deemed Perjury.

Attendance of Witnesses.

Evidence may be taken before a Commissioner appointed by a Provincial or United Court.

Judgments to be in Writing.

Judgment or Sentence to be filed in Registry.

When Judgments need not be delivered in open Court.

Copies of Judgments to be sent to the Parties upon the Record.

Printed Copies of the Judgment of the Provincial Courts and final Court of Appeal to be sent to the Archbishops, &c.

Citation or Notice to extend over Great Britain, Ireland, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

41. If in the Provincial Court of Armagh or of Dublin, or in any United Court, or in any Provincial or United Registry, any Person wilfully give false Evidence upon Oath, he shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

42. Any Provincial or United Court may require and enforce the Attendance of any Witness before itself in any Suit or other Proceeding, and also the Production of any Deeds, Evidences, Books, or Writings, by any Order, to be issued in such and the same Form, or as nearly as may be, as that in which a Writ of Subpmna ad testificandum or of Subpoena duces tecum is now issued and enforced in the Superior Courts; and every Person disobeying such Order shall be considered as in Contempt of the Court, and may be punished accordingly.

43. In any Suit or Proceeding in a Provincial or United Court, if the Court be satisfied, by Affidavit or otherwise, that from Illness, Age, or Infirmity any Person whose Testimony is required cannot attend and give Evidence in Person at the Trial, it may, if it appear to be necessary for the Ends of Justice, issue a Commission for the Examination of such Witness on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, or, if the Witness be within the Jurisdiction of the Court, order the Examination of such Witness upon Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, before any Officer or Person to be named in such Order for the Purpose, and all the Powers given to the Superior Courts by any Act now in force for enabling such Courts to issue Commissions and give Orders for the Examination of Witnesses in Actions depending in such Courts, and to enforce such Examination, and all the Provisions of any Acts for enforcing or otherwise applicable to such Examination, and to the Witnesses examined, shall, subject to the Rules and Orders, extend and be applicable to every Provincial and United Court, and to the Examination of Witnesses under the Commission and Orders of such Court, and to the Witnesses examined, as if such Court was one of the Superior Courts, and the Matter before it was an Action pending in such Court.

PART VI.

Judgments.

44. Every Judgment pronounced by the Vicars General of the Provincial and United Courts shall be in Writing.

45* When the Court shall have signed its Judgment or Sentence the same shall be filed as of Record in the Registry of the Province or Diocese.

46. The Judgment, with the Reasons thereof, of any Provincial or United Court in any Suit or other Proceeding, except in Cases of Crime and Immorality, need not be delivered in open Court, but shall in every Case be filed in the Registry.

47. Copy of every such Judgment shall in every Case be transmitted by the Registrar in the Mode prescribed by the Rules and Orders to each of the Parties upon the Record within Three Days after the filing of such Judgment in the Registry.

48. The Registrar shall, within Twenty-one Days after the filing in the Registry of any Judgment of a Provincial Court, and of any Judgment or Opinion pronounced thereon by the final Court of Appeal, in respect of Matters concerning the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, or Government of the Church, cause printed Copies of such Judgment or Opinion to be transmitted to each of the Archbishops and Bishops of the Church holding Sees in England and Ireland, to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, to the Lora Chancellor of Ireland, and to such other Persons as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders.

PART VII.

Enforcement of the Process of the Provincial and United Courts.

49. Any Citation or Notice issuing out of any Provincial or United Court *mny be personally served upon the Party to be affected thereby in any Part of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Isles of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, and Alderney.

50. Summonses

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54. 233

50. Summonses and other Process issuing out of the Provincial or United Court shall Process of the be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the Court, and signed by the Vicar General of the Province cr United Court; and if any Person forge such Seal or Signature, Summons or under Seal, other Process, or serve or enforce any such Summons or Process, knowing the same to be

forged, or deliver or cause to be delivered to any Person any Paper falsely purporting to be a Copy of any Summons or other Process of the Court, knowing the same to be false, or wilfully act under any false Colour or Pretence of the Process of the Court, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with or without Hard Labour.

51. Any Provincial or United Court may enforce its Orders, Decrees, and Judgments in Mode of cnforc-such Manner as may be directed by the Rules and Orders; and in the Case of any Order,

Decree, or Judgment being pronounced against any Person holding any Preferment, the Judgments, same may be enforced by means of a Sequestration of such Preferment, subject to the Regulations to be made by the Rules and Orders.

PART VIII.

Practitioners.

52. A Party to any Suit or other Proceeding in a Provincial or United Court, or, if Who may ap-retained on behalf of either Party, Serjeants-at-Law and Barristers-at-Law, may appear and pear 38 Counsel, practise in the Provincial and United Courts, with all the Rights and Privileges that they

possess in the Superior Courts.

53. Proctors may practise as heretofore in the Provincial and United Courts, and Proctors may

Attornies and Solicitors shall have the 6ame Rights and Privileges as Proctors in such practise as here-Courts, and the Laws and Statutes concerning Proctors, Attornies, and Solicitors shall tomiesjfcc. to" extend to Proctors, Attornies, and Solicitors practising under this Act. have same

Rights as Proctors.

PART IX.

Provincial and Diocesan Vicars General, Registrars, and other Officers.

54. No Person shall be qualified for the Office of Vicar General of the Provincial Courts Qualification of

of Armagh or Dublin unless he be One of Her Majesty's Serjeants or One of Her Majesty's a Provincial, Counsel, or a practising Barrister of Fifteen Years standing at the Irish Bar. Vicar General.

55. In case of the Illness or Incapacity to act of any Vicar General of the Provinces of Appointment of Armagh or Dublin, a Statement of the Circumstances whereof shall be by the Registrar a Deputy Profiled as of Record in the Registry belonging to the Province of which he is Vicar General, Genc^T1^ the Archbishop of such Province may appoint under his Archiepiscopal Seal, which Appointment shall be by the Registrar filed as of Record in the Registry of such Archbishop, One of Her Majesty's Serjeants or One of Her Majesty's Counsel, or a practising Barrister of Fifteen Years standing at the Irish Bar, to act as Vicar General for the

Province of Armagh or Dublin, as the Case may be, during the Illness or Incapacity to act of the Vicar General; and every Serjeant, Counsel, or Barrister so appointed shall during his Appointment have all the Powers, Privileges, and Protections and perform all the Duties of the Vicar General for whom he is appointed to act; and such Deputy Vicar General shall be paid by such Vicar General such Sum of Money or Proportion of Fees or Salary by way of Salary or Allowance, not exceeding Two Thirds of the Fees or Salary received by such Vicar General for his own Use, as shall be fixed by the Archbishop of Armagh or the Archbishop of Dublin, as the Case may be, under his Archiepiscopal Seal.

56. After the passing of this Act no Person shall be appointed to the Office of Vicar Qualifications General for any United Diocese unless he has previously been a practising Barrister of yj^neral Six Years standing at the Irish Bar; but nothing herein contained shall disqualify any Person holding the Office of Vicar General before the passing of this Act from continuing to hold such Office under this Act by reason of his not having been a practising Barrister of Six Years Standing.

27 & 28 Vict. H h 57. In

234

Appointment of Deputy Diocesan Vicara General.

Tenure of Office.

Oath of Office.

Oath to betaken by Deputy Vicar General.

Removal of Vicar General when he ceases to be a Member of the Church. Registrars to perform their Duties in Person.

Appointment of Deputy in the Case of Illness or Absence.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

57. In case of the Illness or Incapacity to act of any Vicar General of a United Diocese, a Statement of the Circumstances whereof shall be filed as of Record in the United Registry belonging to the United Diocese of which he is Vicar General, the Bishop haying Power over such United Diocese may appoint under his Episcopal Seal, which Appointment shall be by the Registrar of such United Diocese filed as of Record, a practising Barrister of Six Years standing at the Irish Bar to act as Vicar General for such United Diocese during such Illness or Incapacity; and every Barrister so appointed shall during his Appointment have all the Powers, Privileges, and Protections and perform all the Duties of the Vicar General for [whom he is appointed to act; and such Deputy Vicar General so appointed shall be paid by such Vicar General such Sum of Money or Proportion of Fees by way of Salary or Allowance, not exceeding Two Thirds of the Fees received by such Vicar General for his own Use, as shall be fixed by the said Bishop under his Episcopal Seal.

58. Every Vicar General shall hold his Office during good Behaviour,

59. Every Vicar General shall, before entering upon the Duties of his Office, take an Oath before any Archbishop or Bishop of the United Church of England and Ireland, or any One of the Judges of the Superior Courts, who is hereby authorized to administer it, which Oath shall be in the following Form; that is to say,

* ' T A.B. do solemnly swear. That I am a Member of the United Church of England and Ireland, and that I will faithfully and to the best of my Ability execute the Office of f Vicar General within the Province of [or Diocese of

i as the Case may be] without Fear, Favour, Affection, or Malice.

So help me GOD. '

60. Every Barrister appointed to act as a Deputy Vicar General of a Province or United Diocese shall, before entering upon the Duties of his Office, take an Oath before any Archbishop or Bishop of the said United Church, or any One of the Judges of the Superior Courts, who is hereby authorized to administer it; that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I am a Member of the United Church of England and ' Ireland, and that I will faithfully and to the best of my Ability execute the Office of (Deputy Vicar General within the Province of [or Diocese of

as the Case may Z>e] without Fear, Favour, Affection, or Malice.

So help me GOD. '

61. If any Provincial or Diocesan Vicar General shall cease to be a Member of the Church, his Office shall ipso facto become void, as in the Case of a Vacancy in the Office caused by Death, and a Successor shall be appointed.

62. Every Registrar of a Provincial or United Registry hereafter to be appointed shall perform the Duties of his Office in Person, and shall not appoint a Deputy Registrar to perform such Duties; but nothing herein contained shall disqualify any Person holding the Office of Registrar at the Time of the passing of this Act from discharging under the Provisions of this Act the Duties of a Registrar by Deputy; provided that no such last-mentioned Registrar shall after the passing of this Act appoint any Deputy, unless it be with the written Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese within which such Registry is situated.

63. Provided, That in the Case of the Illness or Absence of any Registrar of a United Registry, a Statement of the Circumstances whereof shall be filed as of Record in the Registry of which he is Registrar, the Archbishop or Bishop having Power over such Registry may appoint under his Archiepiscopal or Episcopal Seal, which Appointment shall be filed in such Registry as of Record, a qualified Person to act as Registrar during the Illness or Absence of such Registrar; and every Person so appointed during the Time for which he shall be so appointed to act shall, subject to the Rules and Orders, have all the Powers, Privileges, and Protections and perform all the Duties of the Registrar for whom he is appointed to act; and such Deputy Registrar shall be paid by such Registrar such Sum of Money by way of Allowance as shall be fixed under the Archi-

235

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 54.

episcopal or Episcopal Seal of the Archbishop or Bishop haying Power over the Registry of such Registrar.

64. It shall not be lawful for any Judge, Officer, or other Person appointed, employed, or Judges, &c.

retained under the Provisions of this Act to receive any Gratuity for his own Use or Profit. not to receive

Gratuities.

65. If any Registrar, Officer, or other Person belonging to any Provincial Court, Remedies United Court, or United Registry, acting under Pretence of the Jurisdiction of the against Officers Court or of this Act, be charged with Extortion or Misconduct, or with not duly paying for Mi8COnduct-or accounting for Money levied by him under this Act, the Vicar General of the Province

or of a United Diocese may publicly inquire into such Matter upon Oath, and may summon and enforce the Attendance of all necessary Parties, in such Manner as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders, and may make such Order thereupon, subject to the written Confirmation of the Bishop endorsed upon such Order, as such Vicar General may deem proper for the Repayment of the Money so extorted, or for the due Payment of Money so levied as aforesaid, and for the Payment of Damages and Costs: All such Orders and Proceedings shall be forthwith transmitted to the Provincial Registry, and filed as of Record: And every such Officer and other Person convicted of such Extortion or Misconduct shall be for ever incapable of being employed under this Act: The said Archbishops may, if they think fit, before this Act comes into operation, make and issue Rules and Orders directing the Registrars and Deputy Registrars or other Officers of all or any of the Provincial and Diocesan Registries to make such Returns, and to do such other Acts, as may in their Opinion be required for bringing the Provisions of this Act' into operation; and any Registrar, Deputy Registrar, or other Officer disobeying such Rules and Orders may by the said Archbishops be suspended from his Office of Registrar,

Deputy Registrar, or other Office, as the Case may be, until he shall have obeyed such Rules and Orders.

PART X.

Reservation of existing Rights.

66. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to derogate

from, diminish, prejudice, alter, or affect, otherwise than is expressly provided, any Juris- Archbishops, diction already vested in or belonging to any Archbishop or Bishop or Vicar General under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, or Usage.

67. This Act shall not interfere with the Jurisdiction of any Archbishop, Bishop, Arch- Visitations not deacon, or other Ecclesiastical Person as to holding Visitations, or doing any Act or interfered with, exercising any Jurisdiction which he may at present do or exercise at Visitations.

68. Subject to the Rules and Orders, nothing in this Act contained shall affect the

Power of any Provincial or Diocesan Vicar General of a United Diocese to appoint vi^Joeneral Surrogates as heretofore, or to affect the Power of any Person heretofore appointed. to appoint Sur-

rogates.

69. All Suits and Proceedings in Causes or Matters Ecclesiastical which at the Time As to Suits when this Act comes into operation shall be pending in any Ecclesiastical Court in Trelnnd pending when which by this Act shall be united to any other Ecclesiastical Court shall be transferred

to, dealt with, and decided by the Court to and with which such Ecclesiastical Court shall be united by this Act as if the same had originated therein; and all Suits or other Proceedings which at the Time of this Act coming into operation shall be depending before the Queen in Her High Court of Chancery shall be dealt with and decided as if this Act had not been passed.

70. If any Cause or Matter Ecclesiastical which would under this Act be transferred Power to Vfetr to a United Court shall have been heard before any Vicar General having Jurisdiction in General whose relation to such Cause or Matter, and be then standing for Judgment, such Vicar General mi^to^ehrer may, at any Time within Six Weeks after this Act comes into operation, give or transmit written Judg-to the Registrar of the United Court a written Judgment thereon, and a Decree or Order, rants.

as the Case may require, shall be drawn up by the Registrar of the United Court in pursuance of such Judgment, and every such Decree or Order shall have the same Force

236

Power to Courts to on-force Decrees, &c.

Authority of Archbishops and Bishops to include every Place in exempt Jurisdictions, as in 5 G. 4. c. 91.

Transmission of Records to the United Registries.

Penalty on stealing or defacing Records.

Application of Fees, &c.

Such Fees may he recovered before Chairman of County Quarter Sessions.

Accounts of Courts and Registries to he audited.

Annual Report of Business transacted, &c. by the Court, to be laid before Lord Lieutenant.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54.

and Effect as if it had been drawn up in pursuance of a Judgment of the Court of the Diocese of which he had been the Vicar General on the Day on which the same was delivered to the Registrar, and shall be subject to Appeal under this Act.

71. Any Decree or Order of any Ecclesiastical Court which shall have been made before

this Act comes into operation in any Cause or Matter Ecclesiastical may be enforced or otherwise dealt with by a United Court in the same Way as if it had been originally made therein.

PART XI.

Miscellaneous Clauses.

72. For the Purposes of this Act the Province of an Archbishop or the Diocese of an Archbishop or Bishop shall be taken to include every Place or District, exempt or peculiar, subject to the Authority of such Archbishop or Bishop for the Purposes of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, to restrain Spiritual Persons from carrying on Trade or Merchandise, and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, in Ireland.

73. The Registrar or Deputy Registrar or other Officer of each Registry which shall be united to a Registry shall transmit to the United Registry, at such Time and in such Manner as may be directed by the Rules and Orders, all Letters Patent, Records, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Compositions, Lists, Books, Marriage Notice Books, Documents, Faculties, Licences, Consecrations, Instruments relating to Pews in Churches or Chapels, or to the building or Dilapidations of Ecclesiastical Residences, Sequestrations, or any other Instrument or Document now in such Diocesan Registry of which he is the Registrar or Deputy Registrar.

74. If any Person steal or wilfully deface, destroy, or injure any Letters Patent, Records, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings, Compositions, Lists, Books, Marriage Notice Books, Documents, Faculties, Licences, Consecrations, Instruments relating to Pews in Churches or Chapels, or to the building or Dilapidations of Ecclesiastical Residences, Sequestrations, or any other Instrument or Document filed or deposited in any United Registry, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Three Years, with or without Hard Labour.

75. All Fees, Official Charges, and Costs for Business transacted in the Provincial fcnd United Courts and United Registries, and all Fees and Documents filed therein, and all Fees payable for Marriage Licences and at Visitations, and all Fees which after this Act comes into operation shall become due and payable to every Vicar General of a Provincial Court, Vicar General of a United Court, Surrogate, Registrar, and Apparitor, shall, except otherwise directed by the Rules and Orders, be paid to the several Registrars of the United Registries, and may be by such Registrars recovered before the Chairman of the County Quarter Sessions within whose Girouit the Office of the Registry may be situated, or may' be recovered by them as such Fees are now recoverable.

76. The Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Provincial and United Courts and of the Provincial and United Registries, and all other Receipts and Disbursements under this Act, shall be audited in such Manner as shall be directed by the Rules and Orders; and the said Archbishops shall appoint an Auditor of such Accounts, and may remove such Auditor, and fix the Amount to be paid to him in respect of every such Audit, which shall be defrayed out of the Funds at the Disposal of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland.

77. The Registrars of the Provincial and United Registries shall annually make and send a Report to the Lord Lieutenant in Council of the Business transacted in the Provincial and United Courts and in the Provincial and United Registries, and also an Abstract of the Receipts and Disbursements of their respective Courts and Registries during such Period.

Part

237

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 54, 55.

PART XII.

Appeals from the United Courts to the Provincial Courts.

78. In any Suit or other Proceeding before a United Court there shall be no Appeal, without the special Leave of such Court, from any interlocutory Decree or Order thereof not having the Force of a definitive Sentence, until a definitive Sentence shall have been pronounced thereon; but when a definitive Sentence has been pronounced, any Party appealing therefrom may also appeal from such interlocutory Decree or Order.

79. The Provincial Court may affirm, modify, or amend the Decree or Order appealed against, or make such other Order in the Premises as it thinks just.

80. Every Appeal from a United Court to a Provincial Court shall be made by suing out Letters of Request from the Bishop to the Provincial Court, having annexed thereto a Transcript of the Record in the Cause, tho Proceedings thereon, the documentary Evidence, any Decision of the Court upon any Question of Law, with the Notes of the Evidence, and no other Evidence shall be received before the Provincial Court.

81. In any Suit or other Proceeding there shall be no Appeal from a Provincial Court, without the special Leave of such Court, from any interlocutory Decree or Order thereof not having the Force of a definitive Sentence, until a definitive Sentence shall have been pronounced therein; but when any definitive Sentence has been pronounced either in a Provincial or a Diocesan Court, any Party appealing therefrom may also appeal from such interlocutory Order or Decree.

CAP. LV.

An Act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the Metropolitan Police District.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by Section Fifty-seven of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

1. An Act for further improving the Police in and near the Metropolis, it was enacted, that any Householder within the Metropolitan Police District might require any Street c Musician to depart from the Neighbourhood of the House of any such Householder, on account of the Illness of any Inmate of such House, or for other reasonable Cause: And whereas the said Provision has been found insufficient for the Protection of such Householders from Annoyauoe by Street Musicians Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Section Fifty-seven of the said Act is hereby repealed, and in lieu thereof the following Provision shall take effect as Part of the said Act; namely, any Householder within the Metropolitan Police District, personally, or by his Servant, or by any Police Constable, may require any Street Musician or Street Singer to depart from the Neighbourhood of the House of such Householder, on account of the Illness, or on account of the Interruption of the ordinary Occupations or Pursuits of any Inmate of such House, or for other reasonable or sufficient Cause; and every Person who shall sound or play upon any Musical Instrument or shall sing in any Thoroughfare or public Place near any such House after being so required to depart, shall be liable to a Penalty not more than Forty Shillings, or, in the Discretion of the Magistrate before whom he shall be convicted, may be imprisoned for any Time not more than Three Days, and it shall be lawful for any Constable belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force to take into Custody without Warrant any Person who shall offend as aforesaid: Provided always, he shall be given into Custody by the Person making the

Appeals from the United Contts to the Provincial Courts.

Provincial Court may affirm, &c. Order appealed against.

How Appeals from a United Court shall be made.

No Appeal from the Judgment of a Provincial Court from interlocutory Decrees not having the Force of a definitive Sentence.

2 & 8 Vict. c. 47.

Repeal of recited Provision, and Substitution of amended Provision.

Treatment of Charge brought to Police Court while shut.

19 G. 2. c. 37.

Re-assurances of Sea Risks may lawfully be made.

On Termination of Risk and Proof of prior Assurance duly stamped, Allowance to be made for Stamp Duty on Policy of Re-assurance.

Bills of Exchange payable on demand and endorsed abroad to be deemed Foreign Bills.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 55, 56.

the Charge: Provided also, that the Person making a Charge for an Offence against this Act shall accompany the Constable who shall take into Custody any Person offending as aforesaid to the nearest Police Station House, and there sign the Charge Sheet kept for such Purpose.

2. Whenever any Person charged with an Offence under this Act shall be brought to any Station House during the Time when the Police Court shall be shut, it shall be lawful for the Constable in charge of the Station House to require the Person making the Charge to enter into a Recognizance, conditioned as is provided by the Act passed in the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven, Section Seventy-two; and upon the Refusal of such Person to do so it shall be lawful for such Constable to discharge from Custody the Person so charged.

CAP. LYI.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

[25th July 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. (Whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Thirty-seven, intituled An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandises or Effects laden thereon; and by Section Four of the same Act it is prohibited to make Re-assurance except in the Cases therein (mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to remove such Restriction Be it enacted, That notwithstanding anything contained in the said Act, it shall be lawful to make Re-assurance upon any Ship or Vessel, or upon any Goods, Merchandise or other Property on board of any Ship or Vessel, or upon the Freight of any Ship or Vessel, or upon any other Interest in or relating to any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully be insured, and such Re-assurance9 shall be deemed to be the Insurance of Interests which may lawfully be insured within the Meaning of the Acts imposing Stamp Duties on Policies of Sea Insurance: Provided always, that if within Three Calendar Months next after the Termination of the Risk on any Policy of Re-assurance Application shall be made to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and it shall be proved to their Satisfaction that any such Re-assurance as aforesaid has been made on the same Property or Interest and Risk which shall have been previously assured to the same or some greater Amount by One or more lawful and valid Policy or Policies existing at the Time of making such Re-assurance, and duly stamped for denoting the full and proper Duties chargeable thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make Allowance for the Stamp Duty impressed on the Policy of Reassurance in like Manner as in the Case of spoiled Stamps on Policies of Insurance under the Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and thirty-three; and the several Provisions of the said Act, so far as they are applicable or can be applied, shall be observed and put in force with respect to the Allowance of the Stamps on the said Policies of Re-assurance.

2. Any Bill of Exchange payable on Demand, which shall be endorsed out of the United Kingdom, or purport to be so endorsed, wheresoever the same may have been drawn, shall, for the Purpose of charging the Stamp Duty thereon, be deemed to be a Foreign Bill of Exchange, but shall be chargeable with the same Amount of Stamp Duty as an Inland Bill of Exchange for the Payment of Money otherwise than on Demand, according to the Amount thereby made payable; and the Provisions, Regulations, and Penalties contained in the Fifth Section of the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's

239

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 56.

Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-three, shall be deemed to apply to any such Bill so endorsed or purporting to be endorsed as aforesaid as if the same were a Bill drawn out of the United Kingdom.

3. In lieu of the Stamp Duties now payable for or upon any Letter or Power of Attorney Stamp Duties for the Receipt of Dividends or Interest of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks °n Letters of or Funds, or of the Stocks or Funds of the Secretary of State in Council of India, or of the^eceip^of India Promissory Notes, or registered Promissory Notes, the Interest of which is payable Dividends or by Bills of Exchange on the Governments of India, Madras, and Bombay respectively, or of Interest of the Stocks, Funds, or Shares of or in any Joint Stock Company or other Company or 8' un s '

Society whose Stocks or Funds are divided into Shares and transferable, there shall be charged and paid for or upon such Letter or Power of Attorney as aforesaid the following Stamp Duties; (that is to say,)

Where such Letter or Power of Attorney shall be for the Receipt of One Payment only, the Duty of One Shilling:

And where the same shall be for continuous Receipt or for the Receipt of more than One Payment, the Duty of Five Shillings.

4. 'And whereas certain ad valorem Stamp Duties are by several Statutes in that Behalf granted and imposed upon or in respect of the following Instruments; (that k 4 to say,)

4 Probate of a Will and Letters of Administration, with or without a Will annexed, to be granted in England or Ireland;

4 Inventory to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased Be it enacted, That the said Stamp Duties shall be charged and paid in respect of the Value of any Ship or any Share of a Ship belonging to any deceased Person which shall be registered at any Port in the United Kingdom, notwithstanding such Ship at the Time of the Death of the Testator or Intestate may hav&been at Sea or elsewhere out of the United Kingdom; and for the Purpose of charging the said Duties, such Ship shall be deemed to have been at the Time aforesaid in the Port at which she may be registered.

Stamp Duties on Probates, Letters of Administration, and Inventories to extend to British Ships at Sea.

5. No Stamp Duty shall be chargeable on any such Probate, Letters of Administration, Probates, &c. or Inventory as aforesaid in any Case where the whole Estate and Effects of the deceased exempted from Person dying after the passing of this Act (exclusive of what he shall have been possessed the of or entitled to as a Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially,) shall Effects do not be sworn not to exceed and shall not actually exceed in Value the Sum of One hundred exceed loot Pounds.

6. 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Duties now payable as Stamp Duties upon the Stamp Duties Licences herein-after mentioned should for the future be and become payable as Duties certain of Excise:* Be it enacted, That on and from and after the First Day of July One thou- f0lrCtheofutureC Sand eight hundred and sixty-four the Duties now payable by Law upon or in respect of Excise Duties, the Licences to be taken out in the United Kingdom by Persons carrying on the Trades and Businesses herein-after mentioned, as described and defined by the several Statutes relating to such Licences and Trades or Businesses respectively, (that is to say,)

Appraisers,

Pawnbrokers,

Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate,

Owners, Proprietors, Makers and Compounders of, and Persons uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any Medicine liable to Stamp Duty,

Hawkers and Pedlars,

House Agents,

Sellers of Playing Cards (being Makers thereof),

And Sellers of Playing Cards (not being Makers thereof),

Shall respectively be denominated and be deemed to be Duties of Excise, and the said Licences respectively shall be granted by such Officer or Officers of Excise and shall be in such Form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct in that Behalf; and all Powers and Directions'granted to or to be observed by any Officer of Stamps, and now in

force.

240

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 56.

force, contained in any Act relating to the said Duties or Licences, or to the said Trades and Businesses, or any of them, may be executed and enforced and shall be observed by any Officer of Excise; and all such Duties and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament upon any Person who shall carry on any of the said Trades or Businesses without being duly licensed, or who shall do or omit to do any Act or Thing in any Manner contrary to the Provisions of any Act of Parliament relating to the said Licences, or to the said Duties, or any of them, may be collected, sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, paid, and applied by the same Means and Methods, and in like Manner, and under the same general or special Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions as to Appeal, and in all other respects, as any other Duties of Excise, or any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, are directed to be collected, sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, paid, and applied under any Act relating to the Excise Revenue, as well as by the Means and Methods and in the Manner directed by the said Act or Acts relating to the said Duties or Licences, or to the said Trades or Businesses, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

A Licence may 7. Any Licence to a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman in Great Britain may be be granted to a granted by any authorized Officer of Excise upon the Person applying for it producing the Se^Certificam Certificate described in the Sixth Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-fourth and required by Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, or in any

Law, and may former Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to grant to any Person who shall Ae^oduction have ta^en out a Licence as a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman a renewed Licence of a previous upon the Production and Surrender of the Licence last previously issued to him os such Licence. Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman, and without the Production of any further or other Certificate, so long as he shall continue to renew his Licence immediately upon the Expiration thereof.

Brewers Li- 8. All Licences granted to Brewers of Beer for Sale after the Thirtieth Day of September' cences to expire ja ^he Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four shall continue and be in force from September in the Day of the Date of such Licences respectively until and upon the Thirtieth Day of each Year. September next after the granting thereof, on which Last-mentioned Day all such Licences

shall expire.

Sects. 54. to 65. 9. ' Whereas it is expedient that the Laws relating to Brewers of Beer for Sale should

cf52&and^ he ma^e un^orin throughout the United Kingdom:' Be it enacted, That Sections Fifty-much of Sect four to Sixty-five inclusive (relating to Brewers of Beer in Ireland) of the Act passed in

13. of 3 & 4- the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two,

wiatesto^iew anc* 80 muc^ °* Section Thirteen of the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the

ers^n^Ireland^' Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-eight, as prohibits any Brewer from repealed. receiving or holding a Licence to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirits by Retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Premises, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except as to anything done or omitted to be done, or as to any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall respectively have been incurred, before the passing of this Act.

Extension to 10. Sections Two and Three of the Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of ^R^visSns Kins George ^e Third, Chapter Fifty-eight, (as amended and altered by Section Twenty of Acts relat- of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter ing to Brewers Twenty-two,) and Sections One, Two, and Three of the Act passed in the First and Second m^GreatBri- Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-two, and also Sections Fifteen and Sixteen of the Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one, shall extend to and be in force in Ireland, and shall apply to Brewers of Beer in Ireland, and to all Acts, Matters, and Things done or to be done in Ireland, in like Manner as at the Time of the passing of this Act the said Sections of the several Acts aforesaid do apply to the like Acts, Matters, and Things done or to be done in Great Britain,

Couch Frames H. 'And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of after°Entaltered King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two, Couch Frames to be used by Maltsters in the unless upon (making of Malt are required to be made and constructed in the Manner and Form thereby

prescribed

5

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 56. 241

f prescribed, and it is fit and proper, in order to prevent Fraud or Error in the gauging of Notice to Su-c the Corn or Grain, that no Alteration should be made in such Couch Frames without perviflor-f previous Notice to the Officers of Excise Be it enacted, That if any Alteration shall be made in the Dimensions, Size, or Capacity of any Couch Frame in the Malthouse of any Maltster after Entry thereof made by him with the Officer of Excise without Four Days Notice in Writing having been previously given by such Maltster of the intended Alteration to the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Malthouse is situate, the Maltster shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Founds, together with all Corn or Grain found in the said Couch Frame.

12. And whereas Licences for the Sale of Beer, Spirits, and Wine in Inns and Public Tobacco Li- Houses licensed under the Authority of Justices of the Peace in Scotland expire on the token

Fifteenth Day of May in each Year, and it would be convenient to the Keepers of such inns i^Scot-

Inns and Public Houses if the Licences to deal in and Bell Tobacco and Snuff therein land to expire

expired on the said Day instead of on the Tenth Day of October in each Year as now ^ath^8^e c provided by Law:* Be it enacted, That all Licences to deal in or sell Tobacco or Snuff, cenceTtaken which shall be granted after the passing of this Act to the Keepers of such Inns or Public out by them for Houses as aforesaid, shall expire on the Fifteenth Day of May next after the granting of SmSs the same; and every such last-mentioned Licence as aforesaid which shall be in force at the Squors. Time of the passing of this Act, and which but for this Act would expire on the Tenth Day

of October next, shall continue in force until the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, provided the Holder of any such Licence shall on or before the Eleventh Day of October next pay to the proper Collector of Excise in respect of the Continuance of such Licence the Sum of Three Shillings, the Payment of which Sum shall be endorsed by such Collector on the said Licence; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the proportionate Amount of Duty to be paid in respect of any Licence to deal in or sell Tobacco or Snuff which shall be granted after the passing of this Act to any Person intending to keep such Inn or Public House as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled under the Laws of Excise to take out such Licence as a Beginner according to the Quarter of the Year in which such Licence shall be taken out, the Four Quarters of the Year shall be deemed to expire on the Days herein-after mentioned; that is to say, the First Quarter on the Fifteenth Day of August, the Second Quarter on the Fifteenth Day of November, the Third Quarter the Fifteenth Day of February, and the last Quarter on the Fifteenth Day of May.

13. And whereas by the Twenty-fifth Section of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth and Tobacco Li-

Twenty-seventh Years of Her Majesty's Rekjn, Chapter Thirty-three, it is enacted that ^reonirwho f Licences to be taken out for the Sale of Tobacco or Snuff by Innkeepers or Persons retail*!^ not° ' licensed to sell Beer to be consumed upon the Premises after the Fifth Day of July One to be consumed ' thousand eight hundred and sixty-three should expire on the Tenth Day of October next °n after the granting thereof, and it is expedient that such Licences when granted to Persons tetober^n licensed to sell Beer by Retail not to be consumed on the Premises, under an Act passed each Year.

in the First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, and other c Acts for the Amendment thereof, should also expire on the said last-mentioned Day Be it enacted, That all Licences for the Sale of Tobacco or Snuff, which after the passing of this Act shall be granted to Persons licensed to sell Beer as last aforesaid, shall expire on the Tenth Day of October next after the granting of the same.

14. And whereas by the Sixth Section of the Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her Auctioneers

Majesty's Reign, Chapter Fifteen, it is enacted that any Auctioneer, having in force a not to deal in

Licence on which the Duty under the Provisions of that Act has been paid, may sell by a£le

Auction any Property, Goods, or Commodities mentioned in the said Section without ties except upon

taking out any other Licence in such respect; And whereas Persons holding Licences as lic«nsed f Auctioneers do under Colour thereof carry on the Business of Dealers and Traders in nu8es *

Commodities for the dealing in and selling of which Excise Licences are by Law required to be taken out, and it is expedient to alter and amend the Law in this respect:' Be it enacted, That no Licence taken out by any Person to exercise or carry on the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer shall authorize such Person to deal in or sell, either on his own

27 & 28 Vict. I i Account

242

Postage Stamps maybe received in Payment of Taxes in Scotland and Ireland.

Persons admitted Barristers in England or in Ireland may be admitted in the other Part of the United Kingdom on Payment of the Stamp Duty of 10/. only.

Parts of certain Stamp Duties to be paid direct to the Treasurer of King's Inns, Ireland, instead of into the Exchequer as heretofore.

Provisions of former Acts to apply to this Act.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 56.

Account or for his own Benefit, or on Account of or for the Benefit of any other Person, any Commodities* for the dealing in or selling of which an Excise Licence is required, except upon Premises in respect of which the Owner of such Commodities shall have taken out and shall have in force at the Time of the Sale thereof the proper Excise Licence for the Sale of such Commodities; provided that any such licensed Auctioneer may sell by Auction, by Sample, in any Town or Place, any such Commodities as aforesaid, if the Owner thereof shall be duly licensed for the Sale of such Commodities in the same Town or Place; and provided also, that the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may in their Discretion authorize any licensed Auctioneer to sell any such Commodities by Auction where they shall be satisfied that the said Commodities are the Property of a private Person, and are not sold for Profit or by way of Trade; and if any Person shall sell by Auction any such Commodities contrary to or otherwise than as allowed by this Section, he shall incur the Penalties imposed upon Persons dealing in or selling such Commodities without the Excise Licences required by Law.

J.5, It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they shall see fit, and under such Regulations, Conditions, and Limitations as they shall think proper, to authorize and direct the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and their Officers to receive Postage Stamps as and for Payment of the respective Taxes of Land Tax and Assessed Taxes and Income Tax, or any of them, which may become due or payable in Scotland or Ireland; and, under such Regulations as aforesaid, such Postage Stamps shall be delivered over to the Postmaster General or his Officers, and the Amount or Value thereof be paid out of the Revenue of the Post Office to the Inland Revenue, and accounted for as Monies arising from the said Taxes.

16. Whereas the Stamp Duty chargeable on the Admission of any Person to the Degree c of Barrister-at-Law in either of the Inns of Court in England is Fifty Pounds, and the Stamp Duty chargeable on the Admission of any Person to the like Degree in the Inns ' of Court in Ireland is also Fifty Pounds, but of the latter Sum Ten Pounds is payable to 1 the Treasurer of the Society of King's Inns, to be applied as the Society may directIfe it enacted, That where any Person duly admitted to the said Degree in Ireland, and having paid the full Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, shall be admitted as aforesaid in England, his latter Admission shall be chargeable with the Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds only for the Use of Her Majesty's Revenue; and where any Person duly admitted to the said Degree in England, and having paid the full Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, shall be admitted as aforesaid in Ireland, his latter Admission shall be chargeable with the Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds only for the Use of the said Society of King's Inns, to be paid over to the Treasurer of the said Society, and applied as directed or authorized by the Statutes in that Behalf.

17. 'Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-two, and the several Acts continuing and confirming ' the Bame, the Receiver General of Stamp Duties is required to pay Parts of certain Stamp ' Duties in the said first-recited Act mentioned at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer ' in Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being are (directed to pay the same to the Treasurer of the Society of King's Inns Be it enacted, That the said Receiver General shall pay the same to the said Treasurer instead of to the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland as directed by the said Acts, to be applied as in the said Acts mentioned.

18. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Forfeitures, Funs, and Penalties contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties granted by this Act respectively, and in foree at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, shall respectively be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced, and put in execution for and# in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said last-mentioned Rates and Duties, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and

Purposes

243

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 56, 57.

Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively.

19. When any Person liable to the Payment of any of the Duties of Land Tax, Taxes in Scot-Assessed Taxes, or Income Tax in Scotland shall have received the accustomed Notice la°* thereof, it shall be lawful for him, within Twenty-one Days after receiving such Notice, to of Post Office* produce the same at any Money Order Office of the General Post Office in Scotland, and Orders, pay to the Postmaster there the Sum payable according to such Notice, and thereupon the said Postmaster shall deliver to him a Post Office Order payable at the General Post Office in London to the Receiver General of Inland Revenue for the said Sum, less the Commission for such Order, which Order such Person shall forthwith transmit to the Collector at the Office for Receipt in a Letter prepaid by being duly stamped with the proper Postage Stamp or Stamps, specifying the Particulars of the Payment in such Form as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for that Purpose, and delivered to the said Person along with the said Order; and upon the Receipt of the said Order and Letter, with the Particulars and in the Form aforesaid, the Collector shall credit the Person named in the said Letter with the Amount specified in the said Order, and with the said Commission, in like Manner as if the same had been paid to the Collector in Cash.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to make Provision respecting the Acquisition of Lands required by the Admiralty for the Public Service, and respecting the Use and Disposition thereof* and the Execution of Works thereon.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the Acquisition by the Admiralty, ' v by Agreement, of Lands required for the Public Service:

And whereas it is expedient to consolidate into One General Act sundry Provisions ' usually introduced into Special Acts from Time to Time empowering the Admiralty to purchase particular Lands for the Public Service by Agreement or compulsorily, and that

as well for the Purpose of avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in each of the several Special Acts as for insuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:

And whereas it is expedient to make Provision respecting the Use and Management of

Lands held by the Admiralty for the Public Service, and respecting the Disposition ' thereof when no longer required for the Public Service, and also respecting the Execution ' of Works by the Admiralty in certain Cases: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864. short Title.

2. fn this Act — Interpretation The Term "the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or of Terms-

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " the Lands Clauses Acts" means with respect to Lands in England The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and with respect to Lands in Scotland The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, together with in each Case The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, and with respect to Lands in Ireland The Railways Act [Ireland), 1851, including Acts incorporated in or amending the same i

The Term " Lands " includes any Estate, Term, Easement, Right, or Interest in, to, over, or affecting Lands.

I i 2 In

244 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 57.

In the Construction of the Lands Clauses Acts in connexion with this Act the Term " the Promoters of the Undertaking " therein used shall mean the Admiralty, and the Term " Lands " therein used shall have the Meaning herein-before assigned to it.

Power to Admiralty to take Lands by Agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts, except Provisions giving compulsory Powers, &c.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts with Special Acts.

Power to Admiralty to withdraw Notice for Purchase within limited Time *

Incorporation of Railways Clauses Acts as to Correction of Errors, &c. in Books of Refer-enoe, j&c.

Limit of Time for compulsory Purchases.

I. — Acquisition of Lands by Agreement *

3* Subject and according to the Provisions of this Act, the Admiralty may from Time to Time by Agreement purchase or take Lands requisite for Her Majesty's Naval Service, or for the Use or Requirements of any Force or Department in the Employment or under the Direction or Control of the Admiralty, and for that Purpose may enter into, execute, and do all necessary and proper Contracts, Assurances, and Things.

4. For the Purposes of any such Purchase or taking, the Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with this Act (for which Purpose this Act shall be deemed the Special Act), except as to so much of the Lands Clauses Acts as relates to the Purchase or taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, and to Access to the Special Act.

II. — Acquisition of Lands under Special Acts.

5. Where by any Special Act of the present or any future Session compulsory Powers of purchasing or taking particular Lands are given to the Admiralty, the Lands Clauses Acts shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, be incorporated with the Act giving those Powers (which shall for this Purpose be deemed the Special Act), except as to so much of the Lands Clauses Acts as relates to Access to the Special Act.

6. If in any Case, after Notice has been given by the Admiralty for the compulsory Purchase

or taking of any Lands under any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, it appears to the Admiralty, from a Change of Circumstances, or other Reasons, unnecessary or inexpedient to complete the Purchase or taking of such Laud^pr any Part thereof, the Admiralty may within Two Months after giving the Notice give to the Parties entitled to receive the First Notice a further Notice to the Effect that they thereby withdraw the First Notice wholly or in part, and thereupon the Lands comprised' in the Notice of Withdrawal shall be discharged from the Effect of the First Notice wholly or to the Extent of the Notice of Withdrawal (as the Case may be); provided that nothing herein shall — >

(1.) prejudice any Claim of any Owner of or Person interested in such Lands for Compensation for such Damage (if any) as he may have sustained in consequence of the giving of the First Notice; or

(2.) give to any Person receiving Notice for the Purchase or taking of Lands any further or other Right as against the Admiralty than he would have had if this Enactment had not been made.

7. In every such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session there shall also be incorporated, where the Lands authorized to be purchased or taken compulsorily are situate in England or Ireland, Sections Seven and Ten of The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and where the Lands are situate in Scotland, Sections Seven and Ten of The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, for which Purpose such Act of the present or any future Session shall be deemed the Special Act, and the Admiralty shall be deemed the Company.

8. The Powers of the Admiralty for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of anj such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of that Act.

Ill — Vesting, Management, &c. of Lands.

Vf6t Lmkls purchased or taken by the Admiralty as aforesaid, by Agreement or &>m-

Admiralty, &c. P^Uorily, shall, according to the Nature and Quality of such Lands, and the Estate, Term,

or

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 57.

or Interest acquired by the Admiralty therein, vest in the Admiralty for the Time being, and go to and be held by the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in succession, in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Public Service.

10. Subject to the Provisions bf this Act and of any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, the Admiralty may use Lands purchased or taken by them under this Act or under any such Act in such Manner as may seem most beneficial for the Public Service, [and shall have in relation thereto all such Powers of Management and Leasing, and all such other Powers, and all such Rights, as would be had in relation thereto by any Individual bolding the same for such Estate, Term, or Interest as the Admiralty have therein.

11. The Admiralty may bring or defend any Action or Suit relative to any Lands contracted to be purchased or taken by them under this Act, or under any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session; and may bring any Action of Ejectment or other Action or Suit for recovering Possession of any Lands purchased or taken by them under this Act, or under any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, apd may distrain or sue for any Arrears of Rent due to them in respect thereof; and may bring any Action or Suit in respect of any Trespass or Encroachment committed therepn or Damage done thereto, or any other Action or Suit in respect thereof, and may defend any Action or Suit in respect thereof; and in every such Action or Suit the Admiralty may be styled " The Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom " or " The Cppunissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom" (as the Case may require), without more; and any such Action or Suit shall not be affected by any Change in the Admiralty; and in any such Action or Suit the Admiralty shall be liable and entitled to pay or receive Costs according to the ordinary Rules observed in Actions between Subject and Subject.

Recovery of Possession.

12. Where any Lease or Agreement of or concerning Lands in England purchased or taken by the Admiralty under this Act or under any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, is determined by Expiration, Notice, or Forfeiture (except for Nonpayment of Rent), the following Provisions shall take effect:

/ (1.) Possession of such Lands may be recovered by the Admiralty under the Act of the - Session of the First and Second Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Seventy-four) " to

" facilitate the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after due Determination of the Tenancy," as in Cases therein provided for, although the Term or Interest of the Tenant may have exceeded Seven Years, and the Rent may have exceeded the Rate of Twenty Pounds a Year, and a Fine may have been reserved or made, payable:

(2.) The Notice of Intention to apply to Justices to recover Possession under that Act may require Possession to be given up on or before the Expiration of Seven clear Days from the Service of the Notice, and the Form of Notice maybe varied accordingly:

(3.) The Justices by that Act authorized to issue a Warrant for giving Possession may by such Warrant authorize Entry and Delivery of Possession either forthwith or on or before such Day as the Justices think fit:

(4.) Such Possession as aforesaid may (at the Option of the Admiralty) be recovered with Rent or Mesne Profits, or both, under the Act of the Session of the Nineteenth and .Twentieth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter One hundred and eight) a to " amend the Acts relating to the County Courts," as in Cases provided for in Section Fifty of that Act, and the Provisions auxiliary thereto, although the Value of the Premises and the Rent payable in respect thereof may have exceeded Fifty Pounds by the Year; and it shall not he necessary to prove the yearly Value and Rent as thereby required.

fj18. 'Where any Lease. or Agreement of or concerning Lands in Ireland purchased or .taken by the Admiralty under this Act or under any Such Special Act as aforesaid of the <o present

245

for the Time being.

Powers of Management, &c. of Lands.

Actions and Suits by and against Admiralty as to Lands.

As to Recovery of Possession of Land in England from Tenants.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 74.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 108.

As to Recovery of Possession of Land in Ireland from Tenants.

246 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 57.

i present or Any future Session, is determined by Expiration, Notice, or Forfeiture (except

for Nonpayment of Rent), the following Provisions shall take effect:

(L) Possession of such Lands may be recovered by the Admiralty, as provided by Section Seventy-two of the Act of the Session of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth u & 15 Vict. Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Fifty-seven), li to consolidate and amend the

c. 57' " Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and

" to transfer to Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors*" in the Case of Lands holden by a Tenant at a Rent not exceeding Fifty Pounds pet Annum, and the Tenant's Interest wherein is determined, notwithstanding the Rent payable under such Lease or Agreement may exceed that Amount:

(2.) Such Possession as aforesaid may (at the Option of the Admiralty) be recovered, as 14 & is Vict. provided by Section Fifteen of The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1851,

c. 92, for the Recovery of Possession of Houses in certain Towns and Villages:

(3.) The last-mentioned Mode of Recovery shall apply wherever the Lands may be situate, and at and for whatever Rent and Term the same may have been holden; and notwithstanding anything in the last-mentioned Provision, the Justices authorized to issue a Warrant for giving Possession may by such Warrant authorize Possession to be given forthwith, or on or before such Day as the Justices think fit; and the Justices may, if they think fit, issue such Warrant notwithstanding the Tenant may be willing to give such Undertaking as in that Provision mentioned.

Sale *

Exception from 14* Notwithstanding anything in this Act, such Provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts as ^Prov*"*mwas re^a^ to Disposal of superfluous Lands, and to the Effect of the Words " grant and to S^Vofsoper^ " dispone " respectively in any Conveyance, shall not apply to Lands purchased or taken fluous Lands, by the Admiralty under this Act or under any Such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session.

Power to Admi- 15. Where any Lands purchased or taken by the Admiralty under this Act or under any

ralty to sell BUCh Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session appear to the Admiralty qdred for Pub- 110 l°nger required to be held by them for the Public Service, the Admiralty may, with lie Service. the previous Consent of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, sell the same, and may for that Purpose enter into, execute, and do all necessary or proper Contracts, Assurances, and Things.

Rights of Pre- 16. Nothing in this Act shall take away any Right of Pre-emption to which any Person emption pre- ia for the Time being entitled under the Lands Clauses Acts in respect of any Lands

served. purchased or taken by the Admiralty under this Act, or under any such Special Act as

aforesaid of the present or any future Session.

Payment of

Purchase

Money.

Lands vested indefeasibly in Purchaser.

Compensation by Admiralty for prior Interests (if any) afterwards established.

17. The Purchase Money payable on any Sale under this Act shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General, whose Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the same.

18. On the Payment of such Purchase Money and the Execution and Delivery to the Purchaser by the Admiralty of the necessary or proper Assurance of the Lands sold, the Purchaser shall, notwithstanding any Defect in the Title of the Admiralty thereto, stand seised or possessed thereof for such Estate or Interest as may be expressed or intended to be assured to him, freed and absolutely discharged (save as in the Assurance may be expressed) from all prior Estates, Interests, Rights, and Claims therein or thereto.

19. If, nevertheless, at any Time after any such Sale, any such prior Estate, Interest, Right, or Claim as aforesaid Is made out to the Satisfaction Of the Admiralty to be capable of oeing established at Law or in Equity, or is so established, the Admiralty shall make Compensation for the same.

For the Purposes of the present Section the Provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to Interests in Lands which have by Mistake been omitted to be purchased shall apply and take effect as if the Lands had not been sold by the Admiralty, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit, with this Addition, namely, — that such Compensation shall not in any Case exceed the Amount of the Purchase Money received by the Admiralty on the

Sale

247

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 57.

Sale of the Lands in respect whereof eueh Estate, Interest, Bight, or Claim is made out or established, exclusive of the Value of any Buildings or Improvements erected or made thereon by the Admiralty for the Public Service.

IV. — Works.

20. Where, by any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, Incorporation Powers for the Execution of particular Works are given to the Admiralty, there shall be ^Acts as incorporated with the Act giving those Powers (which shall for this Purpose be deemed the toceruiin0 " Special Act) the following Provisions, namely: Works, Road#,

Where the Lands on which the Works are authorized to be executed are situate in &c<

England or Ireland, Sections Eighteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-one, Twenty-two, and Twenty-four of The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Provisions of the same Act with respect to the temporary Occupation of Lands near the Railway during the Construction thereof:

Where the Lands on which the Works are authorized to be executed are situate in Scotland, Sections Eighteen, Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-one, Twenty-two, and Twenty-four of The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Provisions of the same Act with respect to the temporary Occupation of Lands near the Railway during the Construction thereof:

And for the Purposes of the present Section the Works authorized to be executed shall be deemed the Railway, and the Admiralty shall be deemed the Company, within the Meaning of the incorporated Provisions.

V. — Miscellaneous.

21. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, so much of any Provision by this Act Exception from incorporated with any such Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session as

requires a Bond to be given in relation to any Lands or Works shall not be incorporated ^toBcm^nta with such Act, but in any such Case, in lieu of such Bond, and with the same Effect as if such Bond were given, the Admiralty shall give an Undertaking in Writing to the like Purport (as nearly as Circumstances admit) as the Condition of such Bond.

22. All Purchase, Compensation, or other Money under this Act, or under any such Provision for Special Act as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, agreed to be paid by or recovered against the Admiralty, shall be paid by them out of Money to be provided and °ney' c* appropriated for that Purpose by Parliament.

28. Any Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be served on the Service of Admiralty for the Purposes of this Act, or of any such Special Act as aforesaid of the Notice8» &c present or any future Session, may be served by being delivered to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by being sent to him by Post in a Registered Letter, addressed to him at the Admiralty Office, Whitehall, London, or by being left for him there; and any Document so sent by Post shall be considered as served on the Day on which such Letter would be delivered in the ordinary Course of Post.

Any Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be served on behalf of the Admiralty for the Purposes aforesaid may be given under the Hand of such Officer or Person as the Admiralty from Time to Time direet.

24. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, or in any Act relating tp Municipal Cor*^ Application of porations or to the Metropolitan Police, or in any other Act, any pecuniary Penalty or pecuniary other Money recovered under this Act, or under any such Special Act as aforesaid of the len c' present or any future Session, or in relation to Lands purchased or taken by the Admiralty

under this Act or under any such Act, shall be paid and applied as the Admiralty direct.

25. The Admiralty shall not, by reason of anything done or omitted to be done in the Protection to Execution or intended Execution or in pursuance of this Act or of any such Special Act AdmiraUy

as aforesaid of the present or any future Session, or in relation to any Lands purchased ena '

or taken by them under this Act or under any such Act, be liable collectively or

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 57, 58.

individually to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or to Execution of any Process against the Person or Property, anything in any Act incorporated with this Act or with any such Act notwithstanding.

Extension of 26. The Provisions of this Act respecting Actions and Suits by and against the Provisions as Admiralty relative to Lands shall apply in relation to all Lands for the Time being Suits?*1008 ADd purchased or taken or contracted to be purchased or taken by the Admiralty under any General or Special Act in force at the passing of this Act.

Nothing to 27. Nothing in this Act shall take away or prejudicially affect any Power, Ri^ht, or affect Rights of Authority that would or might have been vested in or exercised by the Admiralty if this Admiralty. had not beeli passed.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 63.

Order set forth in Schedule confirmed.

Amendment of Order.

Compensation Money payable by Treasury in respect of differential Dues for the District to be paid to the Commissioners.

Construction of Order.

[Short Title.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for confirming a Provisional Order concerning Pilotage made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to Hartlepool.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, does not take effect unless and until it is

confirmed by Act of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the said Act, and set out in the Schedule hereto, with the Amendment herein-after ' mentioned, should be confirmed by Act of Parliament: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Order set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and is hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof in manner and form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, from and after the passing of this Act, take effect and have full Validity and Force, except as herein-after mentioned.

2. Clause Eighteen of the said Order shall be deemed to be and is by this Act expunged therefrom, and in lieu of that Clause the following Clause shall be deemed to be inserted therein; videlicet: A Proportion of the Compensation Money payable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, (under the Provisions of Section Twelve of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven,) to the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for differential Dues (that is to say), the annual Sum of One thousand two hundred and eighty-five Pounds Two Shillings, shall, after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, be paid to and received by the Commissioners, and shall be applied by the Commissioners for the Use and Benefit of the Pilots of the Hartlepool Pilotage District, in like Manner as the whole of the said Compensation Money is now by Law applicable for the Use and Benefit of the Pilots of the whole District which is now within the Jurisdiction of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

3. The said Order, with the Omission and Addition aforesaid, shall be read and construed as if such Omission and Addition had been made therein by the Board of Trade.

4. This Act may be cited as The Hartlepool Pilotage Order Confirmation Act, 1864.

249

27° 28° VICTORIA, c. 58.

SCHEDULE.

HARTLEPOOL.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for constituting Pilotage Commissioners for Hartlepool in the County of Durham, and for regulating their Jurisdiction.

Whereas, under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, the shipowners Preamble, and merchants resident and carrying on business within the port of Hartlepool made Application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board of Trade to make a Provisional Order under the said Act to transfer that portion of the jurisdiction in pilotage matters within the port of Hartlepool then and now exercised by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the Monies belonging thereto, to a local pilotage authority to be constituted by such Order:

And whereas notice of the application aforesaid was published according to the requirements of the said Act:

And whereas the Board of Trade at the time in the said Act appointed in this behalf referred the said application to the pilotage authority of the district, namely, the Trinity .Hous$ of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and more than six weeks have elapsed since such reference before the making of the present Provisional Order:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they thought expedient, and after considering all objections, determined to proceed with the proposed Provisional Otfder, and accordingly have settled this present Provisional Order, and intendto oause a .Bill to be*introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will: not have any effect):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, and by virtue and in exercise of ihei powers thereby in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Preliminary

1. In this Order — Interpretation.

The term "the Act of 1855" means the Hartlepool Port and Harbour Act,

1855:

The term "the East Dock Company" means the Company for the time being in actual possession of the works and property at Hartlepool which were at the time of the passing of the Act of 1855 vested in, belonging to, or in the possession of the North-eastern Railway Company, or their Lessees:

The term "the West Dock Company" means the Company for the time being in actual possession of the works and property at West Hartlepool which were at the time of the passing of the Act of 1855 vested in, belonging to, or in the possession of the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company:

The term "the Hartlepool Pilots" means the persons for the time being licensed as Pilots for Hartlepool:

The term "the West Hartlepool Pilots" means the persons for the time being licensed as Pilots for West Hartlepool:

The term "the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool" means the Shipowners registered in the Custom House Books at Hartlepool:

The term "the registered Shipowners of West Hartlepool" means the Shipowners registered in the Custom House Books at West Hartlepool.

Hartlepool Pilotage Commissioners.

2. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, the incorporation full number of whom shall be fourteen, which Commissioners and their successors shall be of Commit

27 & 28 Vict. K k and Bioner8 '

Appointment and election of Commissioners.

Tenure of office of appointed Commissioners.

Election of Commissioners by Hartlepool Pilots.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Hartlepool Pilotage Commissioners, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of land and other property for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Orden The term "the Commissioners" herein-after used means the Hartlepool Pilotage Commissioners.

3. The appointment and election of the several Commissioners shall be regulated as follows:

(1.) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint three persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any one of those three Commissioners shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(2.) The Hartlepool Port and Harbour Commissioners incorporated by the Act of 1855 shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint one person to be a Commissioner, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of that Commissioner shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3.) The East Dock Company, acting by the Directors of the Company, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint one person to be a Commissioner, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of that Commissioner shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(4.) The West Dock Company, acting by the Directors of the Company, shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint one person to be a Commissioner, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of that Commissioner shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(5.) The Hartlepool Pilots shall from time to time elect one person to be a Commissioner:

(6.) The West Hartlepool Pilots shall from time to time elect one person to be a Commissioner:

(7.) The registered Shipowners of Hartlepool shall from time to time elect three persons to be Commissioners:

(8.) The registered Shipowners of West Hartlepool shall from time to time elect three persons to be Commissioners.

4. Each appointment of a Commissioner (other than Commissioners elected by Pilots and by Shipowners) shall be determinable at any time by the authority which appointed that Commissioner, and (subject thereto and to the other provisions of this Order, and of any Act incorporated herewith) each such appointment shall be operative for five years and no longer, but at the end of the term of five years an outgoing Commissioner shall be capable of re-appointment.

5. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the Hartlepool Pilots the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) The first meeting of Hartlepool Pilots for the election of a Commissioner shall be held at the Town Hall of the borough of Hartlepool within one calendar month after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, at a time to be advertised by Messrs. Turnbull and Bell of West Hartlepool, solicitors, or in their default by the Board of Trade, five days at least before the day of meeting, by hand bills posted in the borough of Hartlepool and town of West Hartlepool:

(2.) Annual meetings of Hartlepool Pilots for the election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall aforesaid, or at such other place within the borough of Hartlepool as the Commissioners from time to time appoint, on such day within ten days next before the 23d day of August in each year as the Commissioners annually appoint, the place and time of meeting being advertised by the Clerk of the Commissioners five days

at

251

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

at least before the day of meeting by hand bills posted in the borough of Hartlepool and town of West Hartlepool:

(3.) Such only of the Hartlepool Pilots as are licensed at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order shall be entitled to attend the said first meeting, and to take part and vote in the election of a Commissioner thereat:

(4-) Such only of the Hartlepool Pilots as are licensed on or before the 31st day of December next preceding each annual meeting shall be entitled to attend the said annual meetings, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat respectively:

(5.) At each annual meeting the Chairman of the Commissioners, or in his unavoidable absence one of the Commissioners appointed by the Board of Trade, shall attend and act as Chairman of the meeting:

(6.) The election of Commissioners at the first and each annual meeting shall be made by the majority of licensed pilots present at the meeting:

(7.) Each Commissioner elected at the first or at any annual meeting shall go out of office at the next annual meeting, but shall be re-eligible:

(8.) Section nineteen of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

6. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the West Hartlepool Pilots, the provisions of the last foregoing section shall apply in that case as if they were here repeated, with the substitution only of the West Hartlepool Pilots for the Hartlepool Pilots, and of the Athenaeum of West Hartlepool for the Town Hall of the borough of Hartlepool.

7. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool, the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) The first meeting of the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool for the election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall of the borough of Hartlepool within one calendar month after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, at a time to be advertised by Messrs. Turnbull and Bell of West Hartlepool, solicitors, or in their default by the Board of Trade, five days at least before the day of meeting, by hand bills posted in the borough of Hartlepool and town of West Hartlepool:

(2.) Annual meetings of the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool for the election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall aforesaid, or at such other place within the borough of Hartlepool as the Commissioners from time to time appoint, on such day within ten days next before the 23d day of August in each year as the Commissioners annually appoint, the place and time of meeting being advertised by the Clerk of the Commissioners five days at least before the day of meeting by hand bills posted in the borough of Hartlepool and town of West Hartlepool;

(3.) Such only of the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool as are registered at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order shall be entitled to attend the said first meeting, and to take part and vote in the election of a Commissioner thereat:

(4.) Such only of the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool as are registered on or before the 31st day of December next preceding each annual meeting shall be entitled to attend the said annual meetings, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat respectively:

(5.) At the first and every such annual meeting a list of the names of the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool, up to and inclusive of the then last 31st day of December, certified under the Hand of the Collector of Customs of the port, shall be sufficient evidence of the persons therein being registered Shipowners of Hartlepool, and as such entitled to attend the meeting and take part and vote in the election thereat. The scud Collector shall supply a copy of such list to every person requiring the same on payment of the sum of 6cf. for every 100 words of such copy, and copies of such list shall be fixed by the Clerk of the Commissioners on the outer doors of the Town Hall of the borough of Hartlepool and of the Athenaeum of West Hartlepool two days at least before the day appointed for the first and each such annual meeting:

K k 2 (6.) At

Election of Commissioners by West Hartlepool Pilots.

Election of Commissioners by Hartlepool Shipowners.

Election of Commissioners by West Hartlepool Shipowners.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

(6,) At the first and each such annual election each registered Shipowner of Hartlepool shall be entitled to one vote and no more for each of the persons then proposed to be elected as Commissioners:

(7.) The election of Commissioners at the first and each such annual meeting shall be made by the majority of registered Shipowners of Hartlepool present at the meeting:

(8.) Every person elected as a Commissioner by the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool shall be required to have the following qualification; namely, to possess, in his own right, shipping registered in his own name at the Custom House of the port of Hartlepool on the 31st day of December next before the day of election, such shipping being of the then market value, above all encumbrances thereon, of not less than 150 tonaof shipping at the port of Hartlepool:

(9.) Such one of the Commissioners elected by the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool at the first meeting as is named last on the list of persons elected shall go out of office at the second meeting, but shall be re-eligible; such one of them as is named second on the list shall go out of office at the third meeting, but shall be re-eligible; the remaining one shall go out of office at the fourth meeting, but shall be re-eligible:

(10.) Each Commissioner elected by the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool at the second meeting, and at subsequent annual meetings, shall go out of office at the third meeting after his election, but shall be re-eligible:

(11/) Section nineteen of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

8. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners of West Hartlepool, the provisions of the last foregoing clause shall apply in that case as if those provisions were here repeated, with the substitution only of the registered Shipowners of West Hartlepool for the registered Shipowners of Hartlepool.

9. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, as far as the same is not inconsistent with the provisions of this Order, shall be incorporated with this Order (this Order being deemed " the Special Act," and the execution of the Powers of this Order being deemed " the undertaking and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions: (1.) No person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner (other than a person appointed to be a Commissioner by the Board of Trade or elected by Pilots or by Shipowners) unless he is seised or possessed of property to the value or amount of 500/ .: (2.) Sections twenty-three to thirty-five, both inclusive, of the last-mentioned Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(3.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the same Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be five:

(4.) With reference to section forty of the same Act, the annual meeting of the Commissioners shall be held on or within one week after the 23d day of August in each year:

(5.) Section fifty-four of the same Act shall not be incorporated with this Order: (6.) With reference to section ninety of the same Act, it shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to cause such statement and account as therein mentioned to be printed:

(7.) With reference to section ninety-two of the same Act, the Commissioners shall from time to time appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners: (8.) With reference to the provisions of the same Act with respect to the making of byelaws, licensed pilots under this Order shall be deemed officers of the Commissioners; all byelaws shall be printed, and copies shall be always obtainable by purchase; any byelaws shall not have effect unless and until they are approved by the Board of Trade.

Limits

253

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Limits of District

10. The Hartlepool Pilotage District shall, for the purposes of this Order, be deemed to Definition of extend from a point called Black Halls on the north side of the borough of Hartlepool to the southernmost end of the village of Seaton Carew on the south side of that borough. otage 1 10

Pilotaye.

11. The jurisdiction in pilotage matters within the Hartlepool Pilotage District now Transfer of

vested in the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall be and is hereby transferred to jurisdiction to and vested in the Commissioners incorporated by this Order. ommissioners.

12. All Pilots licensed for the Hartlepool Pilotage District by the Trinity House of Continuance of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order shall be existing li-entitled to continue to act as such Pilots under the Commissioners incorporated by this Order cences *

for one year after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, without further licence or payment in respect of that year, but in all other respects shall become and be subject to the authority of the Commissioners and the provisions of this Order, as if they had been severally licensed originally under this Order.

13. The Commissioners shall examine every person who applies to them for a Pilot Examination licence, for the purpose of ascertaining his skill, knowledge, and experience in relation to licensing of the navigating, piloting, and conducting of vessels within the Hartlepool Pilotage District,

and may, if they think fit, license and authorize by writing any person so examined and found qualified to act in the capacity of Pilot for navigating, piloting, and conducting vessels as aforesaid.

14. Every Pilot to be licensed under this Order shall, on receiving his licence from the Licence and Commissioners, pay to them, or to their Clerk for the time being for their use, the Bum of reD*wal fees-forty shillings for such his licence; and every Pilot licensed for the Hartlepool Pilotage District by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order, or to be licensed under this Order, shall annually pay to the Commissioners, or to their Clerk for the time being for their use, the sum of ten shillings for the renewal of his licence; provided, that the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said licence and renewal fees, or either of them, subject to the approval of the

Board of Trade.

15. The following Pilotage dues shall be paid, namely, Pilotage does.

For every British ship or other vessel piloted and conducted within the Hartlepool

Pilotage District, from and including the 1st day of April to the 1st day of October in any year, at the rate of one shilling and threepence for every foot of water which such ship or vessel draws:

For every such ship or vessel so piloted and conducted, from and including the 1st day of October in any year to the 1st day of April in the following year, at the rate of one shilling and sixpence for each such foot: which Pilotage dues shall be paid to the Commissioners or to the Pilot performing such Pilotage duty within five days after the performance thereof; provided, that the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said Pilotage dues, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade.

16. Nothing in this Order shall extend to oblige the Owner or Master of any ship or Pilotage not vessel to employ or make use of any Pilot in piloting or conducting such ship or vessel compulsory, within the Hartlepool Pilotage District if he is not desirous so to do, or to pay any Pilotage

dues when not employing or making use of a Pilot.

Miscellaneous.

17. All money standing in the books of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne Transfer of to the credit of the Hartlepool Pilotage District, or properly applicable thereto, at the

time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order, shall be paid to the Commissioners Sonera*1118* incorporated by this Order.

18. All compensation money payable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury Compensation under the provisions of Section 12. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to the Trinity House of New-

J differential dues

castle-

254 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 58, 59.

for the district castle-upon-Tyne for differential dues payable in respect of the said district shall, after the of an Act confirming this Order, be paid to and received by the Commissioners.

Compensation 19. If the services of any persons at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this to Officers no Order permanently employed by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne on duties ployed by Com- connected with the pilotage within the Hartlepool district are not continued by the Commissioners. missioners, the Commissioners shall grant compensation to such persons out of the Monies

to come into their hands by virtue of this Order, such compensation not to be granted except under such circumstances and to such an amount as might be granted under the Act or Acts for the time being in force with respect to compensation for abolition of office in the public Civil Service.

Saving for 20. Nothing in this Order shall exempt the Commissioners or the port of Hartlepool from

effect of general the provi8ions of any general Act of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be passed, relating to Pilotage or Pilotage dues, or to merchant shipping, or to ports, harbours, or docks, or to dues on shipping, or on goods carried therein, or from any future revision and alteration, under the authority of Parliament, of the Pilotage dues authorized by this Order, or of the limits of the Hartlepool Pilotage District defined by this Order.

[Short title.]

21, This Order may be cited as The Hartlepool Pilotage Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 27th day of May 1864. (Signed) James Booth,

Secretary.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to continue the Deputy Commissioners in Lunacy in Scotland, and to make further Provision for the Salaries of the Deputy Commissioners, Secretary, and Clerk of the General Board of Lunacy in Scotland.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-one, c* 71* t Provision was made for the Appointment of Deputy Commissioners under the said

25 & 26 Vict. Act for Five Years after the passing thereof, and by the Act Twenty-fifth and Twenty-c' 54' (sixth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four, the Provisions of the first-recited Act were continued

until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions should be further continued, and that the said Acts should be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Continuance of 1. The Provisions of the first-recited Act in regard to the Appointment of Deputy Deputy Com- Commissioners shall be and are hereby continued until the First Day of August One missioners. thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

Treasury to 2. The Provisions of Sections Thirteen, Sixteen, and Twenty-one of the first-recited Sala- Act with respect to the Amount of Salary payable to the Secretary, Clerk, and Deputy t^? Clerk*" Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the same are hereby repealed, and the and Deputy said Secretary, Clerk, and Deputy Commissioners shall receive Salaries of such Amount Commissioners, ag shall from Time to Time be regulated and apprdved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; but such Salaries shall not exceed the Sums herein-after specified, that is to say. Six hundred Pounds per Annum for the said Secretary, Three hundred Pounds per Annum for the said Clerk, and Six hundred Pounds per Annum for each of the said Deputy Commissioners.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 60, 61. 258

CAP. LX.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant a Lease for Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years of the Building known as the College of Physicians in Pall Mall East.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS the Site of the Building known as the College of Physicians in Pall Mall c - East in the County of Middlesex was formerly Part of the Royal Mews, and was

appropriated under the Powers of the Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the

Third, Chapter One hundred and twenty-one, for the Purposes of the new Streets and other Improvements authorized by the same Act: And whereas the said Building was erected in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three by and at

the sole Costs of the Corporation of the President and Fellows of the Royal College of

Physicians, on the Understanding that a Grant or Demise thereof for a nominal Consideration or Rent would be made to them under the Provisions of the Eighty-third Section

of the Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and e twenty-eight, but no such Grant or Demise has hitherto been made: And whereas it ' is just and expedient that Her Majesty should be enabled to grant to the said Corporation such a Lease of the said Building and the Site thereof as is herein-after mentioned;

but inasmuch as the said Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter

One hundred and twenty-eight, has been repealed by the Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred, such Lease cannot be granted without the Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues having Charge of the Crown Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, for and on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, to grant and demise unto the Corporation of the President and Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians the said Building known as the College of* Physicians and the Site thereof, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, for any Term not exceeding Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, at a Peppercorn Rent, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, Provisions, and Agreements as such Commissioner shall deem fit:

Provided always, that in any such Demise shall be contained a Provision enabling Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or the Officer for the Time being having the Charge of the Lands comprised in such Demise, absolutely to determine and make void the same in the event of the said Building or the Site thereof, or any Part thereof, being used for or applied to any Purpose whatsoever except the Purposes for and to which the same is now used or applied.

2. Saving always to all Persons and Bodies Corporate soever, other than the Queen's Saving of most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and the said Corporation of the Ri8hls President and Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians, their Successors and Assigns, all Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, both at Law and in Equity, which they now have or would have had if this Act had not been passed.

Power to Commissioner of Woods to grant, on behalf of Her Modesty, a lease for 999 Years of Bonding known as the College of Physicians.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to guarantee, and the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to advance, the Sums authorized to be borrowed for the Embankment of the Thames and Improvement of the Metropolis; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS under the Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Embankment and Improvement Acts') the Metropolitan Board

of Works are authorized to raise the Amounts in the same Schedule mentioned on the

Securities therein mentioned:

And

Power to Treasury to guarantee Money borrowed under Acts in Schedule.

Mode in which Guarantee to be given.

Power to Treasury to make Issues out of Consolidated F«nd, if necessary.

As to Repayments to Consolidated Fund.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 42.

Deficiency to be repaid out of general Rates of Metropolis.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 120.

Provision as to Appropriation of Improvement Fund during the Guarantee.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

(And whereas, in order to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to obtain Advances ' of Money under the said Acts more readily and at a lower Rate of Interest, it is expedient ' to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to guarantee the Repayment with Interest of Money raised under those Acts, with a Charge on the Rates of the Metropolis in case of any Payment being made in pursuance of such Guarantee:

And whereas it is also expedient to vary certain of the Provisions of the said Acts ' connected with the Borrowing Powers of the Metropolitan Board of Works:

And whereas it is also expedient to empower the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt, out of the Funds under their Control by virtue of the Acts relating to

Savings Banks and to Post Office Savings Banks, to advance to the Metropolitan Board of Works Money authorized to be borrowed by them under the Embankment and

Improvement Acts

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they think fit, from Time to Time to guarantee the Payment of the Principal and Interest of all or any Part of any Money for the Time being borrowed under the Embankment and Improvement Acts, or any of them.

2. All Bonds and Securities issued under the Authority of the Embankment and Improvement Acts, or any of them, the Payment of the Principal and Interest secured whereby is intended to be so guaranteed, shall be signed by such Officer as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose.

3. For the Purpose of giving effect to the Guarantee aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, in aid of any Money applicable under the Embankment and Improvement Acts, or any of them, for Payment of Principal and Interest for the Time being accrued due thereunder, to cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing Produce thereof, such Sums as may be necessary for Payment of the same Principal and Interest, or of any Part thereof respectively.

4. In case any Money is at any Time issued out of the said Consolidated Fund in pursuance of the Guarantee aforesaid, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause the same to be repaid to the said Consolidated Fund out of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund (constituted by The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861), as far as the same will extend.

5. In case the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund is at any Time insufficient to repay any Money that has theretofore been issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the Guarantee aforesaid, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall require the Metropolitan Board of Works to repay the Amount of the Deficiency out of Money raised or to be raised by Rates, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time think fit; and any Money so required to be repaid shall be deemed Part of the Expenses of the Metropolitan Board of Works, to be defrayed, assessed, and raised by them as in The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same, provided, and shall be raised by the Metropolitan Board of Works accordingly; and for that Purpose the Metropolitan Board of Works shall have and may exercise all such Powers and Authorities as are vested in them under the last-mentioned Acts or any of them, with reference to the borrowing of Money on the Security of Rates, or to any Matter connected therewith.

6. Notwithstanding anything in the Embankment and Improvement Acts, as soon as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have guaranteed the Payment of any Money under this Act, thenceforth during the Continuance of any such Guarantee, it shall not be incumbent on the said Commissioners to pay to the Metropolitan Board of Works any Portion of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund, and during the Continuance of such Guarantee it shall be the Duty of the said Commissioners to appropriate

257

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

priate and apply all Money becoming Part of the said Fund for the Purposes of this Act; but nothing in this Act shall interfere with any Provision of the Embankment and Improvement Acts relative to the Payment of any Part of the Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund to the Metropolitan Board of Works when and as soon as such Guarantee has ceased to operate.

7. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, if Power to Com-they think fit, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from "^on.er8 for Time to Time, out of any Money in or coming to their Hands under the Act of the last National Debt, Session of Parliament (Chapter Eighty-seven), "to consolidate and amend the Laws with Consent of " relating to Savings Banks," or under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Tj'eafiul7> to Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Fourteen), "to grant additional Facilities for

" depositing small Savings at Interest, with the Security of the Government for due on Security of " Repayment thereof," or under both those Acts, to advance to the Metropolitan Board of Thames Em" Works for the Purposes of the Embankment and Improvement Acts, on the Security of the improvement0* Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund, with such Guarantee as by this Fund.

Act authorized (but not otherwise), the whole or any Part or Parts of the Money which by the Embankment and Improvement Acts the Metropolitan Board of Works are authorized to raise.

8. This Act may be cited as The Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Short Title* (Loans) Act, 1864.

SCHEDULE.

Embankment and Improvement Acts authorizing Metropolitan Board of Works to borrow.

Acts authorizing borrowing.

A.

Session and Chapter,

[Short Title.]

— 25 & 26 Vict. c. 93.

The Thames Embankment Act, 1862.

Amount authorized to be borrowed.

1.

>»2,000,000*<

Securities authorized to be given for Amount borrowed.

The Thames Embankment and Metropolis Improvement Fund (under 24 & 25 Vict. c. 42., The London Coal and Wine Duties Continuance Act, 1861).

B. — 26 & 27 Vict. c. 45.

The Metropolis Improvement Act, 1863.

2. The Lands and Property acquired by the Metropolitan Board of Works under Acts A.and B.

C. — 26 & 27 Vict. c. 75.

The Thames Embankment Act, 1863.

480,000<

1. The Thames Embankment and Metropolis

Improvement Fund (subject to the Charges thereon under Acts A. and B.)

2. The Lands and Property acquired by the

Metropolitan Board of Works under Act C.

3. The Rates and Sums of Money which the

Metropolitan Board of Works are authorized to raise under The Metropolis Management Act, 1855, and the Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862.

27 & 28 VICT.

LI

Conditions on which Dues may be levied.

Deficiency of Dues to repay Instalments of Loan to be charged on surplus Customs Revenue to Extent of l, 600/.annually.

[Short Title.]

Meetings relating to the Militia of the United King-

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 62, 63.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for amending the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863.

[25th July 1864.]

A IN WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision with respect to the Improve ment of the Harbour of Port Erin in the Isle of Man:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Conditions contained in the Second Section of the Isle of Man Harbours Act, 1863, shall be deemed to have been complied with so soon as the Pier or Piers to be constructed in pursuance of that Act shall have been constructed and carried out of the Lengths therein mentioned, notwithstanding that such Pier or Piers may not be continuous.

Whereas it is intended that under the Provisions of the said recited Act a Sum of Fifty- eight thousand two hundred Pounds shall be advanced by the Public Works Loan Coin-c missioners by way of Loan to the Harbour Commissioners of the Isle of Man, for the

Purposes of the Works authorized by the said recited Act, on the Security of the Dues leviable under the said recited Act, and on the collateral Security of such Payments, out of the surplus Customs Revenue of the Isle of Man9 as are herein-after mentioned, and it is

expedient to give effect to such Intention: '

2. Be it enacted, That if there shall be any Deficiency in the Dues which will be payable in respect of the Works proposed to be erected at Port Erin by the Application of the said Loan to meet the Claims of the said Public Works Loans Commissioners to Payment as such Claims fall due, then the Amount so deficient, to an Extent not exceeding One thousand six hundred Pounds in any One Year, shall be charged and paid out of any surplus Customs Revenue of the Isle of Man, if there shall be any Surplus applicable thereto, after

Sroviding for all existing Charges upon such Revenue, and before any Charges of a new and istinct Character are imposed thereon; and if when the said proposed Works shall be completed it shall be found that the Harbour Dues and other Monies received and applicable to Payments to be made to the said Commissioners are more than* sufficient to provide for such annual Payments as they shall fall due, the Balance, after providing for such Payments, shall be applied yearly to repay any Monies which shall have been advanced out of the said Surplus of Customs Revenues under the Authority of this Act, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Three and a Quarter per Cent, from the Time of the Advance to the Time of Repayment.

3. This Act may be cited as " The Isle of Man Harbours Amendment Act, 1864."

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 63, 64.

any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing oft any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Periods specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia.

3. So long as the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of Great Britain are suspended it shall not be necessary for the Clerks of General Meetings of the several Counties therein to transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, or to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, the Extracts and Abstracts mentioned and referred to in Section Three of Seventh George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-eight.

4. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

CAP. LXIV *

An Act for further regulating the closing of Public Houses and Refreshment Houses within the Metropolitan Police District, the City of London, certain Corporate Boroughs, and other Places.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the closing of Public Houses and Refreshment Houses within the Metropolitan Police District, the City of London, certain Corporate Boroughs, and other Places Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the (t Public House Closing Act, 1864."

2. This Act shall ,; be in force only within the Limits of the Metropolitan Police District, the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and such Corporate Boroughs

259

dom and Ballots for such Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council

So long as Lists are suspended, not necessary to transmit Extracts, See. as required by Sect. 3. of 7 G. 4. c. 58.

Not to extend to prevent the holding of certain Meetings relating to the Militia.

[Short Title.]

Limits of Act.

Definition of " Corporate Borough," &c.

Definition of " Refreshment Houses," &c.

As to the closing of Public Houses and Refreshment Houses.

Application of Act to Free Vintners.

Occasional

Licence.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 64.

and Districts of Improvement Commissioners as adopt the same in pursuance of the Powers herein-after given.

3. " Corporate Borough" shall mean any Place for the Time being subject to the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales;"District of Improvement Commissioners" shall mean any Place within the Jurisdiction of a Board of Improvement Commissioners as defined for the Purposes of the Twelfth Section of the Local Government Act, 1858; and "Board of Improvement Commissioners" shall mean such Commissioners as last aforesaid.

4. " Refreshment House " shall in this Act have the same Meaning as it has in the Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-seven, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences:

"Exciseable Liquor" shall mean any Spirits, Foreign Wine, Beer, Cider, Sweets, or Made Wines, as defined by the Acts relating to the Excise.

5. Save as herein-after mentioned, no Licensed Victualler within the Limits of this Act shall sell or expose for Sale, or open or keep open any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for the Sale or Consumption of Exciseable Liquors or any Article whatsoever between the Hours of One and Four o'Clock in the Morning.

No Person within the Limits of this Act shall open or keep open any Refreshment House, or sell or expose for Sale or Consumption in any Refreshment House any Refreshments or any Article whatsoever between the above-mentioned Hours.

Any Person acting in contravention of this Section shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Manner as provided by the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three.

Nothing herein contained shall preclude a Licensed Victualler from selling Exciseable Liquors to or allowing the same to be consumed by Persons lodging in his House, or the Keeper of Refreshment House from selling Refreshments to or allowing the same to be consumed by Persons lodging in his House, within the above-mentioned Hours.

Nothing herein contained shall authorize a Licensed Victualler to sell Exciseable Liquors on any Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, or Day appointed for Public Fast or Thanksgiving, otherwise than during the Times at which he is now authorized by Law to sell the same, or authorize any other Person to sell Exciseable Liquors, keep open any Refreshment House, or sell Refreshments otherwise than at the Times and upon the Conditions prescribed by the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made.

6. This Act shall apply to a Freeman of the Company of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Vintners of the City of London in the same Manner as if he were a Licensed Victualler.

7. If any Licensed Victualler or Keeper of a Refreshment House as aforesaid within the Limits of this Act applies to the Local Authority herein-after mentioned for a Licence exempting him from the Provisions of this Act on any special Occasion or Occasions, it shall be lawful for the Local Authority, if in its Discretion it thinks fit so to do, to grant to the Applicant an Occasional Licence exempting him from the Provisions of this Act during certain Hours and on a special Occasion or Occasions to be specified in the Licence; and no Licensed Victualler or Keeper of a Refreshment House to whom an Occasional Licence has been granted under this Act shall be subject to any Penalty for a Contravention of this Act during the Time to which his Occasional Licence extends, but he shall not be exempted by such Occasional Licence from any Penalty to which he may be subject under any other Act of Parliament

8. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 64, 65. 261

8. The following Persons and Bodies of Persons shall be deemed to be Local Authorities Definition of

capable of granting Occasional Licences for the Purposes of this Act; that is to say, Autho *

(1.) In the Metropolitan Police District, the Commissioner of Police for the Metropolis, subject to the Approbation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State:

(2.) In the City of London and the Liberties thereof, the Commissioner of City Police, subject to the Approbation of the Lord Mayor of the said City:

(3.) In any Borough in which this Act may be in force, the Superintendent or other Chief Officer of Police in the said Borough, subject to the Approbation of the Mayor:

(4.) In any District of Improvement Commissioners in which this Act may be in force, the Superintendent or other Chief Officer of Police in the said District, subject to the Approbation of the Chairman of the Commissioners.

9. A Corporate Borough or Board of Improvement Commissioners may adopt this As to Adoption Act by a Resolution of the Council or Board assembled at a Meeting held for the of Act^Cor^ Purpose, of which such Notice has been given and which is required to be summoned e r<m* on such Requisition of the Ratepayers as is required in the Case of the Adoption'of the said Local Government Act, 1858, by a Corporate Borough, or in a District of Improvement Commissioners, to which the Local Government Act has not been applied, in pursuance of Sections Twelve and Thirteen of the said Local Government Act, and Notice of the Adoption of this Act shall be given to the Secretary of State as in the Case of the Adoption of the said Local Government Act.

This Act shall come into operation in a Corporate Borough or District of Improvement Commissioners in which a Resolution adopting the same has been passed at the Expiration of One Month from the Date of the passing of the Resolution; and no Objection whatever to the Legality of the Adoption of this Act by any Corporate Borough or Board of Improvement Commissioners shall be made at any Trial or in any legal Proceeding after the Expiration of Three Months from the Date of the passing of the Resolution adopting the same.

10. Nothing herein contained shall apply to the Sale at a Railway Station between the Hours of One and Four o'Clock in the Morning of Exciseable Liquors or Refreshments to Persons arriving at or departing from such Station by Railroad.

Not to apply to Sales at Railway Stations between One and Four in the Morning.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for amending the Law relating to the Removal of Clerks of the Peace.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Sixth Section of the Act of the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty-one, it was enacted, that if in any County, Riding, Division, or Place any Clerk of the Peace already nominated or thereafter to be nominated should.misdemean himself in the Execution of his Office, and thereupon Complaint in Writing of the said Misdemeanor should be exhibited against him to the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Sessions, it should be lawful for the said Justices or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, upon Examination, and due Proof thereof, openly in their said General Quarter Sessions, to suspend or discharge him from the said Office; and in such Case the Custos Rotulorum or other Person to whom the Right of Nomination belonged should appoint another sufficient Person to be a Clerk of the Peace, as in the said Act mentioned: And whereas Cases have occurred in which Clerks of the Peace have been guilty of such Misconduct as to render them unfit to hold their Offices, but the Justices have been unable to remove them by reason that such Misconduct did not occur in the Execution of their Office: And whereas it is expedient to provide for such

Cases

[Short Title.]

As to Removal of a Clerk of the Peace when guilty of Misconduct otherwise than in Execution of his Office.

Power to appeal to the Lord N Chancellor.

Definition of " County " and " Clerk of the Peace."

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 65, 66.

Cases as lastly herein-before mentioned; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Clerks of the Peace Removal Act, 1864."

2. If it appear to any Two Justices of the Peace of a County that the Clerk of the Peace of that County has, after the passing of this Act, been guilty of such Misconduct, otherwise than in the Execution of his Office, as in the Opinion of the said Justices to render him an unfit or improper Person to hold the Office of Clerk of the Peace, the said Justices may exhibit against him to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the County a Complaint in Writing, stating the Misconduct of which the Clerk has been guilty, a Copy of which shall be at the same Time sent to the Custos Rotulorum, and it shall be lawful for the said Court, if satisfied, upon due Examination in open Court, that the Clerk complained of has been guilty of the Misconduct imputed to him, and that the same is such as to render him an unfit or improper Person to hold his Office, to suspend or remove him from his Office, and a new Clerk of the Peace shall be appointed in manner provided by the said Act in Cases where a Clerk of the Peace has misdemeaned himself in the Execution of his Office.

3. If the Clerk of the Peace complained of feels aggrieved by the Decision of any Court of General or Quarter Sessions under this Act, he may, within Three Months after the Delivery of such Decision, appeal to the Lord Chancellor by Motion in a summary Manner, and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to reverse, confirm, or modify the Decision of the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or to remit the Case with such Directions as the Lord Chancellor may think just.

4. The Word " County " in this Act shall include any Riding, Division, or Liberty of a County, or any City, Borough, or other Place having a separate Court of Quarter Sessions. The Expression " Clerk of the Peace " shall include any Officer performing the Duties of a Clerk of the Peace.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

[25th July 1864.]

Incioffures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued

their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been given since the Date of

their Nineteenth Annual General Report: And whereas the said Commissioners have by ' a Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Inclosures would be expedient;

but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Seoond Annual Inclosure Act, 1864," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

263

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 66, 67.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Faddiley ... Chester - _ 27th January 1864.

Shiplake - Oxford - 27th January 1864.

Dunster Salt Marsh Somerset 2d November 1863.

Hartleyburn - N orthumberland 25th February 1864.

Ruffside - Durham - 25th February 1864.

Hillbeck Intake Westmorland 14th April 1864.

Billingford Cow Common Norfolk - 14th April 1864.

Radford - Gloucester 14th April 1864.

Banning Heath Kent 4th May 1864.

Great Gidding Huntingdon 14th April 1864.

Whitton - Radnor - 28fch April 1864.

Eversley - Southampton 4th May 1864.

Havant - Southampton 5th May 1864.

Leake - York - 2d November 1863.

Lambley - Northumberland 5th May 1864.

Greystone Heath and Doe Green Lancaster 14th April 1864.

Eltisley - Cambridge 17th March 1864.

Haydon Common Dorset - - 12th May 1864.

Rochester Common Northumberland 4th May 1864.

Avon Commons Southampton 2d June 1864.

Ashley Heath - Southampton 9th June 1864.

Siddals Close and Chequers Close Derby 27th May 1864.

Rose Ash - Devon - - 26th May 1864.

Combmartin - Devon - 30th May 1864.

Rugeley - Stafford - 21st May 1864.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend the Law in certain Cases relating to Trespasses in Pursuit of Game.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law in certain Cases relative to the Recovery of Penalties for Trespass on Lands in Ireland in Pursuit of Game, and (to prevent the Necessity of Occupiers of Lands not interested in such Game being made c Party Prosecutors in Proceedings for the Recovery of such Penalties Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. Where the Landlord or Lessor of any Land has reserved to himself, by any Deed or Writing, the exclusive Right to the Game on such Land, then such Landlord or Lessor, for the Purpose of prosecuting all Persons for trespassing in Pursuit of Game on such Land without his Consent, shall be deemed the legal Occupier of the said Land; and any Person who shall enter or be upon the said Land in Search of or in Pursuit of Game without the Consent of such Landlord or Lessor shall be deemed a Trespasser, and shall, on Conviction thereof before One or more Justices of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, together with the Costs, as the said Justice or Justices shall think fit; and such Penalty and Costs shall be recovered and levied in the same Mode and with the same Power of Appeal as are provided for the recovering and levying of any Penalties under the Petty Sessions Act of the Fourteenth

and

Landlord, &c. haying reserved the Bight to Game, to be legal Occupier. Person entering on Land in Pursuit of Game without Consent, deemed a Trespasser. Penalty for such Trespass.

As to the Word " Game."

To extend to Ireland only.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

Election of Commissioners may take place on any Day between 1st and 15th November 1864, as may be determined by Board of Commissioners.

Subsequent annual Elections to take place on Day so fixed.

Qualifications of Members of Local Board.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 67, 68.

and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, and the Petty Sessions Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Victoria, Chapter One hundred, and as if the Provisions in the said Acts relating to the Recovery of Penalties were herein expressly repeated.

2. The Word " Game " shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed to include Hares, Pheasants, Partridges, Grouse, Heath or Moor Game, Black Game, Woodcocks, Snipes, Quails, Landrails, Wild Ducks, Widgeon, and Teal.

3. This Act shall extend and be construed to extend to Ireland only.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to amend the Local Government Act of 1858 so far as it applies to Oxford.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Local Government Act, 1858, Section Eighty-two, it is provided ' " that the Oxford Commissioners described in the Thirty-first Section of the Public Health Act, 1848, shall be the Body authorized to adopt the said Local Government

Act for the District within their Jurisdiction: And whereas the said Commissioners have f adopted the said Act: And whereas it is provided by the said Act that the Local Board ' of the Oxford District shall consist of the several Persons therein mentioned, and shall be s elected in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the Election of the said Commissioners cannot take place, in pursuance of the said first-mentioned Act, until on and ' after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for Elections taking place in the course of the present Year:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Notwithstanding anything contained in the said Local Government Act, or any other Act of Parliament, the Election of the Commissioners to constitute the Local Board for Oxford, under the said Act of 1858, may take place at any Time that may be determined by the existing Board of Commissioners between the First Day of November and the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, in the Manner now respectively provided for the Election of the said Commissioners to be respectively elected by the said City and University of Oxford; and the said Commissioners when so elected shall continue in Office until the first monthly Meeting after the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. Every subsequent annual Election of the Commissioners constituting the said Local Board shall take place between the First and Fifteenth Days of November' in every Year, on the same Day in each Year, as shall be appointed under the Power herein-before given: Provided always, that if such Day fall upon a Sunday then the Election shall take place on the Monday next following; and the Day of going out of Office of every Board, and Entry upon Office of the new Board, shall be the Day of the first monthly Meeting after the said Fifteenth Day of November.

3. Notwithstanding anything in the said Local Government Act contained, the Members of the Local Board to be elected by the said University, and Heads and Bursars of Colleges, and Heads of Halls respectively, shall not be required to possess any Qualification to act as Members of the said Board other than that they are of the Degree of Master of Arts, Bachelor of Civil Law, Bachelor in Medicine, or any superior Degree of the said University.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

265

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge ' of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia,

including the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and ' Ireland, and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers ' and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the

Regular Militia, who have been allowed to retire, and to Adjutants disabled after long (Service:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied) in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the Permanent Staff of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant -

, Quartermaster, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of not less than 360 Private Men -

and of less than 360 Private Men ...

, Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies -, Quartermaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -

and for the Serjeant performing the Duty of both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less) -, Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery -, Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -

, Serjeant, Orderly Room Clerk, Drum Major, or Bugle Major -, Drummer, Trumpeter, Bugler, or Fifer above Sixteen Years of Age -

and if under Sixteen Years of Age -

Provided always, that when any Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also at Rates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instructions for the Provision of Clothing for each Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Permanent Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

Infen try. Artillery.

— ... I

£ 8. d. £ s. d.

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 3 0 0 3 6

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 1 0 1 3

0 0 10 0 0 10

27 & 28 Vict.

M m

2. Except

Secretary of State for War to issue the Money required for Pay, &c. of Regular Militia, as herein stated.

266

Members of the Permanent Staff to reside 'where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

And may be employed in their Counties.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing.

Adjutant to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

Power to Secretary of State for War to order Arms, &c. to be deposited in War Office Stores, while disembodied.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and, in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Persons receiving Pay as Members of Permanent Staff of Militia to be subject to Mutiny Act.

Militia when called out for Training or

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

2. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Member of the Permanent Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such Member shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men at the same Time.

3. Every Member of the Permanent Staff, when not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force so employed.

4. The Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, 'showing the Balance remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

5. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Permanent Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Permanent Staff shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant

6. All Persons receiving Pay as Members of the Permanent Staff of any Militia Regiment shall be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act and Articles of War for the Time being in force, and shall be entitled to be billeted in like Manner as Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army, and the Innkeepers and others who are liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted on them shall provide the Members of the Permanent Staff with convenient Lodging, Fire, and Candle, and in default thereof be liable to the Penalties imposed upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets, as prescribed by the Mutiny Act for the Time being in force.

7. The Officers and Volunteer Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

267

the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Bates of Pay and Exercise en-Allowances: titled to Pay,

&c. as herein Infantry. Artillery. Btated.

£ K- rL

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -

Major -

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) -

Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -

, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission; nor on the Permanent Staff) -

, (if holding a Subaltern's Commission, and if not on the Permanent Staff) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than

360 Private Men) -, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360 Private Men) -

Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery, in addition to the daily Rate of Pay granted by Sec. 1.

Serjeant (not on the Permanent Staff) -

Corporal -

Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Man (including the Permanent Staff, present at Training and Exercise

£ 8. dL £ 8. d,

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 6! 0 2 6

0 1 0 1 H

0 1 0 0 1 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

8. Whenever a Volunteer who has been punished for Absence from any annual Training 17 & is Vict shall subsequently thereto serve for an additional Year or Years for any annual Period or

Periods of Training and Exercise, from or during which he absented himself, he shall be c. 38. g. 9# entitled to receive the same Bounty which, under the Regulation under the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, would have been payable to him during or in respect of Attendance at Training and Exercise.

9. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached Volunteers

to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, be allowed Pay of the"

whilst so under Instruction, but while they remain so attached they will be under the Sub-

Command of the Officer commanding the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers jeettothe of that Regiment, and will be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act. Mutiny Act.

10. Volunteers may, if they desire, be transferred to another Regiment, with the Volunteers may Consent of the Commanding Officers of both Regiments, whether of Great Britain or

Ireland, without being required to take any Oath other than that which they took on their gimeut without original Enrolment. re-sworn.

11. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of Certain Officers Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when entitle^to

unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead retired Allow- of the Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination ance, upon ' of the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain ^Sowui^De-

M m 2 i Paymasters, clamion?

Form of Declaration.

Oat-Pension to reduced Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c. during Training.

Members of the Permanent Staff, &c. not to lose their Bight to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1865.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed on a retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted to them in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the FourthAll such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I formerly served as a

in the Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from the Day of to the Day of

I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under ' Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or c under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem as a

of the said Militia, except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a

12. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not unfit (for further Service:' No Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer 60 placed on Pension shall be entitled [to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

13. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

14. Provided always, That no Member of the Permanent Staff in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

15. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men thereof during the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers and Men thereof, including the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week, excluding the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance for the sick Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

16. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been deduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that ho such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance. '

17. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts ' to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or c Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service:' Such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, ip like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

18. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular or Indian Forces, or in the Army of the East India Company, and in the Militia, if unfit, either by Age or Infirmity, for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,)

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem:

Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem:

Twenty*five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia^ an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem:

Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem:

Provided, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War, founded upon such Certificate, the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the (said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment.

19. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia:' The said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted

to

269

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Allowances to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Allowance* granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

Restrictions as to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming the said Allowance.

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

Manner of

grantingAllow-

ances.

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of tho Justness of their Accounts.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Grown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

20. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or'other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

4 I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as Adjutant in the c of Local Militia at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in

One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during

any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the Day of One thousand eight hundred and to

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I

did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said ' Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of fi Day now claimed,

except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a

Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be].y

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the A(\jutant claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

21. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Rates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act.

22. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

4 I do solemnly declare. That the preceding Account, so far as regards

4 my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and in

behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums

claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster9 Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

I do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial Schoolmaster [or

4 Constable or other Officer] of the District of in the Sub-

division of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just and

true

271

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

f true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

23. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Subdivision ' of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy ' Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and

Devon, should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals c of Persons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia by reason of

bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves K for Enrolment:' It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

(I do solemnly declare, That I will, to the best of my Ability, faithfully

* and truly report as to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted 6 to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward (whatever for any such Examination. '

Any every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

24. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

25. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper *

26. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

27. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

28. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Pay, &c. to be issued under Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c.may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

All Things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Shires, &c.

Continuance of Act

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stanneries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1

For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) -

2. For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of

Lieutenancy shall be present, each -

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants -

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each

Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each -

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and

fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals -

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof. Schedule

(D.), for the Privy Council and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerks Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 men or under in the original Number of the Militia -In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds,

Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under Ditto - from 201 to 400 Men

Ditto - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - from 801 Men and upwards -

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained

in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under -

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto 251 Names and upwards -

£ s. d.

0 7 6

5 5 0

1 11 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 7 6

- - 2 2 0

- - 3 3 0

- - 4 4 0

- - 5 5 0

- - 6 6 0

1

2

3

4

5

1

2

3

4

5

0

0

0

0

0

0 5 0 0 10 0

1 0 0 1 10 0

273

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

8. For Drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - Ditto - Two - Ditto - Ditto - Three - Ditto -No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note, — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men -

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards -

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c .:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men -

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertise-

ments, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c. certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall 6tate that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice -

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (FA in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion -

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps -

Ditto - Two - Ditto -

Ditto - Three - Ditto -

£ s. d.

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

0 0 6

1 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement - -050

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter - - 010

27 & 28 Vict. N n

274

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

15, For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or £ 8. d principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting,

For enrolling,

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - 220

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - -150

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - 0150

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in

England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept -And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept -

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the

Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men - £2

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule (C.), for the Use

of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is 50 Men and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each

Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards -

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards

the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

0 0 6 0 0 6

per 1,000

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements,

for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

275

£ 8, d.

2

3

4

5

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 0 5 0

- - 0 10 0

- - 0 15 0

- - 1 0 0 m

- - 0 5 0

- - 0 10 0

- - 0 15 0

- - 1 0 0

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under - Ditto from 11 to 30 Names - Ditto from 31 to 60 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names - Ditto from 71 to 100 Names -

Ditto from 100 upwards -

25. For making out fall and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under Ditto from 21 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - Ditto from 251 and upwards Nn 2

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

2

4

7

6

0

6

0

0

0 10 0

- - - 0 2 0

. - 0 5 0

- - - 0 10 0

- - - 0 15 0

- 1 0 0

£ s. d

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - Ditto from 251 and upwards -

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours -

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines -

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting -

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per Day

31. For Stationery, per Annum -

0 5 0

0 1 0 0 10 0 0 5 0

0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - 040

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - 0 1 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and enrolled Men, per

Day - 040

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per

Annum - -050

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account.

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot.

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS. Per Annum.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 -

Where the Quota is

Above 200 and not exceeding 400 -

Above 400 and not exceeding 500 -

£ s. d.

15 0 0

20 0 0 25 0 0

277

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 69, 70, 71.

And where the Quota exceeds 500 the following Additions for every 100 or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500 and not exceeding 1,000 -

Above 1,000 and not exceeding 2,000 ...

Above 2,000 and not exceeding 3,000 -

Above 3,000 and not exceeding 4,000 -

Above 4,000 -

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant -

The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

£ s. d.

4 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 10 0

1 0 0

2 2 0

CAP. LXX.

An Act to substitute fixed instead of fluctuating Incomes for the Members of certain minor Corporations in certain of the Cathedral Churches in England.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Arrangements for securing fixed Incomes to the

f Members of certain minor Corporations in certain of the Cathedral Churches in f England in lieu of their present fluctuating Incomes Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful, under the Authority of a Scheme prepared by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and of an Order of Her Majesty in Council ratifying the same, with the Consent in Writing under the Common or Corporate Seal of any Vicars Choral, Priest Vicars, Senior Vicars, Custos and Vicars Warden, and Vicars or Minor Canons, who may constitute a Corporation Aggregate in any Cathedral Church in England, and of their Visitor, for the said Vicars Choral, Priest Vicars, Senior Vicars, Custos and Vicars Warden, and Vicars or Minor Canons to transfer to and vest in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the Purposes of the Acts relating to them and subject to the Provisions thereof and to the Conditions which may be specified in any such Scheme and Order, all the Lands and Hereditaments heretofore belonging to such Corporation, for and in consideration of any annual or other Money Payment to be made to such Corporation by the Commissioners.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for amending and extending the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1851, and the Railways, Ireland, Act, 1860.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the " Railways Act, Ireland, 1851," and the u Rail-(ways Act, Ireland, 1860," should be amended, and the Provisions thereof extended, (as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In all Cases where the Amount of Money which the Arbitrator appointed under the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, shall have awarded to be paid by the Company

to

Lands and Hereditaments may be transferred by Cathedral Corporations to Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Money Payments.

The Company, if dis-satisfied with Award, in

Cases exceeding 500/., may traverse.

Power to have Special Jury.

Notice to be given to the Sheriff of Special Jury.

Either Party to such Traverse entitled to have the Premises viewed by the Jury.

Either Party may appeal from Ruling of Judge.

The Party objecting shall deliver to the Judge a Note in Writing, stating Objection, and Grounds thereof.

Special Case, when settled and signed by the Judge, to be filed.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

to any Person in respect of any Estate or Interest in Lands shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds it shall be lawful for the Company, if dis-satisfied with such Award, upon giving to such Person within Ten Days next after the Date of such Award Notice in Writing of their Intention to appeal therefrom, to have a Traverse entered by the Company in the Crown Book in respect of such Award, at the same Time and in like Manner in all respects as are provided by the aforesaid Acts with respect to Traverses taken by Persons dis-satisfied with any Award, and the like Proceedings shall be taken with respect to a Traverse so taken by the Company, and the Verdict of the Jury upon such Traverse shall have the like Effect as in the Case of a Traverse taken by a Person so dis-satisfied: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Traverse shall be so taken by the Company, if the Verdict of the Jury shall be for a Sum less than that awarded by the Arbitrator, the Company shall nevertheless pay to the other Party to such Traverse such Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds for the Costs of such Traverse as the Judge before whom the same is tried shall direct; and in case the Verdict of the Jury shall be for a Sum equal to or exceeding the Award of the Arbitrator, then and in that Case the Company shall pay to the other Party the Costs of the Traverse, such Costs to be taxed and ascertained in the same Manner as Costs are by Law ascertained on the Trial of an Issue from the Court of Queen's Bench.

2. In all Cases of Traverse taken upon an Award of the Arbitrator, the Company or Person Appellant shall be entitled to have the same tried by a Special Jury upon giving Notice in Writing to the Respondent in such Traverse of their or his Intention that the same shall be so tried Ten Days previous to the Assizes or Term respectively (as the Case may be), and the Respondent in such Traverse shall be so entitled upon giving the like Notice Six Days before the said Assizes or Term: Provided that any Judge of any of the Superior Courts sitting in Chamber or at Nisi Prius may at any Time order that such Traverse shall be tried by a Special Jury upon such Terms as he may think fit.

3. Where Notice has been given to try by Special Jury either Party may, Six Days before the First Day of the Assizes or of the Term, as the Case may be, give Notice to the Sheriff that such Action is to be tried by a Special Jury; and in Case no such Notice has been given, or the Notice has not been given in sufficient Time, no Special Jury need be summoned to attend, and such Traverse shall be tried before a Common Jury unless otherwise ordered by the Judge before whom the same shall be tried.

4. Either Party to such Traverse shall be entitled to have the Premises viewed by the Jury, and for that Purpose it shall be sufficient to obtain an Order of any such Judge as aforesaid directing a View to be had, and thereupon all such Proceedings shall be had as are directed by the " Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, Ireland, 1853," Section 116, with respect to View Juries.

5. In case either Party shall be dis-satisfied at the Trial of such Traverse with the Ruling of the Judge upon any Matter of Law, he shall be entitled to appeal from such Ruling in the Manner herein contained.

6. The Party so objecting shall deliver to the Judge at the Time of such Trial a Note in Writing, stating such Objection and the Grounds thereof, and shall and may prepare a Case, stating the Facts and Matters appearing in Evidence so far as may be necessary, and the Ruling of the Judge, and the Objections to such Ruling, and such Case may be accompanied by an Appendix containing Copies of the material Documents; and all Proceedings shall be taken with respect to the Settlement of such Case, and within the same Period, as are taken in Ireland with respect to Bills of Exceptions to the Direction of a Judge at Nisi Prius.

7. Such Special Case and the Appendix thereto, when settled and signed by the said Judge, shall be filed in such One of the Superior Courts as the said Judge shall direct, and such Court shall proceed to adjudicate on the same in like Manner as upon a Special Case stated under the said Common Law Procedure Act, and the Adjudication of such Court shall be final.

8. It

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

8. It shall be lawful for such Court, upon the hearing of 6uoh Special Case, to direct any Issue to be tried, or any Valuation or other Inquiry to be made, or the said Caso to be amended in any way, or other Act to be done, which such Court may deem proper, in order finally to adjudicate upon and determine the Eights of the Parties.

9. The Judgment or Order of the said Court upon such Special Case shall be equivalent to a Judgment of the said Court in a personal Action between the Parties.

10. In all Cases where the Company shall take any Proceedings by way of Appeal as aforesaid the Costs thereof shall be ordered to be paid by them; but in Cases where the Company shall be Respondent in such Appeal the Costs of such Proceedings shall follow the Event, and be included in the ultimate Judgment of the Court of Appeal.

11. The Amount of the Purchase Money or other Compensation payable by the Company in respect of Lands temporarily occupied by them during the Construction of the Works, in case the Parties shall differ about the same, shall be determined in manner following: The Person claiming such Purchase Money or Compensation shall deliver to the Arbitrator a short Statement in Writing, setting forth the Nature and Amount of such Claim, and shall also and at the Bame Time deliver to the Company a Copy of the same; and the like Proceedings in all respects shall be had with respect to such Claim as are by the aforesaid Acts or by this Act directed to be taken with respect to a Claim for Compensation for Lands taken or injuriously affected by the Execution of the Works} and the Arbitrator shall have full Jurisdiction to entertain such Claim, and determine the Amount payable in respect thereof, although the Lands so temporarily occupied may not be contained in the Maps and Plans deposited with him; and the said Arbitrator may include the Amount so ascertained by him as last aforesaid in his general Award, or may make a special Award in relation to the same in case it- shall be necessary or convenient so to do, such special Award to be made in the like Manner, and to be subject to the like Provisions in all respects as such general Award; and all the Enactments expressly, or by reference or Incorporation, contained in the said Acts or in this Act with respect to Purchase Money or Compensation ascertained by the Award of the Arbitrator in respect of Lands permanently taken by the Company shall be applicable to the Purchase Money or Compensation ascertained as aforesaid by the Arbitrator in respect of Lands so temporarily occupied as aforesaid.

12. In all Cases where Costs of Conveyances shall be payable by the Company'such Costs shall be taxed by One of the Taxing Masters of the Court of Chancery in Ireland upon the Requisition of such Company; and all the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, and all Rules and Regulations of the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland relating to the Taxation of Costs shall be deemed applicable to such Costs so payable by the Company in like Manner in all respects as if the said Company were directly chargeable therewith.

13. In the Construction of the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, and of the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, and of this Act, the Expression " Company " shall include any Parties, whether Company, Undertakers, Commissioners, Drainage Board, Corporation, or private Persons, empowered to execute any Work or Undertaking, and to take or use any Lands, Mills, or other Hereditaments compulsorily under the Provisions of any General or Special Act of Parliament, already or hereafter incorporating the said recited Acts and this Act or any of such Acts.

14. When any Railway Company shall not take possession of or pay for any Land within One Fortnight from the Lodgement of the final Award of the Arbitrator with the Clerk of the Peace, the said Company shall, before taking possession of the same, in addition to the Sum awarded by the Arbitrator, pay to the Occupant of any Land to be taken the Value of any Crop existing upon or in the Laud at the Time of taking possession of same, and which has not been included in said Award, such Value to be determined by any Three Justices of the Petty Sessions District in which such Lands may be situated. One to be named by the Railway Company, One by the Occupant of such Land, and the Third by the Two Justices so named.

15. Every

279

Court may direct an Issue or other Inquiry.

As to Judgment upon Special Case.

Costs of Appeal to be paid by Company where Appellants.

As to Compensation in respect of Lands temporarily occupied.

Taxation of Costs.

Construction of Term " Company.' *

If Company do not take possession within a Fortnight of final Award, Value of Crop to be added.

280

Within Five Years after the opening of a Railway, the Company may be called upon to make certain Accommodation Works, and, if so, the Matter shall be referred to an Arbitrator.

Arbitrator shall have all the Powers of an Arbitrator appointed under 14 & 15 Vict c. 70., and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 97.

The Company shall obey the Award of the Arbitrator, except in certain Cases.

Acts to be read together.

[Short Title.]

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 71, 72.

15. Every Railway Company in Ireland shall cause proper Fences to be made and maintained for separating the Land taken for the Use of the Railway from the adjoining Lands not taken, and shall also provide and maintain proper Drains or other Passages either over or under or by the Sides of the Railway to convey Water from or to the Lands lying near or affected by the Railway, in the same Manner and to the same Extent as it was conveyed from or to the said Lands before the making of the Railway, or as near thereto as the Case may be; and in case any Owner or Occupier of such Land shall complain of the Want of or Insufficiency of any such Fences, Drains, or Passages, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Occupier, within Five Years after the Completion of the Works of any Railway and the opening of the Railway for public Use, to present a Memorial to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland stating the Ground of his Complaint, and thereupon the Commissioners shall inquire into the Matter of such Complaint, and, if they shall so think fit, the said Commissioners shall appoint an Arbitrator to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint.

16. The Arbitrator so appointed shall have and exercise all the Powers vested in any Arbitrator appointed under the "Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1851 and 1860," and shall proceed to investigate the said Complaint at some convenient Place to be named by the said Commissioners of Public Works, after giving Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting to the Memorialists and to the Railway Company, and his Award may be traversed in the same Manner as any Award made by an Arbitrator appointed under the " Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1851 and 1860," and if not traversed shall be final; and the Costs of the said Arbitration and of the said Arbitrator shall be paid in the same Manner as the Costs of an Arbitration or Arbitrator under the "Railways (Ireland) Acts, 1851 and 1860."

17. The Company shall make all such Fences, Drains, and Passages as by the Award of the said Arbitrator they shall be directed to make; but no Company shall be required to make the same in such a Manner as will prevent or obstruct the working or using of the Railway, nor shall they be required to make any Fence, Drain, or Passage in respect of which the Owner and Occupier, or any former Owner and Occupier, shall have agreed to receive and shall have been paid Compensation in lieu of the making of the W orks themselves.

18. The Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, and the Railways Act (Ireland), 1860, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act; and this Act, together with the said Acts, shall be held to be incorporated with those Acts in any Act already or hereafter incorporating those Acts or any of them.

19. This Act may be cited as the Railways Act (Ireland), 1864.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863.

[25th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session held in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty- seventh Years of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, being " The Drainage and Improve-

ment of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863 And whereas Doubts may arise as to the Priorities in which, under and by virtue of the Forty-ninth Section of the said Act, the Monies, Rentcharges, and Instalments therein mentioned shall or may be respectively chargeable upon Lands other than those actually drained or improved, though being Portion of the same Townland or Denomination as the Lands so drained or improved; and it is expedient that any such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted and declared

by

281

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 72.

by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In all Cases where any such Monies, Rentcharges, or Instalments as aforesaid shall, Monies, &c. by virtue of the said Act, become charged upon any Townland or Denomination, or any J^g^ned Portion or Portions of the same, in addition to and together with the Lands actually Townland, &c. drained or improved (such Townland or Denomination or Portion thereof belonging to as upon drained the Proprietor of the said last-mentioned Lands, and settled to the same Uses as such Lands* last-mentioned Lands), the said Monies, Rentcharges, and Instalments respectively shall be

deemed and taken to be charged upon such Townland or Denomination, or Portion or Portions of the same, as the Case may be, in the same Priority and in like Manner in all respects as the said Monies, Rentcharges, or Instalments shall, by virtue of the said Act, be chargeable upon the Lands actually drained or improved under the Provisions of the same: Provided always, that the Priority expressed to be created by this Act shall not affect any Incumbrance to which no Part of the Land drained or improved may be liable *

2. Any Person interested in any Land within any proposed District to which the Report Persons inter-

of any Inspector appointed by the Commissioners may refer may make Objections to such may Report in like Manner and within the like Time as such Objections may now be made by ^j^for's any Proprietor in such proposed District. Report

3. Whereas in some Localities it may be found expedient to drain the Lands proposed Provisions of to be drained by pumping only, or by pumping together with the other Means con- recited Act to f templated by the said recited Act:' Be it enacted, That Works proper for the Drainage casii where of Land by pumping shall be deemed to be Drainage Works within the Meaning of Lands drained the said recited Act; and all the Provisions of the said Act shall apply to Cases where the m?an8 of Lands to be drained under the Provisions thereof shall be drained by pumping, either alone pumping '

or together with other Drainage Works 2 Provided always, that in all Cases where it shall be proposed to drain any Lands by means of pumping as aforesaid, the Petition to be presented to the Commissioners shall set forth, in addition to the Particulars required by the said Act, the estimated Expense of erecting and maintaining the Works and Machinery necessary for such pumping, and the Mode in which it may be proposed that the Amount of such Expense shall be levied and applied; and no Drainage District shall be constituted where such Drainage is intended to be carried on solely or principally by pumping, unless and until the said Commissioners shall be satisfied as to the Sufficiency of the Means intended to be adopted for the due and proper Use and Maintenance of such pumping Works for Relief of the Lands proposed to be drained and improved.

4. It shall be lawful for any Drainage Board in any District intended to be drained by Drainage

pumping as aforesaid from Time to Time to contract with any Person or Company for Boards may the Erection, Maintenance, and Repair of any such pumping Works and Machinery con- and

nected therewith, and to apply the Funds which may be within the Control of such Board Maintenance in liquidation of the Liabilities incurred by virtue of any such Contract. of Works.

5. It shall be lawful for any Company or public Body now or hereafter to be incorporated Companies, &c. for the Purpose of supplying Water to any Town or District to enter into any such Contract may contract with any such Drainage Board for the Purpose aforesaid, and to carry out and effectuate ^a^pply 0 the same.

6. This Act and the said Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, shall Act and recited

be construed together as One Act. One*0 *

27 & 28 Vict.

Oo

282

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1864 the Sum of 17, 341, 813/.

15*. 10rf. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 17, 341, 813/.

15*. 1 Od. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 17, 341, 813/.

15*. lOd. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, the Sum of Seventeen million three hundred forty-one thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Tenpence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, are. or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seventeen million three hundred forty-one thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Tenpence, and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act,

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seventeen million three hundred forty-one thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Tenpence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

9. There shall and may be issued and applied for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Sum of Three millions five hundred one thousand four hundred and ten Pounds Four Shillings and Twopence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

10. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to " apply the Sum of Five hundred eighty-four thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out " of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of " March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four;" also the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and " sixty-fourand also the Sum of Fifteen Millions granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out " of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and " sixty-fourand also the respective Sums of Seventeen million three hundred forty-one thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Tenpence, and Three million five hundred one thousand four hundred and ten Pounds Four Shillings and Twopence by this Act granted, amounting in the aggregate to the Sum of Forty million nine hundred twenty-seven thousand eight hundred and seventy-four Pounds, shall be further appropriated and are hereby appropriated and shall be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

11. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten million seven hundred eight thousand six hundred and fifty-one Pounds for or towards the Navy Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million nine hundred twenty-nine thousand nine hundred and thirteen Pounds, to

283

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may apply, for the Service of the Year 1864, 3, 501, 410/. 4s. 2d. Surplus of Ways and Means.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

27 Vict. c. 5. 584, 650/.

27 Vict c. 6. 4, 500,000l.

27 Vict. c. 11. 15,000,000l.

17, 341, 813/. 15s. iorf.

3, 501, 410/. 4a\ 2d.

40, 927, 874/.

There shall be issued 10, 708, 651/. for Navy Services; viz .: 2, 929, 913/. for Wages to

284

71, 950 Seamen and Marines;

1, 304, 11911 for Victuals and Clothing for the Navy;

168, 60511 for Salaries, &c. in Admiralty Office;

300, 7181. for Salaries, &c. of Coast Guard, Naval Coast Volunteers, and Naval Reserve; 71, 2761. for the Navy Scientific Departments;

192, 5741. for Naval Establishments at home;

37, 6661. for Naval Establishments abroad;

1, 275, 3161. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

69, 2051. for Wages of Artificers, &c. abroad;

1, 164, 1001. for Naval Stores;

882, 2121. for Steam Machinery, &c .;

444, 2981. for new Works in Naval Establishments;

64, 3501. for Medicines, &c .;

102, 32011 for Naval Miscellaneous Services; 703, 5651. for Naval Half Pay, &c .;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

defray the Charge of Wages to Seventy-one thousand nine hundred and fifty Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred four thousand one hundred and nineteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals and Clothing to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-eight thousand six hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand seven hundred and eighteen Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, and Royal Naval Reserve, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand two hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety-two thousand five hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand six hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred seventy-five thousand three hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-nine thousand two hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million one hundred sixty-four thousand one hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred eighty-two thousand two hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Expense of Steam Machinery for Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and for Payments to be made for Ships and Vessels building or to be built by Contract, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred forty-four thousand two hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-four thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred two thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred three thousand five hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and

Royal

285

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or 490, 201/. for Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred ninety thousand two hundred and one Pounds, Military pen-to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of S10QS; Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred 193, 983/. for ninety-three thousand nine hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Civil Pensions; Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or 314, 230/. for Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred fourteen thousand two hundred and thirty Freight of Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the Victualling and Conveyance and Con-of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the veyance of Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. Troops, &c.

12. And whereas, in order to provide for the Exigencies of the Army Services, it has There shall been necessary to incur an Expenditure for Army Services beyond the ordinary Grants for be issued the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, ^.^services ' amounting to Four hundred and nine thousand Pounds Be it therefore enacted, That f0r Year^n^ng out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied 31st March any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and nine thousand Pounds, to 1864, defray the Charge for Army Services beyond the ordinary Grants for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three — four.

13. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen million eight hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-eight Pounds for or towards the Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five million seven hundred eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the General Staff and Regimental Pay, Allowances, and Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred nineteen thousand and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Establishment, Services, and Movement of Troops, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred ninety-six thousand six hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Clothing Establishments, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred eleven thousand one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Barrack Establishment, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Diay of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of Divine Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand five hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge for Martial Law, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred sixty-two thousand two hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Medical Establishment, Services, and Supplies, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred eighty-three thousand seven hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Yeomanry,

which

There shall be issued 14, 844, 088/. for Army Services, viz.

5, 708, 983/. for Pay, &c. of Land Forces, exclusive of India;

1, 319, 047/. for Commissariat Establishment, &c .;

596, 694/. for Clothing Establishments;

611, 165/. for Barrack Establishment;

45, 433/. for Divine Service

40, 549/. for Martial Law:

262, 216/. for Medical Establishment;

783, 783/. for Disembodied Militia;

87, 086/. for Yeomanry;

328, 260/. for Volunteers;

49, 580/. for Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Corps; 973, 031/. for Manufacturing Departments;

572, 519/. for Warlike Stores;

750, 870/. for Works, &c. at home and abroad;

173, 883/. for Military Education;

88, 345/. for Surveys and Topographical Department;

123, 103/. for Miscellaneous Services;

223, 384/. for Administration of the Army;

26, 020/. for Rewards for Military Service; 75, 400/. for General Officers;

449, 471/. for Reduced and Retired Officers;

162, 986/. for Pensions to Widows and Compassionate List;

29, 663/. for Pensions, &c. to wounded Officers; 33, 260/. for In-Pension, &c. of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals; 1, 161, 812/. for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred twenty-eight thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Volunteers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-nine thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Forces, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred seventy-three thousand and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Manufacturing Departments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred seventy-two thousand five hundred and nineteen Pounds, to defray the Charge for Warlike Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred fifty thousand eight hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Superintending Establishment of, and the Expenditure for, Works, Buildings, and Repairs, at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-three thousand eight hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge for Military Education, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending, on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-eight thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Surveys of the United Kingdom, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-three thousand one hundred and three Pounds, to defray the Charge of Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Administration of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Mnrch One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Rewards for Military Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-five thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of General Officers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred forty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-two thousand nine hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Widows Pensions and Compassionate Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand six hundred and sixty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pensions and Allowances to wounded Officers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-Pension thereof, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million one hundred sixty-one thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Charge of the

287

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-six thousand three hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Superannuation Allowances, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand two hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Non-effective Services of the Disembodied Militia, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

14. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the first Moiety of the Charge payable by Great Britain under the Treaty dated the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, for the Redemption of the Scheldt Toll, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

15. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million six hundred thousand Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds which will become payable during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

16. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to Sir Rowland Hill, K.C.B., late Secretary to the General Post Office, as an Acknowledgment of his eminent Services to the Public at large, in devising and carrying out important Improvements in Postal Administration.

17. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred seventy-one thousand four hundred and seventy-three Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred and thirteen thousand four hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million one hundred and fourteen thousand six hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray the Charges for Post Office Services, and the Collection of the Revenue, which will come in oourse of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred ninety-two thousand five hundred and thirty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge for Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other non-effective Charges in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred sixty thousand two hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Post Office Packet Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty five, no Part of which Sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any Payment in respect of any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three to Mr. Joseph George Churchward, or to any Person claiming through or under him by virtue of a certain Contract, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the First Part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the Second Part, or in or towards the Satisfaction of any Claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that Contract, so far as relates to any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

Civil

13 G. 332/. for Superannuation Allowances, &c.

31, 213/. for Non-effective Services of the Disembodied Militia.

There shall be issued 175, 650/. for Moiety of Charge for Redemption of Scheldt Toll.

There shall be issued 1, 600,000l. for Exchequer Bonds.

There shall be issued 20,000l. to Sir Rowland Hill, K.C.B.

There shall be issued 771, 473/. for Customs Department;

1, 313, 467/1 for Inland Revenue Department;

2, 114, 616/. for Post Office, &c .;

492, 536/. for Superannuation &c., Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office.

860, 276/. for Post Office Packet Service.

Civil Services. Class 1.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Civil Services. — Class 1. (.£853, 518.)

18. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Ktwo hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces: and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and seven thousand five hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred find sixty-five, for the Maintenance and Repair of Public Buildings, for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same, for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Public Departments, and Charges attendant thereon; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Supply and Repair of Furniture in the various Public Departments; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-seven w thousand nine hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in Parks, Pleasure course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Grounds, &c. eight hundred and sixty-five, for maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal Parks, 32, 144/. for Pleasure Grounds, &c., and other Charges connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Parliament* of ^oney no^ exceeding Thirty*two thousand one hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Works and Expenses at the New Houses of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred and seventeen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance and Repairs of Embassy Houses, &c. at Paris and Madrid; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance and Repairs of the Embassy Houses, Consular Offices, 75, oooo/. for new Hospital, Surgeon's House, and Prison at Constantinople; and any Sum or Sums of Money Foreign Office; nofc exceeding Seventy-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for erecting a new Office for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Erection of the Industrial Museum in Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will

There shall be issued 52, 258L for Repair of Royal Palaces;

107, 531/. for Maintenance, &c. of Public Buildings, temporary Accommodation, &c .;

17, 300/. for Furniture for Public Departments;

97, 994/. for Maintenance, &c. of Royal

1, 517/. for Embassy Houses, &c. at Paris and Madrid;

3, 201/. for new Consular Offices, See. at Constantinople;

6, 750/. for Industrial Museum at Edinburgh; 3, 355/. for Kind's and Manschal Col

leges, Aberdeen come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One University; thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for enlarging, repairing, and altering the King's College and Marischal College, Aberdeen University; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand five hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Expenses connected with the Probate Court Registries; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Expenses connected with Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for enlarging the Public Record Repository, and providing 20,000l. for the the necessary Fittings; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand newBr^e at P°unds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending Westminster; on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Formation

9, 574/. for Probate Court Registries;

1, 574/. for General Register House, Edinburgh;

26,000l. for Public Record Repository;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

tion of the Approaches to the new Bridge at Westminster; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Expenses connected with the new Bridge at Westminster; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray in the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five the Charge for Architectural Designs, Plans, and Estimates for Public Buildings prepared at different Times between the Years One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three and One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for completing the Stylobate, &c. of the Nelson Column in Trafalgar Square; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for constructing certain Harbours of Refuge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand eight hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Works and Expenses at the new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, for Portpatrick Harbour, and for Works at Spurn Point; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-seven thousand four hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for erecting, repairing, and maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Construction of new Record Buildings at the Four Courts, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for completing the Building of a National Gallery in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand seven hundred and three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for One Half of the Expense of erecting and improving Court Houses or Offices for the Sheriff' Courts in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Contributions in aid of local Assessments for the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Descriptions of Government Property; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for completing the Purchase of Land and certain Buildings at Kensington Gore used for the Purposes of the late International Exhibition.

Civil Services. — Class 2. (£ 1, 548, 578.)

19. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-nine thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Two Houses of Parliament, and Allowances to retired Officers; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-three thousand one hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course 27 & 28 Vict. P p of

289

10, 930/. for new Bridge at Westminster;

3, 260/. for Architectural Plans between 1853 and 1863;

4,000l. for the Nelson Column Trafalgar Square;

96,000l. for Harbours of Refuge;

57, 875/. for new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, &c.

97, 452/. for erecting, &c. Public Buildings, &c. Ireland;

18,000/1 for new Record Buildings, Four Courts, Lublin;

1, 100/. for National Gallery, &c., Dublin;

13, 703/. for erecting, &c. Lighthouses abroad;

17,000l. for improving Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland;

27,000l. for Contributions in aid of Poor Relief Assessments;

53,000l. for Purchase of Land and Buildings from Commissioners of Exhibition of 1851.

Civil Bekvicks. Class 2.

There shall be issued 69, 127/. for Salaries, &c. of Houses of Parliament; 53, 147/. for the Treasury;

26, 883/. for the Home Department;

72, 015/. for Foreign Department;

31, 421/. for the Department of the Colonies;

24, 306/. for Privy Council.

65, 543/. for Committee of Privy Council for Trade, &c .;

2, 908/. for Lord Privy Seal;

8, 744/. for Civil Service Commission;

19, 491/. for Paymaster General's Department;

4, 928/. for Department of Comp. Gen. of Exchequer;

31, 903/. for Office of Commissioners of Works, &c .;

28, 225/. for Office of Woods, Forests, &c .;

20, 651/. for Public Record Department and State Paper Office;

233, 810/. for Administration of Poor Laws;

55, 867/. for the Mint;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand eight hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-two thousand and fifteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand four hundred and twenty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand three hundred and six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-five thousand five hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, including the Office of the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, the Joint Stock Companies Registration Office, and the Designs Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand nine hundred and eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, and the Salaries and Expenses of his Establishment; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand seven hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for conducting the Business of the Civil Service Commission; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand four hundred and ninety-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, including the Branch Pay Office in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and twenty-eight. Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-one thousand nine hundred and three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand two hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand six hundred and fifty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Public Records, including the State Paper Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thirty-three thousand eight hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, 'for Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-five thousand

291

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

eight hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, of the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses of the Coinage; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand six hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, Fisheries, and Alkali Works; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand two hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Charges, formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and thirty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand six hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, including the temporary Allowances for the Architect and Secretary of the Board of Control of Lunatic Asylums; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand four hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-ffive, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand five hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand two hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Imprest Expenses of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars General of Births, &c. in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand one hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand

35, 647/. for Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c .;

6, 235/. for Civil Charges, &c., Scotland;

6, 434/. for Officers, &c. of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;

16, 695/. for Chief Secretary, &c.y Ireland;

3, 782/. for Inspection, &c. of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland;

23, 431/. for Office of Public Worits, Ireland;

35, 512/. for Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts;

19, 125/. for Copyhold, &c. Commission;

13, 290/. for Imprest Expenses, &c. of Copyhold, &c. Commission; 67, 955/. for General Register Office, London, Dublin, and Edinburgh;

15, 440/. for Salaries, &c., National Debt Office j

3, 795/. for Public Works Loan

Commissioners,

&c .;

7, 172/. for Lunacy Commission, England and Scotland;

1, 223*. for Superintendent of County Roads, South Wales; 2, 453*. for Registrars of Friendly Societies;

18, 823*. for Charity Commission;

6, 442*. for Salaries, &c. of Office under the Local Government Act, &c .;

2, 244*. for Salaries in Land Revenue Records and Inrolments, London, &c .;

1, 446*. for Quarantine Expenses;

32,000*. for Foreign and other Secret Services; 344, 165*. for Stationery, &c. for Public Departments;

136, 300*. for Postage of Letters on the Public Service.

Civil Sbbvicbs. Class 3.

There shall be issued 34, 115*. for Law Charges and Office of Solicitor to the Treasury, &c .;

194, 923*. for Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, &c .;

244, 050*. for Police in Counties and Boroughs, Ac .;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

eight hundred and sixty-five, for certain Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand four hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during tho Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand eight hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and forty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London under the Local Government Act, and for the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and forty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments in London, and of the Landed Estates Record Office in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and forty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred forty-four thousand one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, and for Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-six thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments,

Civil Services. — Class 3. (£2, 859, 945.)

20. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Law Charges, and for the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Office of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, including Prosecutions relating to Coin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety-four thousand nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Adjudications under the Criminal Justice Act, Sheriffs Expenses, Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers, and for Compensation to Clerks of the Peace under the same Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred forty-four thousand and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

and for Police in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Crown Office, Queen's Bench; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, and for the Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the First Commissioner of the late Insolvent Debtors Court, and of the Clerks and Officers of the said late Court now acting in the Court of Bankruptcy, and in the Offices connected therewith; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-three thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses connected with the County Courts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries- and Expenses of the Office of Land Registry; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand six hundred and thirty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Police Courts of the Metropolis; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-six thousand eight hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Metropolitan Police; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Annuities by way of Compensation falling due under the Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand one hundred and forty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Compensations and Retiring Annuities of certain Holders of abolished Offices under "The Bankruptcy Act, 1861;" and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General, Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand one hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Session in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand eight hundred and eleven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge

293

3, 188/. for Cro\m Office, Queen's Bench;

11, 700/. for Registrar, &c.of the Admiralty, and Admiralty Court, Dublin;

4, 358/. for Insolvent Debtors Court;

83, 580/. for Court of Probate, &c .;

152,000l. for County Courts;

4, 900/. for Office of Land Registry;

20, 633/. for Police Courts of the Metropolis;

146, 894/. for Metropolitan Police;

17, 850/. for Revising Barristers, England and W ales;

786/. for Annuities under Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act;

18, 143/. for Compensations, &c. under "The Bankruptcy Act, 1861

3, 577/. for Lord Advocate and Solicitor Gen., Scotland;

18, 174/. for Salaries, Court of Session, Scotland; 10, 811/. for Court of Justiciary ', Scotland;

4, 800/. for Criminal Prosecutions by Lord Advocate;

1, 680/. for the legal Branch of the Exchequer in Scotland j

35, 231/. for Criminal Pro* seditions, &c. in Scotland;

20, 105/. for Procurators Fiscal in Scotland;

14, 250/. for Sheriff Clerks, Scotland;

3,000l. for Expenses in Matters of Tithes, &c .;

16, 778/. for General Register House, Edinburgh;

1, 295/. for Department of Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh;

1, 472/. for Department of Accountant in Bankruptcy, Scotland;

61, 134/. for Criminal Prosecutions, &c., Ireland;

5, 717/. for Court of Chancery, Ireland;

10, 462/. for Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, &c., Ireland;

9,000l. for Salaries of Process Servers, Ireland;

5, 932/. for Registrars to Judges, &c., Ireland;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Criminal Prosecutions carried on under the Authority of the Lord Advocate; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand 6ix hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses' of the legal Branch of the Exchequer in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand two hundred and thirty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries, for the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Sheriff Courts in Scotland, and for Compensations to Sheriffs Commissary; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand one hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of such of the Procurators Fiscal in Scotland as are no longer paid by Fees; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of such of the Sheriff Clerks, Scotland, as are not chargeable on the Consolidated Fund; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salary of the Solicitor of the Crown, and Expenses in Matters of Tithes, and the Expenses of the Agent of the Officers of State in maintaining Rights of the Crown in Civil Actions, &c. in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the several Offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Accountant in Bankruptcy in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-one thousand one hundred and thirty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand seven hundred and seventeen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of certain Officers of the Court of Chancery in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Ireland, and for the Salaries of the Taxing Officers of the said Courts and their Clerk; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of Process Servers in Ireland; and any Sum or ' Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand nine hundred and thirty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Registrar of Nisi Prius

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73. 295

and of the Clerk of the Court of Errors in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 2, 200/. for exceeding Two thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in ^Seneschah^f course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Manor Courts, eight hundred and sixty-five, for Compensations to Seneschals and other Officers of Manor Ireland; Courts in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hun- 2, 360/. for dred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during gyration of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty- Judgments, five, for the Salaries and Expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments in Ireland; Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to defray i°°J- for Fees the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Hi^CourTof Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Fees to Advocates Delegates; appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates in Ireland; and any 6, 403/. for Sa-Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and three Pounds, coIfA^Bank to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on ruptcy, &c., the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries Ireland; of the Judges and Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency in Ireland, and the Compensations awarded under the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty; and any Sum or Sums of Money io, 65o/. for not exceeding Ten thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which 1>r0"

will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Ireland; March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Court of Probate in Ireland, and the Expenses of the said Court, and of the District Registries; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand eight hundred and nineteen 11, 819/. for Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ^ur^l^land* ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Landed Estates Court, Ireland; and any Sum or Sums 1J50Z. forCon-of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge *Office which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day Dublin of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Consolidated Office of Writs, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred 420/. for Revis-and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during DubniT-nSterS' the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Remuneration to Revising Barristers in the City of Dublin; and any Sum or 49,000l. for Sa-Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which ^ri*?of £olice will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March poiitan^*Fo\\ce- One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Police Justices and &c., Dublin; for the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred thirty-six thousand 736, 535/. for five hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of ^orc^lrdand* Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Constabulary Force in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of 2, 714/. for Four Money not exceeding Two thousand seven hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the pabiin. Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty- 8 u In»

first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea Prison, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand nine hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Inspection and general Superintendence all the Prisons and certified Reformatories and Industrial Schools in the United

18, 980/. for general Superintendence of Prisons, &c.

over

Kingdom; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred ninety thousand 390, 627/. for six hundred and twenty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course convict Esu of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight blisTments at hundred and sixty-five, for Government Prisons and Convict Establishments at home; home; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred eighty-eight thousand 288, 2861 for two hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Removal of eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, Reforma- Convicts;

tory

26, 380/. for Transportation of Convicts;

151, 783/. for Convict Establishments in the Colonies.

Civil Services. Class 4.

There shall be issued 705, 404/. for Public Education, Great Britain; 135, 582/. for Department of Science and Art, &c .;

316, 770/. for Public Education, Ireland;

805/. for Secretary, &c. of Commissioners of Education, Ireland;

5, 206/. for University of London j

19, 704/. for Scottish Universities j

2, 462/. for Queen's University, Ireland;

5, 400/. for Queen's Colleges, Ireland;

500/. for Royal Irish Academy;

600/. for National Gallery, Ireland;

2, 500/. for

Theological

Professors,

Retired

Allowances,

&c., Belfast;

92, 127/. for Salaries, &c., at British Museum, including Buildings, &c .;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

tory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums, and for the Expenses of the Removal of Convicts; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand three hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Transportation of Convicts, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred fifty-one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Convict Establishments in the Colonies.

Civil Services. — Class 4. (£1, 311, 620.)

21. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred and five thousand four hundred and four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Public Education in Great Britain; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and thirty-five thousand five hundred and eighty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the general Management of the Department of Science and Art, of the Schools throughout the Kingdom in connexion with the Department, and of the Geological Surveys of Great Britain and Ireland, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred sixteen thousand seven hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Public Education in Ireland, under the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salary of the Secretary and the Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand two hundred and six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the University of London; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand seven hundred and four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Grants to Scottish Universities; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Queen's University in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Queen's Colleges in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Royal Irish Academy; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Establishment and Expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Theological Professors and the incidental Expenses of the General Assembly's College at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-two thousand one hundred and twenty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses

297

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

of the British Museum Establishment, including the Expense of Buildings, Furniture, Fittings, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Formation of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons in British History; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand one hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Magnetic and Meteorological Observations, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for enabling the Royal Geographical Society to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for enabling the Royal Society to carry on certain Experiments for public Objects; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for enabling the Directors of the Royal Academy of Music to provide Accommodation for the Institution.

Civil Services. — Class 5. (£058, 357.)

22. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Indian Department in Canada; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand two hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies, and certain other Colonies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Allowances of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Island of Saint Helena; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Hope); and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceed-27 & 28 Vict. Q q ing

13, 876/, for Expenses, Pictures, &c. of the National Gallery;

1, 500/. for Gallery of Portraits of eminent Persons; 7, 184/. for Magnetic Observations abroad, &c .;

500/. for Royal

Geographical

Society;

1,000l. for Experiments by Royal Society;

500/. for Royal Academy of Music.

Civil Services.

Class 5.

4, 2001 for Civil Establishment, Bermudas;

4, 213/. for Ecclesiastical Establishment of British North America;

1,000l. for Indian Department, Canada;

24, 278/. for Salaries of West Indian and Colonial Governors; 7, 200/. for Stipendiary Justices in West Indies;

18, 355/. for Civil Establishments, West Coast of Africa;

4, 924/. for St. Helena;

700/. for Orange River ' Territory;

960/. for Heligoland;

5, 608/. for Falkland Islands;

5, 825/. for Labium;

300/. for Pitcairn's Islanders;

10, 720/. for Emigration Board and Officers;

37, 550/. for Treasury Chest;

12, 500/. for Expedition to Zambesi River;

2,000l. for Expedition to the Niger;

70,000l. for Bounties on Slaves, and Tonnage Bounties, &c .;

10, 650/. for Mixed Commissions for suppressing Slave Trade;

166, 503/. for Consular Establishments abroad;

99, 222/1 for Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam; 37,000l. for Extraordinary Disbursements of Embassies,

Scc. abroad; 30,000l.for Special Missions, Outfits, &c .;

4, 649/. for Salaries of Third Secretaries, Embassies, and Missions abroad;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Nine hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Heligoland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred and eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Falkland Islands; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand eight hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Labuan; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Pitcairn's Islanders in Norfolk Island; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand seven hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Emigration Board, and Emigration Officers at the different Ports of this Kingdom, and for certain Expenses connected with Emigration; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, on account of the Treasury Chest; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expedition to the Zambesi River; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expedition to the Niger under the Charge of Dr. Baikie; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Bounties on Slaves, and Tonnage Bounties, for Expenses incurred for the Support and Conveyance of Captured Negroes, and for other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and sixty-six thousand five hundred and three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Consular Establishments abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-nine thousand two hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Special Missions, Diplomatic Outfits, and Conveyance and Entertainment of Colonial Officers and others; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of the Third Secretaries at Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad.

Civil

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Civil Services. — Class6. (£347, 479.)

299

Civil Beevicjs. Class 6.

23. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shall applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-three thousand two ^3"^ for hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment Superannuation during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred Allowances and sixty-five, for Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly ^PabUc^ employed in the Public Service; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven Service; hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of 728/. for Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight Toulonese and hundred and sixty-five, for enabling Her Majesty to grant Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore 6 received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 325/. for the Three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course the

of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Support of "The Refuge for the Destitute;" and 2, 959/. for Po-any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine Refugees,

Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year '

ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Subsistence of Polish Refugees and Allowances to distressed Spaniards; and any Sum 54, 700/. for or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-four thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the ^raand Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first seamen, Mer-Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Pensions to Masters and chant Service, Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows and Children, under the Merchant *yfd^rand Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the children; Merchant Seamen's Fund; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four 34, 400*: for thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment distressed during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of. March One thousand eight hundred and a^dn. sixty-five, for the Relief of distressed British Seamen abroad; and any Sum or Sums of 3 607^ for Money not exceeding Three thousand six hundred and seven Pounds, to defray the Charge Miscellaneous which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of Allowances March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, &c., and for which no permanent Civil List, &c .; Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 2, 272/. for Two thousand two hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come p^uiSr-f in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One maries, Ireland; thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament to the Treasurers of Public Infirmaries in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of 2, 600/. for Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will ^HospM, come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March Dublin;

One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Hogpitaif^ " Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Rotunda Lying-in Dublin; Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, 200/. for to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Coombe DubUi^ Lying-in Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand 7, 6001 forHos-six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during Pj*181of House the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty- DublinT*7, five, for the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of 2, 500/. for Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which House of Rewill come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March p^i^ital One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Dublin; °8P1 ' Cork Street, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred 600/. for Meath Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year Hospital, and ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the m

Qq 2 Meath

100/. for St Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin; 1, 300/. for Dr. Steevens' Hospital, Dublin;

2451 for Board of Superintendence of Hospitals, Dublin;

8, G93/. for Charitable Allowances, &c .;

40, 670/. for Dissenting Ministers, Ireland.

Civil Services. Class 7.

There shall be issued 3, 750/. for Ecclesiastical Commissioners, England;

15, 224/. for sundry temporary Commissions;

30, 689/. for Fees, &c. under Patent Law Amend. Act;

15, 152/. for Board of Fisheries, Scotland;

2,000l. for Annuity to Board of Manufactures, Scotland;

53, 948/. for Payments of Difference of Dues payable under Treaties of Reciprocity; 3, 220/. for Inspectors of Corn Returns;

500/. for adjusting Boundaries of Counties, &c., Ireland;

G80/. for Engagements with Telegraph Companies;

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Meath Hospital and County Dublin Infirmary; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Doctor Steevens' Hospital, Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment difring the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand six hundred and ninety-three Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Non-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland.

Civil Services. — Class 7. (i?l 38, 620.)

24. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand two hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of temporary Commissions; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand six hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations payable under the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, on account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-three thousand nine hundred and forty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for Payments on account of the Difference of Dues payable by British or Foreign Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Salaries of Inspectors of Corn Returns and the Expenses defrayed by Counties for Corn Returns; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, and Parishes in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the

301

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for the Expense of the Telegraphic Cable laid down between Malta and Alexandria, and for fulfilling the Engagements entered into by Her Majesty's Government with Telegraph Companies; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand four hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, for certain Expenses formerly charged upon the Vote for Civil Contingencies.

25. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments, Appropriation, or Application directed to be made or satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

26. c Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the Powers vested in them by the Act Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-one, Section Twenty-c six, have authorized Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and c Military Services by the said Act, to be temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses which have ' arisen by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Department, for the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, c as follows:

1st, Four hundred ninety-nine thousand seven hundred and two Pounds Seven Shillings and Ninepence for Navy Services unprovided for in the Grants for Navy Services f for One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two — three, temporarily defrayed out ' of Surpluses, amounting to Eight hundred seventy thousand and one hundred Pounds, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Navy Services for the same Year:

2nd, Three hundred thirty-six thousand three hundred and nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eightpence for Army Services unprovided for in the Grants for Army Services f for One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two- — three, temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses, amounting to One million ninety-seven thousand seven hundred and twenty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Army Services for the same Year It is enacted that the Application of so much of the said Surpluses to cover the said Deficiencies is hereby sanctioned.

27. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act for Navy and Army Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sum of Ten million seven hundred eight thousand six hundred and fifty-one Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and in the Sum of Fourteen million eight hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-eight Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services: Provided always, that if a Necessity shall arise for incurring Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and Military Services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the Public Service to postpone until Provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual Course, the respective Departments shall forthwith make Application in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their Authority to defray temporarily such Expenditure out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Department, and in such Applications the Departments shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the Circumstances which may render such additional Expenditure necessary, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize the Expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon Votes within the same Department; and a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the said Commissioners to any Expenditure not provided for in the respective Votes aforesaid, accompanied by Copies of the Representations made to them by the said Departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons not later than One Month after the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure for Navy and

13, 457/. for Expenses formerly paid from Civil Contingencies.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Sanction for Navy and Army Expenditure for 1862-3 unprovided for.

Navy Deficiency, 499, 702/. 7s. 9d.

Navy Surplus, 870, 1001

Army Deficiency, 336, 309/. 15s. 8d.

Army Surplus, 1, 097, 725/. 12s.

Expenditure for Navy and Army Services respectively to be confined to the separate Services for which granted. Treasury may in certain Cases of Exigency authorize Expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate Grants for the Navy Services and for the Army Services respectively be not exceeded.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

for Army Services for the Year shall respectively have been rendered to the Commissioners of Audit, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled, in order that such Proceedings may be submitted for the Sanction of Parliament, and that Provision may be made for the Deficiencies upon the several Votes for the said Services in such Manner as Parliament shall determine: Provided also, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorize any Expenditure which may cause an Excess upon the aggregate Sum of Ten million seven hundred eight thousand six hundred and fifty-one Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and upon the Sum of Fourteen million eight hundred forty-four thousand and eighty-eight Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services.

28. And as to the Sum of Three hundred and seventeen thousand Pounds, being the observed in the Proportion of the Sum of Four hundred forty-nine thousand four hundred and seventy- the Vum ap-0 one Pounds by this Act appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which propriating is applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and Half Pay. declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a Reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary of State for War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which ne may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary of State for War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit

which

Rules to be

303

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary of State for War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be serving as an Adjutant in the Volunteer Force, or who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry, but that every such Adjutant shall receive the same on making and subscribing such Declaration as shall be specified in the Regulations made for the Volunteer Force, under the Provisions of the Volunteer Act, 1863, and every other Person shall receive the same according to the Provision of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Pier Majesty or any other Government since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury through the Secretary of State for War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

29. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

30. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have ' not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in (possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same ' were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of i Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from ' the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such ' former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in

Not to prevent the receiving or Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.

Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without taking and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

31. And as to the Sum of One hundred sixty-two thousand nine hundred and eighty-six Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf.

32. Any such Declaration as well as all Declarations for other Army and Navy non-effective Services shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of th& Peace, Notary Public, resident Parish Minister, or other Person now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

s. 12. s. 14.

Statement of the Supplies recited in the foregoing Act.

Supplemental Grants, 1863-4.

Army -

Civil Services, Class VII. (Redemption of Scheldt 1 st Moiety) -

409,000 3 75, 650

584, 650

Grants for 1864-5.

s. 11. Navy; viz. —

No.

1 Wages to Seamen and Marines -

2 Victuals and Clothing for ditto -

3 Admiralty Office -

4 Coast Guard Service, Royal Naval Coast Volunteers and Royal

Naval Reserve -

5 Scientific Branch -

6 Her Majesty's Establishments at home -

7 Her Majesty's Establishments abroad -

8 Wages to Artificers, &c. employed in Her Majesty's Establish-

ments at home -

9 Wages to Artificers, &c. employed in Her Majesty's Establish-

ments abroad -

10 Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet;

Steam Machinery; and Ships built by Contract:

Section I. Storekeeper General of the Navy -Section II. Controller of the Navy -

11 New Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Yards, &c.

12 Medicines and Medical Stores -

13 Miscellaneous Services -

(Effective Services)

2, 929, 913

1, 304, 119

168, 605

300, 718

71, 276

192, 574

37, 666

1, 275, 316

69, 205

1, 164, 100

882, 212

444, 298

64, 350

102, 320

9, 006, 672

6.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

s. 13.

Navy — cont.

No.

14 Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retired Pay to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines -

15 Military Pensions and Allowances -

16 Civil Pensions and Allowances -

(No nr effective Services)

17 Army Department (Conveyance sof Troops) -

Total Navy Services (Sect. 11.)

Army; viz. —

No.

1 General Staff and Regimental Pay, Allowances, and Charges -

2 Commissariat Establishment, Services, and Movement of Troops

3 Clothing Establishment, Services, and Supplies

Barrack Establishment, Services, and Supplies -

5 Divine Service -

6 Martial Law -

7 Medical Establishment, Services, and Supplies

8 Disembodied Militia -

9 Yeomanry -

10 Volunteers -

11 Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Force

12 Manufacturing Departments -

13 Warlike Stores

14 Superintending Establishment of, and Expenditure for, Works, \

Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad

15 Military Education -

16 Surveys of the United Kingdom

17 Miscellaneous Services.

18 Administration of the Army -

(Effective Services)

19 Rewards for Military Service -

20 Pay of General Officers -

21 Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers

22 Widows Pensions and Compassionate Allowances

23 Pensions and Allowances to wounded Officers -

24 Chelsea In-pensions -

25 Ditto Out-pensions -

26 Superannuation Allowances, &c.

27 Disembodied Militia .....

(Non-effi&ctive Services) -Total Army Services (Sect. J3.)

s. 17. Revenue Departments; viz. — -Vote No. 1. Customs -, 2. Inland Revenue

3. Post Office -

4. Superannuations, &c. of the Three Depart-

ments -

Total of Revenue Departments -

s. 17. Post Office Packet Service -

27 & 28 Vict. E r

703, 565

490, 201

193, 983

1, 387, 749

314, 230

5, 708, 983

1, 319, 047

596, 694

611, 165

45, 433

40, 549

262, 216

783, 783

87, 086

328, 260

49, 580

973, 031

572, 519

750, 870

173, 883

88, 345

123, 103

223, 384

12, 737, 931

26, 020

75, 400

449, 471

162, 986

29, 663

33, 260

1, 161, 812

136, 332

31, 213

2, 106, 157

305

10, 708, 651

14, 844, 088

771, 473

1, 313, 467

2, 114, 616

492, 536

4, 692, 092

860, 276

306

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 73.

Civil Services

viz. —

s. 18. Class L — Public Works and Buildings

1 Royal Palaces -

2 Public Buildings -

3 Furniture of Public Offices

4 Royal ParkB and Pleasure Gardens -

5 New Houses of Parliament

6 British Embassy Houses, Paris and Madrid

7 British Consulate and Embassy Houses, Constanti

nople -

8 New Foreign Office Buildings -

9 Industrial Museum, Edinburgh

10 Aberdeen University -

11 Probate Court Registries

12 General Register House, Edinburgh -

13 Public Record Repository

14 Westminster Bridge Approaches

15 New Westminster Bridge

16 Architectural Designs -

17 Nelson Column -

18 Harbours of Refuge -

19 Holyhead and Port Patrick Harbours, &c.

20 Public Buildings, Ireland

21 New Record Buildings, Dublin

22 National Gallery, Dublin

23 Lighthouses abroad ...

24 Sheriff Court Houses, Scotland -

25 Rates for Government Property

26 Land, &c. at Kensington Gore -

Total of Class I.

52, 258

107, 531

17, 300

97, 994

32, 144

1, 517

3, 201

75.000 6, 750 3, 355

9.574

1.574

26.000 20,000 10, 930

3, 260

4,000

96.000 57, 875 97, 452

18.000

1, 100

13, 703

17,000

27,000

53,000

2

3

4

5

6

7

8 9

s. 19. Class II. — Salaries and Expenses of Public Departments 1 Two Houses of Parliament, Offices Treasury .....

Home Office

Foreign Office -Colonial Office -Privy Council Office - Board of Trade, &c.

Privy Seal Office Civil Service Commission

10 Paymaster General's Office

11 Exchequer (London)

12 Office of Works and Public Buildings -

13 Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues

14 Public Record Office

15 Poor Law Commissions

16 Mint, including Coinage

17 Inspectors of Factories, Fisheries, &c.

18 Exchequer and other Offices in Scotland

19 Household of Lord Lieutenant, Ireland -

20 Chief Secretary, Ireland, Offices

21 Inspection, &c. of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland

22 Office of Public Works, Ireland -

23 Audit Office -

24 Copyhold, Tithe, and Inclosure Commission

25 Inclosure and Drainage Acts; Imprest Expenses

26 General Register Offices, England, Ireland, and

Scotland -

Agricultural and Emigration Statistics, Ireland -

69, 127

53, 147

26, 883

72, 015

81, 421

24, 806

65, 543

2, 908

8, 744

19, 491

4, 928

31, 903

28, 225

20, 651

233, 810

55, 867

35, 647

6, 285

6, 434

16, 695

8, 782

28, 431

35, 512

19, 125

13, 290

67, 955

853, 518

307

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Civil Services — cant.

No.

27 National Debt Office -

28 Public Works Loan Commission and West India

Belief Commission -

29 Lunacy Commissions -

30 Superintendent of Roads, South Wales

31 Registrars of Friendly Societies

32 Charity Commission -

33 Local Government Act Office, and Inspection of

Burial Grounds -

34 Landed Estates Record Offices -

35 Quarantine Expenses -

36 Secret Service -

37 Printing and Stationery -

38 Postage of Public Departments

Total of Class II.

s. 20. Class III. — Law and Justice:—

(England.)

1 Law Charges, England -

2 Criminal Prosecutions, Ac.

3 Police, Counties, and Boroughs, Great Britain

4 Crown Office, Queen's Bench -

5 Admiralty Court Registry -

6 Late Insolvent Debtors Court -

7 Probate Court -

8 County Courts - - «...

9 Land Registry Office -

10 Police Courts (Metropolis) -

11 Metropolitan Police -

12 Revising Barristers, England and Wales

13 Divorce Court Compensations -

14 Bankruptcy Court Compensations -

15, 440

3, 795

7, 172

1, 223

2, 453

18, 823

6, 442

2, 244

1, 446

32,000

344, 165

136, 300

1, 548, 578

34, 115

194, 928

244, 050

3, 188

11, 700

4, 358

83, 580

152,000

4, 900

20, 633

146, 894

17, 850

786

18, 143

(Scotland.)

15 Lord Advocate and Solicitor General, Salaries

16 Court of Session -

17 Court of Justiciary -

18 Prosecutions under the Lord Advocate -

19 Exchequer, Scotland, Legal Branch -

20 Sheriffs and Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries,

and Expenses of Prosecutions in Sheriff Courts

21 Procurators Fiscal, Salaries -

22 Sheriff Clerks -

23 Expenses in Matters of Tithes -

24 Register House, Edinburgh, Salaries and Expenses

of sundry Departments -

25 Commissary Clerk's Office -

26 Accountant in Bankruptcy -

3, 577

18, 174

10, 811

4, 800

1, 680

35, 231

20, 105

14, 250

3,000

16, 778

1, 295

1, 472

(Ireland.)

27 Law Charges and Criminal Prosecutions -

28 Court of Chancery -

29 Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and

Exchequer

30 Process Servers -

31 Registrars to the Judges, and Clerk of the Court of

Errors -

32 Manor Courts Compensations -

33 Registry of Judgments -

34 High Court of Delegates -

Rr 2

61, 134

5, 717

10, 462

9,000

5, 932

2, 200

2, 360

100

308

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 7a

Civil Services — cont.

No.

35 Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency

36 Court of Probate -

37 Landed Estates Court -

38 Consolidated Office of Writs -

39 Revising Barristers, Dublin -

40 Dublin Metropolitan Police and Police Justices

41 Constabulary of Ireland -

42 Four Courts Marshalsea Prison -

(Prison and Convict Services at home and abroad.)

43 Inspection and General Superintendence

Prisons and Convict Establishments at home

45 Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, &c.

and Removal of Convicts -

46 Transportation of Convicts -

47 Convict Establishments in the Colonies -

Total of Class HI.

6, 403

10, 650

11, 819

1, 150

420

49,000

736, 535

2, 714

18, 980 390, (&7

288, 286

26, 380

151, 783

- 2, 859, 945

s. 21, Class IV. — Education, Science, and Art: —

1 Public Education, Great Britain -

2 Science and Art Department -

3 Public Education, Ireland -

4 Commissioners of Education, Ireland (Office Expenses) -

5 University of London -

6 Universities, &c., in Scotland -

7 Queen's University in Ireland -

8 Queen's Colleges, Ireland -

9 Royal Irish Academy -

10 National Gallery of Ireland -

11 Belfast Theological Professors, &c.

12 British Museum -

13 National Gallery -

14 British Historical Portrait Gallery -

15 Scientific Works and Experiments

16 Royal Geographical Society -

17 Royal Society -

18 Royal Academy of Music -

Total of Class IV.

s. 22. Class V. — Colonial, Consular, and other Foreign Services: —

1 Bermudas -

2 Clergy, North America -

3 Indian Department, Canada -

4 Governors and others, West Indies, &c.

5 Justices, West Indies -

6 Western Coast of Africa

7 St. Helena -

8 Orange River Territory -

9 Heligoland -

10 Falkland Islands -

11 Labuan *- -

12 Pitcairn's Islanders -

13 Emigration -

14 Treasury Chest -

15 Zambesi Expedition -

16 Niger Expedition -

17 Captured Negroes, Bounties on Slaves, &c.

705, 404

135, 582

316*770

805

5, 206

19, 704

2, 462

5, 400

500

600

2.500 92, 127 13, 876

1.500 7, 184

500

1,000

500

- 1, 311, 620

4.200 4, 213 1,000

24, 278

7.200 18, 355

4, 924

700

960

5, 608

5, 825

300

10, 720

37, 550

12, 500

2,000

70,000

309

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73.

Civil Services — cont.

No.

18 Commissions for Suppression of Slave Trade

19 Consuls abroad

20 Services in China, Japan, and Siam -

21 Ministers at Foreign Courts Extraordinary Expenses

22 Special Missions, Outfits, &c.

23 Third Secretaries to Embassies < -

Total 6f Class V.

s. 23. Class VI. — Superannuations, &c., and Gratuities for Charitable Purposes, &c.: —

1 Superannuation and Retired Allowances

2 Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c., and

American Loyalists .....

3 Refuge for the Destitute -

4 Polish Refugees and Distressed Spaniards -

5 Merchant Seamen's Fund Pensions

6 Relief of Distressed British Seamen -

7 Miscellaneous Charges, formerly on Civil List

8 Public Infirmaries, Ireland -

9 Westmoreland Lock Hospital -

10 Rotunda Lying-in Hospital -

11 Coombe Lying-in Hospital -

12 House of Industry Hospitals -

13 Cork Street Fever Hospital -

14 Meath Hospital -

15 St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital -

16 Dr. Steevens's Hospital -

17 Board of Superintendence of Dublin Hospitals

18 Concordatum Fund, and other Charities and

Allowances, Ireland -

19 Non-conforming and other Ministers, Ireland

Total of Class VI.

s. 24. Class VII. — Miscellaneous, Special, and Temporary Objects: —

1 Ecclesiastical Commissioners -

2 Temporary Commissions -

3 Patent Law Expenses -

4 Fishery Board, Scotland -

5 Trustees of Manufactures, Scotland -

6 Local Dues on Shipping under Treaties of Reci-

procity -

7 Inspectors of Corn Returns -

8 Boundary Survey, Ireland -

9 Malta and Alexandria Telegraph, and Subsidies to

Telegraph Companies -

10 Miscellaneous Expenses formerly Civil Contingencies -

Total of Class VII. s. 16. Grant to Sir Rowland Hill, K.C.B.

10, 650

166, 503

99, 222

37.000

30.000 4, 649

183, 280

728

325

2, 959

54, 700

34, 400

3, 607

2, 272

2, 600

700

200

7, 600

2, 500

600

100

1, 300

245

8, 693

40, 670

3, 750

15, 224

30, 689

15, 152

2,000

53, 948

3, 220

500

680

13, 457

Total of Civil Services s. 15. Exchequer Bonds -

Total Supplies granted

1863- 4 (Suppl.) .£584, 650 "1

1864- 5 40, 343, 224 / '

558, 357

347, 479

138, 620

20,000

- 7, 638, 117

- 1, 600,000

£40, 927, 874

* 10 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 73, 74.

Ways and Means Granted to hare good the above Supplies.

Supplemental Amount granted per Act 27 Vict. c. 5. for the Service of the Year to 31st March 1864 - 584, 650

Amounts granted for the Service of the Year 1864-5:—

Per Act 27 Vict. c. 6. - 4, 500,000 -

Per Act 27 Vict. c. 11. - - 15,000,000 -

s. 9. Surplus Ways and Means of preceding Years (per

this Act) ..... - 3, 501, 410 4 2

s. 1. Balance (per this Act) ..... 17, 341, 813 15 10

---- 40, 343, 224

s. 10. Total Ways and Means granted ..... 40, 927, 874

Power to Treasury to raise 1, 600,000l. by Exchequer Bonds.

Interest on Bonds, and Repayment of Principal Money.

Treasury may cause Exchequer Bonds to be prepared and issued.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

[29th July 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Y\^E» Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or Times, but not later than the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bonds to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds, and such Bond shall bear such Interest as shall he determined by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be paid off at Par at the Expiration of any Period or Periods not exceeding Six Years from the Date of such Bonds.

2. The Interest on such Bonds shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof; and the Principal Monies secured by such Bonds shall be repaid out of such Money ns shall be provided by Parliament in that Behalf.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, cause or direct the "Exchequer Bonds to be issued under the Authority of this Act to be prepared for such Principal Sums, not less in any Case than One hundred Pounds, together with Receipts or Certificates specifying the Interest from Time to Time accruing thereon, to be made out in such Manner and Form and bearing such Date as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners; and such Exchequer Bonds and the Interest accruing

thereon

2 r& 28° VICTORIA c. 74. 311

thereon respectively shall be transferable by the Delivery of such Bonds, and of the Receipts or Certificates for such Interest thereon respectively; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, subject to the Provisions herein contained, prescribe and regulate how and by what Officer or Officers such Exchequer Bonds shall be signed or otherwise authenticated, and provide for the Manner of Payment of the Interest accruing thereon, and also for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of any such Bonds worn or defaced which may be delivered up to be cancelled, and for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of such Exchequer Bonds as may be lost, at such Times, upon such Securities, and under such Conditions and Precautions as they may think fit, and generally make such Regulations for the Safety and Convenience of the Holders of such Bonds, and the Payment of Interest upon the Production or Delivery of such Receipts or Certificates, or otherwise, as they may think fit; and the said Commissioners may, by such Regulations as aforesaid, provide, if they shall see fit, for the Registration of any such Bonds as may be delivered up by the Holders thereof for that Purpose, and for the Delivery of Certificates of such Registration in lieu thereof, which shall be transferable by Entries in a Register which may be provided for that Purpose in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners may see fit, and every such Warrant shall from Time to Time be published in the London Gazette.

4. The several Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Nineteen of the Act of the clauses 16, 17,

Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty- ?nd l*o(

three, shall apply and be construed to and in relation to the Exchequer Bonds to be \ 23

prepared under the Authority of this Act, in like Manner as if such several Sections had to Exchequer

been repeated and re-enacted in this Act. Bonds prepared

x under this Act

6. All such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bonds to be made out in Money raised pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the *> be paid to Bank of England, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the datedFund." United Kingdom.

6. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct the Comptroller General Exchequer of the Exchequer from Time to Time to deliver such Amount of Exchequer Bonds made ^lirer^to1* out in pursuance of this Act as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit, persons autho-not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds, to such rized by the Person or Officer as may be named in any Warrant to be issued by the said Commissioners Treasury* for such Purpose, and such Person or Officer shall thereafter become chargeable and be charged with such Amount of Exchequer Bonds as may be delivered to him, subject to such Directions as may be issued to bim by the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, and such Person or Officer shall be discharged from all Account in respect of such Exchequer Bonds on proving to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts that he has duly obeyed the Directions of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not be authorized to direct the Issue of such Exchequer Bonds to such Person or Officer except for the Purpose of raising Money to be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England as aforesaid.

7. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance Bank of Eng-or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bonds to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum iyeoo, <ml. on of One million six hundred thousand Pounds (anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and the Credit of Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding); and also for the of National Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to invest, in the Purchase of Debt may Exchequer Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act, any Money in theif Hands on

account of Saving* Banks. Sav^Ba^ka

in Purchase of Bonds.

Extension of Provisions of 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 50. as to Steam-engines to Turnpike Koads

Continuation of Acta, except

3 G. 4, c. lxii. (in part).

6 G. 4. c. xliv.

6 G. 4. c. lxxxviL

2 W. 4. c. xxi.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 75.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to certain Nuisances on Turnpike Roads, and to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Nuisances on Turnpike c Roads, and to continue for limited Times the Acts herein-after specified:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Whereas by the General Act for the Regulation of Highways, passed in the Session f of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, c Section Seventy, it is, amongst other things, provided that it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect or cause to be erected any Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Machine, or ' any Machinery attached thereto, within the Distance of Twenty-five Yards from any Part

of any Carriageway or Cartway, unless such Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Engine or s Machinery be within some House or other Building, or behind some Wall or Fence,

sufficient to conceal or screen the same from the said Carriageway or Cartway, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers, Horses, or Cattle, and a continuing Penalty of

Five Pounds a Day is imposed for any Contravention of the said Provision: And whereas it is expedient that a like Provision should be made with respect to Turnpike Roads Be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to erect or cause to be erected, or to use, any Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Machine, within the Distance of Twenty-five Yards from any Part of any Turnpike Road, unless such Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Engine shall be within some House or other Building, or behind some Wall, Fence, or Screen sufficient to conceal or screen the same from the said Road, so that the same may not be dangerous to Passengers, Horses, or Cattle; and in case any Person shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during any Part of which such Steam Engine, Gin, or Engine shall be permitted to continue, contrary to the Provisions of this Act; which said Penalties shall be levied, recovered, and applied in each and the same Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for any other Offence on any Turnpike Road may be levied, recovered, and applied; but no Penalty shall be incurred under this Section in respect of any Locomotive Engine travelling according to Law on any public Railway, Turnpike Road, or other Highway.

2. The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime continues the same; but every other Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two," for amending and keeping in repair the Road from the Turnpike Gate at the Bottom of White Street Hill in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House in the Parish of Nether " otherwise Lower Compton in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads communicating therewith," so far as the same relates to the Shaftesbury Division of Road; an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-four, "for making and " maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brighouse in the Parish of Halifax to Denholme Gate " in the Parish of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York;" an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-seven, "for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Peter afield to the " Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near Ropley in the County of Southampton, and for " making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewithan Act of the Second Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-one, u for more effectually

" repairing

313

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 75.

" repairing the Road from Downham Market to Barton and to a Place called the Devils " Ditch, all in the County of Norfolkan Act of the same Year, Chapter Sixty-two, 2 W. 4. c. lxii. <c for more effectually repairing the Road from Ightham in the County of Kent to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone in the said County and an Act of the 18 & 19 Vict. Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-; cxxx-six," to repeal the Acts passed for repairing the Road from Hedon, through Preston nnd part' *

" Bilton, to HuU, and other Roads in the County of York, and to make other Provisions in " lieu thereof," so for as the same relates to the Second District.

3. The Act of the Third and Fourth Years of William the Fourth, Chapter One 3 & 4 W. 4.

hundred, intituled An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the Road from Jinue^fweo Kentish Town to Upper Holloway in the County of Middlesex, shall continue in force till till Aog. 4, the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and no longer. 1865.

[Short Title.]

4. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1864."

SCHEDULE.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Cross Hands on the Worcester and Oxford 57 G. 3. c, v. Turnpike Road to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick, and Worcester.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repair- 1 g. 4. c. v. ing the Road from Buildwas Bridge, to join the Watling Street Road at Tern Bridge in the County of Salop.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of 3 G. 4. c. xi. the several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Bars at.Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thenoe to Newport in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relate to the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for diverting a certain Part of the Road comprised within the said District.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from 4 G. 4. c. lxii. Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads leading from the Town of Newent in 5 G. 4. c. xL the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Worcester Turnpike Road in the Village 5 G. 4. c. xxviii. of Broadway in the County of Worcester to the Stratford-upon-Avon Turnpike Road in the Village of Mickleton in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for more effectually amending the Roads from Whitchurch in the County of 5 G. 4. c.xxxii. Salop to that Part of the Road leading from Nantwich in the County of Chester to New-castle-under-Lyne in the County of Stafford which passes through the Township of Madeley in the said County of Stafford, and also from Hinstock in the said County of Salop to Nantwich aforesaid.

An Act for repairing the Lower Road from Greenwich to Woolwich in the County 5 G. 4. c. lvi. of Kent.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Road leading from Pengate in the Parish 7 G. 4. c. xv. of Westbury to a Place formerly called Price's Warren Gate, at Tinhead in the Parish of Edington in the County of Wilts, and other Roads near or adjoining the said Roads, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place 7 G. 4. in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gosbertown to the Eighth c*lxxxv-Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the Counties of 7 G.4. c. cxxv. Kent and Surrey, commonly called the New Cross Turnpike Roads.

27 & 28 Vicx. S s An

314

7fc 8 G.4. c. vii.

9 G. 4. c. cviii.

10 G. 4. c.xciii.

11 G. 4. c. ii. 11 G. 4. c. vii.

11 G. 4. c. xxi.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxiii.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxvi.

11 G . 4. c. xcix.

1 W. 4. c. viii.

2 W. 4. c. iv.

2 W. 4. c. v.

2 W. 4. c. lxiv.

2 & 3 W. 4. c. cix.

3 4. c. vi.

3 W. 4. c. xi.

3 W. 4. c. xxiv. 3W. 4. C. xliv. 3 W. 4. c. liii.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 75.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the North-west Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettleham Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North-east Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County and in the City of Lincoln.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoaks Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and, maintaining a new Road from Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorset.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for more effectually improving tho Roads to and from the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, through Kirkby and Pinxton, to Carter Lane, and to the Colliery near Pinxtou Green, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the Road from the West Cowgate, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for amending an Act of the last Session, intituled " An Act for more effectually " repairing and improving several Roads which lead to and through the Town and Borough " of Chard in the County of Somerset, and for making and maintaining a new Road from " Chard to Drempton in the County of Dorsetand for making and maintaining other Roads communicating with the said Roads in the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and Dorset.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dartford to Sevenoaks in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Hardingston to Old Stratford in the County of Northampton.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Parish of Cann Saint Rumbold, near Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, through Cranbourne Chase and the New Forest, to the Bell Inn at Brook in the Parish of Bramshaw in the County of Southampton, together with Two Branches therefrom.

An Act for maintaining certain Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Towns of Beverley, of Kingston-upon-Hull, and of North Cave, called the Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave Turnpike Roads.

An Act for repairing the Road from Reedy Gate in the Parish of Dunsford, through Moretonhampstead, to Cherry Brook in the Forest of Dartmoore in the County of Devon.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Swell Wold to the Turnpike Road leading from Tewkesbury to Stow, and from Cheltenham to Sedgborough, and from Winch-comb to the said Turnpike Road from Tewkesbury to Stow, and also for making a new Branch from the said Road in Winchcomb to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to London at Andoversford in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bicester in the County of Oxford to Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill to Lindfield, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Stone Street, Hatch, at Ockley in the County of Surrey, to Warnham in the County of Sussex.

An

27° & 28° VICTORIA c. 75, 76. 315

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Canal Bridge in Hurdsfield in 3 W. 4. c. lix. the County of Chester to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel-in-the-Frith in the same County.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road between the Towns of Ross and Aberga- 3 W. 4. c. lxi. yenny, by Broad Oak and Skenfrith, and certain Roads connected therewith, leading to Grosmont and other Places, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties of Hereford and Monmouth.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the 3 W. 4.

County of Derby to the High Moors in the Parish of Brampton in the said County. c.lxxxviii.

An Act for improving the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the 3W. 4. c. xcix. Watling Street Road in the County of Salop.

An Act to extend, alter, and amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the 2 Vict c. xiv. Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

An Act to alter some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the 5 Vict c. xlv.

Reign of King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the

Counties of Kent and Surrey.

An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the Parishes of Bermondsey, 6 & 7 Vict. Rotherhithe, and Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford, and for making several new c* cviii-Roads connected therewith, all in the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from a certain Point in the Kennington Road in 13lxx^ Vict# the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to Highgate in the County of c' xxxv* Sussex, and thence to Witchcross in the same County, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to make valid defective Registration of Deeds in certain Cases, and to substitute Stamps in lieu of the Fees now payable on Proceedings in the Registrar of Deeds Office in Ireland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign (" of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, 6 Anne, c. 2.

and Wills that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- (O

mentSy a Public Register Office was established in the City of Dublin, and by other

Acts of Parliament made in Ireland, and by certain Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom, various Provisions have from Time to Time been made in respect of such

Register Office: And whereas the Requirements of said Acts respecting the Memorials of Deeds lodged for Registry have in many Cases not been strictly complied with, and Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the Registration of those Deeds: And whereas by (an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled

An Act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland, 2 & 3 W. 4.

f certain Fees were made payable for and in respect of the several Proceedings in said c* 87 *

Office as contained in a Schedule to said Act annexed: And whereas it is expedient to

substitute Stamps for the Fees so paid:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. If it shall appear that the Registration of any Assurance registered prior to the Defective passing of this Act is defective by reason of the Memorial thereof not being written on Vellum or Parchment, or not being directed to the Registrar, or not being attested by Two Oases!

Witnesses, or not stating the Day of the Month and Year when such Assurance bears

316 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Date, or the Names and Additions of all the Witnesses to such Assurance, or the Abodes of the Witnesses to such Memorial, or by reason of any formal Omission or Defect in the Affidavit of the Witness proving the signing and sealing of such Memorial, the Execution of the Assurance mentioned in such Memorial, or not stating the Day and Time of the Delivery of such Memorial to the Registrar, then and in every suen Case the Registration of any such Assurance, without any Amendment or further Registry, shall be as good and valid as the same would have been if there had been no such Defect in the Registration thereof.

Certain Cases 2. Provided always, That where the Registration of an Assurance shall, before the in which defec- passing of this Act, have been pronounced by competent Authority wholly invalid, such tion sh^not eg^tration shall not be rendered valid by this Act; and where the Registration of any be made valid Assurance shall, before the passing of this Act, have been pronounced by competent

by this Act. Authority invalid as to some only of the Parties thereto, or as to some only of the Lands

therein comprised, such Registration shall not be rendered valid by this Act, so far as the same shall have been pronounced invalid; and where any Person who would have been barred by any Assurance, if well registered, shall, before the passing of this Act, have had any Dealings with the Lands comprised in such Assurance on the Faith of the Registration of the came being invalid, such Registration shall not be rendered valid by this Act; and this Act shall not render valid the Registration of any Assurance as to the Lands of which any Person shall, at the Time of the passing of this Act, be in possession, in respect of any Estate which such Assurance, if well registered, would have

defeated; nor shall this Act prejudice or affect any Proceedings at Law or in Equity

at the Time of the passing of this Act, in which the Validity of the Registration of any Assurance shall be in question between the Party claiming under such Assurance and the Party claiming adversely thereto, and the Registration of such Assurance, if the Result of such Proceedings shall be to invalidate the same, shall not be rendered valid by this Act; and if such Proceedings shall abate or become defective in consequence of the Death of the Party claiming under or adversely to such Assurance, any Person who, but for this Act, would have a Right of Action or Suit by reason of the Invalidity of the Registration of 8uoh Assurance, shall retain such Right, so that he commence Proceedings within Six Calendar Months after the Death of such Party.

Stamp Duties 3. From and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-Substituted for five none of the Fees authorized and made payable under and by virtue of the said Act Fees* passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter

Eighty-seven, and of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, or otherwise payable in the Office of the Registrar of Deeds, shall be received in Money, but the same shall be received by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which otherwise would be payable, such Stamp to be affixed to or impressed on the respective Documents* or upon the Requisition for any such Proceedings respectively; and the Stamp Duty now payable to Her Majesty upon Memorials of Deeds lodged for the Purpose of Registration, on Searches or Requisitions for Searches, or upon attested Copies and Abstracts of Memorials, shall be received by means of Stamps denoting the Amount of such Duties, which shall be affixed to or impressed on such Documents respectively: Provided always, that the Registrar of Deeds may, by Order in Writing, direct that any Fees which cannot, in his Opinion, conveniently be collected by Stamps be received in Money, and a Memorandum stating the Amount of such Fees, and the Date of Payment thereof, shall be entered on the Deed to be registered, and the Registration of such Deed shall date from such Entry.

Adhesive 4. Whenever an adhesive Stamp shall be used on any Document to denote the Payment

un^rtwTict Duty un(^er the Provisions of this Act, the Officer of the Registry of Deeds Office to be properly who shall receive the Document so stamped, and also the Person who shall present the cancelled. same, shall cancel the same by writing their respective Names across the said Stamp, so

that the Stamp may be appropriated to the Instrument and .be effectually cancelled, and rendered incapable of being used again.

5. The

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 76.

5w The Fees to be collected by means of Stamps under the Provisions of this Act shall be deemed " Stamp Duties," and shall be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be collected and paid into the Exchequer under the same Laws and Regulations as those made in respect of the other Duties of " Stamps and the Provisions in the several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care or Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, be of full Force and Effect with respect to all Stamps to be provided under or by virtue of this Act, and to the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on or to which the same Stamps shall be impressed or affixed, and be applied and put in execution for collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted thereby, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Provisions had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the same and the said Sums of Money respectively; but a separate and distinct Account of all Money received in respect of the said Fees, and of the Stamps to be affixed in lieu of the Fees heretofore payable in the said Office, for every Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Termination of such Year of Accounts, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

6. No Document which under this Act ought to have a Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto shall be received or filed or be used in relation to any Proceedings in the Registry of Deeds Office or be of any Validity for any Purpose whatsoever, unless or until the same shall have the proper Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto: Provided, that if at any Time it shall appear that any such Document has, through Mistake or Inadvertence, been received or filed or used without having such Stamp impressed thereon or affixed thereto, it shall be lawful for the Registrar of Deeds, if he think fit, to order in Writing that such Stamp shall be impressed thereon or affixed thereto, and thereupon when a Stamp shall have been impressed on such Document or affixed thereto in compliance with any such Order in Writing, such Document, and every Proceeding in reference thereto, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Stamp had been impressed thereon or affixed thereto in the first instance *

7. If any Officer of the Registry of Deeds Office, or any other Person employed in the Performance of any of the Matters aforesaid, shall do or commit or connive at any fraudulent Act or Practice in relation to any Stamp to be used under the Provisions of this Act, or to any Stamp Duty or Fee or Sum of Money to be collected or which ought to be collected by means of any such Stamp, or if any such Officer or Person shall be guilty of any wilful Act, Neglect, or Omission whereby any Stamp Duty, Fee, or Money which ought to be collected by means of a Stamp under this Act shall be lost, or the Payment thereof evaded, every such Officer or Person so offending shall be subject to be dismissed from his Office or Employment.

8. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of such Monies as may be provided and appropriated by Parliament for the Purpose, to cause to be paid all Salaries payable to the Registrars, Clerks, and Officers employed in the Office of the Registrar of Deeds, Wills, and so forth in Ireland, and all other necessary Expenses of the said Office.

9. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

317

Fees collected by means of Stamps under this Act to be deemed Stamp Duties.

Document to be used under this Act to bear the proper Stamp.

Officers guilty of Fraud or wilful Neglect, &c. subject to Dismissal.

Salaries to be paid out of Estimates.

Act for Ireland only.

20 Vict. c. 4. repealed.

Nothing to invalidate Commissions.

Holders of such Commissions may receive Promotion.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 86. repealed.

Marriages contracted in the Ionian Islands before passing of the last-named Act to be valid.

Marriages contracted under repealed Act or Ionian Law to be valid.

Copy of Marriage Registry to be Evidence.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 77.

CAP. LXXVIX.

An Act to repeal and in part to re-enact certain Acts of Parliament relating to the Ionian States, and to establish the Validity of certain Things done in the said States. # [29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS in consequence of the Relinquishment by Her Majesty of Her Majesty's c Protectorate over the United States of the Ionian Islands, it has been expedient to ' repeal certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said States, and to make Provision respecting certain Matters and Things done therein:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. An Act of Parliament passed in the Twentieth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Pour, intituled An Act to enable the Subjects of the Ionian States to hold Military and Naval Commissions under the Crown, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

2. Nothing herein contained shall invalidate any Commission heretofore granted under Authority of the said Act.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to grant to the Holder of any such Commission such further Commission or Commissions to serve as Officer in Her Majesty's Forces, by Land or by Sea, other than the respective Militias of England, Scotland, and Ireland, as to Her Majesty shall from Time to Time seem fit; and all the aforesaid Commissions, and the Service thereunder, shall be as lawful as if the Holders thereof were natural-born Subjects of Her Majesty.

4. An Act of Parliament of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-six, intituled An Act to make Provision respecting the Marriages of British Subjects in the Ionian Islands, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

5. All Marriages between Subjects of Her Majesty, or to which any such Subject shall have been Party, contracted in the said Islands before the passing of the said last-recited Act, under Authority of any Warrant, Licence, or other written Permission of the Lord High Commissioner of the said Islands, at whatever Hour, in whatever Place, or by whatever Ceremony the same may have been solemnized, shall be deemed to have been as valid in Law, and shall be cognizable in like Manner, as if the same had been solemnized within Her Majesty's Dominions with a due Observance of all Forms required by the Law: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not extend to render valid any Marriage which before the passing of the said Act had been declared invalid by any Court of competent Jurisdiction, or any Right dependent on the Validity or Invalidity thereof, or any Marriage where either of the Parties has afterwards during the Life of the other lawfully intermarried with any other Person.

6. Nothing herein or in the said Act contained shall be construed to render invalid any Marriage heretofore solemnized within the said Islands which Marriage was valid according to the Laws of the said Islands, nor shall any Marriage solemnized under Authority of the said Act be invalidated by the Repeal of the same.

And whereas it was provided by the said Act that a Certificate of every Marriage

solemnized under the Provisions thereof should be signed in Triplicate in manner therein ' mentioned, and that Two Copies of such Certificate should be transmitted to the Lord High Commissioner, and should be registered in such Manner as he should appoint:' Be it further enacted as follows: —

7. A Copy of such Registry purporting to be certified under the Signature and Official Seal of the Secretary of the Lord High Commissioner shall be received as Evidence in the Law of the Marriage to which it relates, without Proof of such Signature or Seal being the Signature or Seal of such Secretary, or of the Official Character of such Secretary.

8. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 77.

8. The Register Book kept by the Lord High Commissioner shall be transmitted to the Registrar General.

9. The Registrar General shall cause an Index of all the Entries in the said Register Book to be made and kept in the General Register Office; and every Person shall be entitled, on Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned, to search the said Index, between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon of every Day except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry in the Register Book, and for every Search of the said Index shall be paid the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Registrar General, or such other Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose on his Account, in addition to the Stamp Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifteen.

10. The Registrar General shall cause to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the General Register Office all such certified Copies of Marriage Entries given in the said Office; and such Copy stamped with the Seal of the said Register Office shall be received as Evidence of the Marriage to which the same relates, without any further or other Proof of such Entry; and no certified Copy, purporting to be given in the said Office, shall be of any Force or Effect which is not sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

11. If any Marriage shall have been had under the Provisions of the last-recited Act by means of any wilfully false Notice, Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration made by either Party to such Marriage as to any Matter in respect to which a Notice, Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration is required by the said Act, or by any Regulations made by the Lord High Commissioner under Authority of the said Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General to sue for the Forfeiture of all Estate and Interest in any Property accruing to the offending Party by such Marriage, and the Proceedings thereupon and the Consequences thereof shall be the same as are provided by Law in the like Case with regard to Marriages solemnized by Licence in England according to the Rites of the Church of England.

12. Any Person who, for the Purpose of procuring, preventing, or delaying any Marriage, shall knowingly and wilfully have made or signed any false Oath, Affirmation, Declaration, or Notice authorized or required by the said Act, or by any such Regulations as aforesaid, shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury; and any Person who shall forge or counterfeit any such Signature or Seal as in the Seventh Section of this Act is mentioned, or shall tender in Evidence any such Copy as in the said Section is mentioned with a false or counterfeit Seal or Signature thereto, knowing the same to be false or Counterfeit, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Penal Servitude for the Term of Four Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year; and any such Offender as aforesaid may be tried in any County or Place in the United Kingdom, in the same Manner, and be dealt with in all respects, as if the Offence had been committed in such County or Place.

And whereas during the Continuance of Her Majesty's Protectorate over the said United States divers Oaths, Affidavits, and Affirmations have been made, and divers Notarial Acts done, before or by the Secretary and Residents of the Lord High Commissioner of the said States: And whereas Doubt6 are entertained respecting the

Sufficiency or Validity of the said Oaths, Affidavits, Affirmations, and Notarial Acts;

and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; Be it further enacted as Follows:

13. Every such Secretary or Resident as aforesaid shall be deemed to have had during the Tenure of his Office full Power and Authority to administer to any Person whomsoever in the said States any Oath or to take any Affidavit or Affirmation from any such Person, and also to do and perform in the said States all and every Notarial Acts or Act which any Notary Public is by Law empowered to do within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and every such Oath, Affidavit, or Affirmation, and every such Notarial Act,

administered.

319

Register Book to be sent to Registrar General.

Copies to be kept by Registrar General, who shall allow Searches to be made, and give certified Copies.

Such Copies to be Evidence.

As to Marriages procured by false Notices, Declarations, &c.

[Penalty.]

False Notice, &c. punishable as Perjury.

Acte of

Secretaries and Residents to be valid.

Affidavits may be used in Courts in the United Kingdom.

Documents to be admitted in Evidence without Proof of Signature.

Persons forging Signature guilty of Felony.

Interpretation of certain Terms.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 77, 78.

administered, sworn, affirmed, or done by or before such Secretary or Resident, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall be of like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Oath, Affidavit, or Affirmation, or Notarial Act respectively, had been administered, sworn, affirmed, or done by or before any Justice of the Peace or Notary Public in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or by or before any other legal or competent Authority of the like Nature.

14* Affidavits or Affirmations so taken as aforesaid shall and may be received, read, and made use of in and before any Court of Law or Equity or other Judicature whatever in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any Consular Court of Her Majesty, and the Judges and Officers thereof, in or in relation to any Action, Suit, Cause, Matter, or Proceeding in or before any such Court or Judicature, in like Manner, and shall be of the same Force and Effect, as Affidavits and Affirmations taken in or before such Court or Judicature, or by any Person duly commissioned or authorized by such Court or Judicature to take such Affidavits or Affirmations, and shall be filed and dealt with accordingly.

15. Any Document purporting to have subscribed thereto the Signature of any such Secretary or Resident, in testimony of any such Oath, Affidavit, Affirmation, or Act having been administered, sworn, affirmed, had, or done by or before him, shall be admitted in Evidence, without Proof of any such Signature being the Signature of such Secretary or Resident, or of the official Character of such Secretary or Resident.

16. If any Person shall forge any such Signature as last aforesaid, or shall tender in Evidence any such Document as aforesaid with a counterfeit Signature thereto, knowing the same to be counterfeit, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall upon Conviction be liable to Penal Servitude for the Term of Four Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Years nor less than One Year; and whenever any such Document has been admitted in Evidence by virtue of this Act, the Court or the Person who has admitted the same may, at the Request of any Party against whom the same is so admitted in Evidence, direct that the same shall be impounded and be kept in the Custody of some Officer of the Court or other proper Person for such Period, and subject to such Conditions, as to the said Court or Person shall seem meet; and every Person charged with committing any such Felony as last aforesaid may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted, sentenced, and his Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed, in the County, District, or Place in which he may be apprehended or be in Custody; and every Accessory before or after the Fact to any such Offence may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and, if convicted, sentenced, and his Offence laid and charged to have been committed, in any County, District, or Place in which the principal Offender may be tried.

17. The Terms "Lord High Commissioner," " Secretary to the Lord High Commissioner," and " Resident of the Lord High Commissioner," shall in the Construction of this Act include respectively any Person lawfully acting in any of the above Capacities.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for impressing by Machinery Signatures of Names on Bank Notes and certain Buis of the Bank of Ireland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Name or Names of the Person or Persons for the Time being authorized by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to sign Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange on behalf of the said Governor f and Company should be impressed by Machinery upon such Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills,

and Bank Bills of Exchange, in such Form as may from Time to Time be adopted by the said Governor and Company, instead of being subscribed in the Handwriting of such Person

321

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 78, 79.

or Persons respectively: And whereas it is expedient to remove Doubts which might arise ' respecting the Validity of such Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That from and after the passing of this Act all Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange of the said Governor and Company whereon the Name or Names of any Person or Persons authorized to sign such Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange, on behalf of the said Governor and Company, may be impressed by Machinery, in such Form as may from Time to Time be adopted by the said Governor and Company, and with the Authority of the same, shall be and be taken to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if such Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange had been subscribed in the proper Handwriting of the Person or Persons authorized by the said Governor and Company to sign the same respectively, and shall be deemed and taken to be Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange within the Meaning of all Laws and Statutes whatsoever, and shall and may be described as Bank Notes, Bank Post Bills, and Bank Bills of Exchange in all Indictments and other Criminal and Civil Proceedings whatsoever, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain

Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," herein-after referred to as the Principal ' Act, Power is given to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to make Provisional Orders for reducing the Rate of Interest and for extinguishing the Arrears of Interest on Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the Revenues of Turnpike Roads, in f Cases where such Revenues are insufficient for the Payment in full of the Interest charged thereon: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth ' Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-six, the Principal Act is extended

to Turnpike Roads, the Acts relating to which are continued by any Annual Turnpike Acts i Continuance Act, although their Revenues are not insufficient for such Payments as aforesaid: And whereas, in pursuance of the Principal Act, and the said Act extending the same, the several Provisional Orders referred to in the Schedule hereto have been made by ' Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and there are stated ' in the said Schedule the Dates of such Orders, and such Particulars relating thereto as are therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be

confirmed and made absolute Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Provisional Orders, the Dates of which are set forth in the First Column of the said Schedule, are hereby confirmed, and the Provisions thereof shall be of the like Force and Effect as if they had been expressly enacted by Parliament.

27 & 28 Vict.

Tt

Power to impress Names on Bank Notes, &c. by Machinery.

14 & 15 Vict c. 38.

24 & 25 Vict C. 46.

Provisional Orders confirmed.

SCHEDULE.

Date of

Provisional

Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt

Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced -Rate of Interest to commenoe.

1863.]1 Aug.

11 Sept.

28 Sept.

30 Sept.

12 Oct.

6 Geo. 4. c. 13., i(An Act for repairing " the Road from Stockton to Barnard " Castle in the County of Durham " -

57 Geo. 3. c. 3.," An Act for continuing " the Term and enlarging the Powers " of Two Acts of the Seventeenth " and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the " Roads from Hendeld to Bright- helmstone and from Poyning's " Common to High Cross in the " County of Sussex, and for repealing " so much of the said Acts as relates " to certain Parts of the said Roads "

11 Geo. 4. c. 38., "An Act for maintaining the Road from Haverhill in the County of Suffolk to Redcross " in the Parish of Great Shelford in the County of Cambridge " -

3 Geo. 4. c. 62.," An Act for amending " and keeping in repair the Road " from the Turnpike Gate at the " Bottom of White Street Hill in the " Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew " in the County of Wilts, through " the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne " Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties " of Dorset and Somerset, to the " Halfway House in the Parish of " Nether otherwise Lower Compton " in the said County of Dorset, and " several other Roads communicating " therewith," so far as the same relates to the Sherborne Division of Road -

3 Geo. 4. c. 65.," An Act to repeal " several Acts passed for repairing " several Roads leading to the Town " of Bridgewater in the County of " Somerset, and several other Roads " therein mentioned, so far as the " said Acts relate to the Roads " leading to the said Town, and to u consolidate and comprise the same " in One Act of Parliament " -

£ s. cL

1, 405 0 0

3, 134 10 0

31. per Cent.

1/. per Cent.

1, 120 0 0

>3, 200 0 0

4/. per Cent.

4/. per Cent.

3, 060 0 0 ' 2, 627 10 0

4/. per Cent.

81 Dec. 1863.

31 Dec. 1862.

5 April 1864.

31 Dec. 1863.

1 July 1864.

Date

of

Provisional

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Order.

Amount of

Principal

Debt.

1863. 22 Oct

26 Oct.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 54.," An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of " His late Majesty, for repairing the " Roads from Gander Lane in the " County of Derby to Sheffield in the " County of York, and from Mosbrough " Green to Clown, both in the said " County of Derby; and also for " widening and altering certain Parts " of the said Roads, and making and " maintaining certain Branches of " Road communicating therewith" -

£ s. d.

), 2, 310 0 0

2 Wm. 4. c. 85.," An Act for improving " certain Roads within the Counties " of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford," called ' The Dudley and New Inn " District of Roads'99

2, 425 18 0

29 Oct.

9 Nov.

16 Nov.

16 Nov.

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 62.," An Act for more " effectually repairing and improving " the Road from Frodsham to the " South End of Wilderspool Causeway, within Appleton in the " County Palatine of Chester, and " for making and maintaining a " certain Extension or new Branch " of Road to communicate therewith "

11 Geo. 4. c. 4.," An Act for repairing " certain Turnpike Roads leading to " and from Thirsk in the County of " York " -

1 Geo. 4. c. 79.," An Act for repairing " the Road from Chatteris Ferry," through Somersham to the Crown " Inn in Saint Ives, and also the " Road branching out of the said " Road near Stock's Bridge, through " Nedingworth, to Hermitage Bridge," in the Parish of Earith in the " County of Huntingdon "

2 Wm. 4. c. 29.," An Act for more " effectually repairing and improving " the Road from the Town of Cocker-u mouth to the Town of Workington," and a Branch of Road over Brough- ton High Bridge, unto and as far " as the public Highway leading " from the Village of Papcastle " towards and unto the Village of " Great Broughton in the County of " Cumberland "

y 1, 950 0 0

2, 322 6 8 1, 911 0 0

1, 320 0 0

700 0 0 >2, 570 0 0

16 Nov.

11 Geo. 4. c. 24.," An Act for repairing " the Road from Wool Bridge to the " Borough of Dorchester in the " County of Dorset "

1, 725 0 0

Interest to be reduced to the following Hates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Hate of Interest to commence.

4/. per Cent.

1 Jan. 1864.

21. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1863 (Arrears extinguished).

4/. per Cent.

1 Jan. 1864.

J 8/. per Cent.

i

31 Oct. 1863.

4/. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1863.

3/. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1861 (Arrears extinguished).

4/, per Cent. I 6 Jan. 1864.

Tt 2

Date *1 of

Provisional Order*.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the following Bates per Annum.

Dates ftxvn which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1863. 18 Nov.

18 Nov.

18 Nov.

25 Nov.

3 Dec.

7 Dec.

9 Dec.

1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 82., "An Act for repairing Part of the Great Road from " Gloucester to Bristol, and certain " Roads through and near the Towns " of Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton- under-Edge, and Stroud, and other " Roads therein mentioned, in the " Counties of Gloucester and Wilts "

9 Geo. 4. c. 71.," An Act for more effec-u tually repairing and maintaining the " Road from the City of Chester to " the Town of Frodsham in the " County of Chester, and from the " said Town of Frodsham to Ashton u Lane End in the same County," so far as the same relates to the Chester and Frodsham Road

Ditto, ditto, so far as the same relates to the Ashton and Frodsham Road -

2 Wm. 4. c. 97., "An Act for more w effectually repairing and amending " the Marlborough District of the " Road from Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to " Everley, in the County of Wilts," and also the Branch Road from the same to the present Turnpike Road " from Andover to Devizes; and for " making a Road from the said " Branch Road at Collingbourn Ducis " to join the present Turnpike Road " from Andover to Salisbury in the " said County "

6 Wm. 4. c. 87., "An Act to vary and " alter the Line of the Marlborough " and Salisbury Road, and for making a Road from the same to Ames- bury in the County of Wilts99

3 Geo. 4. c. 16., "An Act for continuing " the Term and altering the Powers " of Three Acts, for repairing the " Roads leading from the Ryeway in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the " County of Radnor, and several other " Roads therein mentioned, in the said " County of Radnor, and in the " Counties of Hereford and Salop " -

55 Geo. 3. c. 11., "An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of an Act of " His present Maj es ty, for repairing the " Road from Dunchurch to Southam " in the County of Warwick"

10 Geo. 4. c. 82., "An Act for more " effectually repairing the Road from " Brampton to Long town in the " County of Cumberland "

5. d.

k 4, 580 0 0 '

4/. per Cent

5 April 1864.

4, 300 0 0

1, 120 0 0

SI. per Cent.

SI. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1863.

31 Dec. 1863.

. 3, 290

r 1, 100

0 0 0 0

2/. 10ft per Cent Id. per Cent.

(24 June 1863 (certain Arrears extinguished).

1, 800 0 0

4/. per Cent.

31 Oct. 1863.

1, 610 0 0

4, 200 0 0

21. 105. per Cent.

11 Oct 1863 (certain Arrears ^extinguished).

11 Nov. 1862.

3/. per Cent

Date of

Provisional

Order *

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1863. 14 Dec.

18 Dec.

30 Dec.

30 Dec.

1864. 19 Jan.

27 Jan,

11 Geo. 4. c. 82.," An Act for more j " effectually repairing and improving, u the Roads from Lewes through " Offham to Witch Cross; from the " Cliffe near Lewes through Uck- field to Witch Cross, and from " the said Cliffe, through Ringmer,

" Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst " Green, all in the County of Sussex," so far as the same relates to the Ringmer and Hurst Green Road

3 Geo. 4. c. 87.," An Act for more effectually amending, improving, w and keeping in repair the Roads " leading from certain Bridges over " the River Wye, called Whitney " Bridge and Bredwardine Bridge, in the County of Hereford, towards " the Town of Hay in the County of " Brecon" -

3 Wm. 4. c. 10.," An Act for more effectually repairing and improving " the Roads from Ipswich to Helmingham and to Debenham, and " from Hemingston to Otley Bottom," in the County of Suffolk " -

3 Geo. 4. c. 41., "An Act for continuing " the Term and altering, amending," and enlarging the Powers of several " Acts for repairing the Roads " therein mentioned, in the Counties " of Denbigh and Flint, so far as " relate to the Road from Ruthin in the County of Denbigh to Mold in the County of Flint "

59 Geo. 3. c. 43., "An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint," and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Mold in the said County of Flint "

7 & 8 Geo. 4. c. 67., Ct An Act for repairing the Road from Barton " Waterside House to Rise ham Hedge " Corner, and other Roads in the " County of Lincoln connected there- with" ...

£ *. d.

>1, 340 0 0 (Part of Debt.)

>2, 102 18 5

4, 850 0 0

>2, 311 2 11

>2, 094 0 0

4/. per Cent.

1 July 1863.

3/. 10^. per Cent.

1 Jan. 1864.

SI. 105. per Cent.

21. 10j. per Cent.

41. per Cent.

i

2, 568 6 8

41. per Cent.

f 6 July 1863 (Arrears I extinguished).

f 1 Nov. 1863 (Arrears [extinguished).

1 January 1864.

f 10 Od. 1863 (Arrears ^extinguished).

by

Date of

Provisional

Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1864. 27 Jan.

9 Geo. 4. c. 85., "An Act for more " effectually repairing the Road from " the Town and Port of Sandwich " in the County of Kent to the " Towns of Margate and Ramsgate " in the Isle of Thanet in the said " County; and for reducing for a " limited Time the Tolls and Duties " payable at Sandwich Bridge "

21 Mar. j 6 Geo. 4. c. 148.," An Act for making," and maintaining a Turnpike Road

" from the Town of Denbigh in the " County of Denbigh to Pentre " Yoelas in the said County, and " from thence to Fynnon Eidda in the County of Carnarvon99

21 Mar.

24 Mar.

4 April

6 April

25 April

2 Wm. 4. c. 74.," An Act for more " effectually repairing and improving " certain Roads leading to and " through the Town of Goudhurst " in the County of Kent "

5 Geo. 4. c. 30.," An Act for repairing," improving, and maintaining several " Roads leading to and from Cerne " Abbas in the County of Dorset99 -

53 Geo. 3. c. 200.," An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for " repairing the Road from the " Market Place in Bicester in the " County of Oxford to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton; and " for extending the Powers of the " said Act to an adjoining Branch of " Road " -

2 Wm. 4. c. 18., "An Act for repairing " the Road leading out of the Bed-u ford and Newport Pagnell Turnpike Road near Bromham Grange " in the County of Bedford to Olney " and other Places in the County of a Buckingham " -

2 Wm. 4. c. 32.," An Act for more " effectually repairing and improving " the Road leading from the Alfreton " Turnpike Road near Mansfield," through Tibshelf and Morton, to " the Nottingham Turnpike Road " near Tansley, and other Roads " connected therewith, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby " -

£ s. <L

1, 800 0 0

1, 500 0 0

2, 100 0 0

4, 264 3 4

s 2, 115 0 0

4/. per Cent.

25 Mar. 1863.

!</. per Ceut.

31 Dec. 1863.

3/. per Cent.

j1

I exti

1/. 10^. per Cent.

Oct. 1863 (Arrears extinguished).

29 Sept. 1863,

4/. per Cent.

1 Jan. 186A

2, 230 0 0

31, per Cent.

3, 380 0 0; 4t. per Cent.

1 Jan. 1864 (Arrears extinguished).

A

1 Jan. 1864 (Arrears extinguished).

Date

of

Provisional

Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt.

Interest to be reduced to the following Bates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Bate of Interest to commence.

1864. 26 April

27 April

28 April

6 Geo. 4. c. 7.," An Act for more effectually repairing the Hoads from the " Turnpike Hoad upon Gatherley " Moor in the County of York to Staindrop in the County of Durham," and from the said Turnpike Road," near Smallways, across the River " Tees, to Winston in the said County of Durham" -

53 Geo. 3. c. 135., An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of " His present Majesty, for repairing " the Hoad from Shelton to Blakeley " Lane Head, and from Bucknall to " Weston Coyney, in the County of " Stafford; and also for altering and " repairing the Hoad from Adderley " Green to Lane End in the same " County" -

6 Geo. 4. c. 185.," An Act for making " and maintaining a Turnpike Road " from Doncaster, through Hatfield," to Bain Croft Barn near Thorne," with One Branch therefrom, in the West Hiding of the County of " York" ...

£ s. d. '

200

2, 250

q q | 3/. per Cent.

Y 5, 207 13 0

y 2, 025 0 0

4/. per Cent.

3/. per Cent.

11 Oct. 1863 (Arrears extinguished).

31 Dec. 1862.

1 Jan. 1864.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of "The Criminal Justice Act, 1855," to the Liberties of the Cinque Ports and to the District of Romney Marsh in the County of Kent.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her c f present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eighteen. Section One, enacts that so much of Section Nine of the herein-before recited Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth (Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty as provides that every Petty Sessions for the Purposes of that Act shall be the Petty Sessions holden for a Petty Sessional Division ' shall not extend nor be applicable to Petty Sessions holden in or for the Liberties of the c Cinque Ports or any Part thereof Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of the Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty as is herein-before recited, shall be and is hereby repealed.

2. Every

19 & 20 Vict. c. 118.

So much of recited Act as before recited, repealed.

Definition of " Petty Sessions."

2. Every Sitting of Two or more Justices of the Peace legally acting in and for the Liberties of the Cinque Ports or any Part thereof, or of the District of Romney Marshy at any Place at which such Sitting may for the Time being be appointed to be held, shall be deemed to be a 44 Petty Sessions of the Peace " or Court of Petty Sessions," and the District for which the same is holden shall be deemed to be a 44 Petty Sessional Division," and any Officer for the Time being performing the Duties usually performed by the Clerk to the Justices of Petty Sessions shall be deemed to be a Clerk to the Justices of Petty Sessions, within the Meaning of the Ninth Section of the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty-six.

3 & 4 W. 4.

c. 37.

11 & 12 G. c. 17.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for amending the Act 11th & 12th George the Third, Cap. 17. (I.), in respect of the Charges on the Revenues of the Archbishopric of Armagh.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Laws

relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland, and thereby it was (after and amongst other things) enacted, that when and so soon as the Archbishopric of Armagh shall become void, the Successor thereto and his Successors for ever, Archbishops of Armagh, shall from and out of the Revenues of the said Archbishopric, pay over to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland the annual Sum of Four thousand and five hundred Pounds, the remaining Portion of the Income of the See being also liable to a Tax at the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum: And whereas there exist Charges amounting to a Sum of Twelve thousand eight hundred and eighty-four Pounds One Shilling and Fivepence upon the Revenues of the said Archbishopric for the Erection of a See House and Offices and Improvements therein, and for enclosing the Demesne, duly certified by Certificates under the Provisions of the Act Eleventh and Twelfth of George the Third, 4 Chapter Seventeen: And whereas the first Successor of the late Most Reverend Lord John George Beresford, Archbishop of Armagh, after paying the aforesaid Charges, will be unable, under thq Laws now in force, to recover from his Successor any larger Proportion thereof than Six thousand and twenty Pounds Seven Shillings and Eightpence, and he will therefore be a Loser of Six thousand eight hundred and sixty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ninepence; and his Successor will be entitled to receive from his next Successor a Sum of Two thousand six hundred and thirty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Tenpence, and will be a Loser of Three thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds Five Shillings and Tenpence; and the Third in Succession to the late Archbishop of Armaghy having paid a Sum of Two thousand six hundred and thirty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Tenpence, will lose the whole of that Sum: And whereas it is just and reasonable, in consequence of the great Reduction of the Revenues of the Archbishopric of Armagh, to lighten the Burden of the aforesaid Charges on the first of the Successors by distributing it amongst a greater Number of Successors than it is now by Law assigned to Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

Re-arrange-

1. That the first Successor of the late Archbishop of Armagh, having paid to the Repre-Charires ^on the sentatives of the said late Archbishop the entire Sum of Twelve thousand eight hundred and Revenue of the eighty-four Pounds One Shilling and Fivepence now remaining due on account of Buildings Archbishopric and Improvements in the See House and Offices, and the enclosing of the Demesne, he or of Armagh. hi8 Representatives shall be entitled to and receive or recover from his next Successor in the said Archbishopric, or from his Representatives, Three Fourths of the said Sum, which

Successor

329

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 81, 82.

Successor having paid the said Three Fourths of the said Sum shall be entitled to and receive from his Successor, or his Representatives, Two Thirds thereof, that is, One Moiety of the Sum of Twelve thousand eight hundred and eighty-four Pounds One Shilling and Five-pence; which Successor having paid the said Moiety, he, or his Representatives, shall be entitled to and receive from his next Successor, or his Representatives, One Half thereof, that is, One Fourth of the entire Sum now remaining charged on the Revenues of the Archbishopric of Armagh for Buildings and Improvements in the See House and Offices, and for enclosing the Demesne; and the several Sums apportioned by this Act to be paid by the several Successors of the late Archbishop of Armagh shall be Charges upon the Revenues of the said See, and may be paid and recovered within the Times and in the same Manner as Charges for Ecclesiastical Buildings and Improvements may be paid and recovered under the Laws now in force: Provided that no Archbishop shall be deemed a Successor within the Intention of this Act liable to the Payment of any Part of any Sum of Money charged on the Archbishopric of Armagh by this Act who shall die or resign or be removed from the said Archbishopric within the Space of One Year from the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Archbishop immediately preceding him in the said Archbishopric.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to guarantee the Liquidation of a Loan for the Service of the Colony of New Zealand.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Loan of Three million Pounds Sterling for the Public Service of the Colony of New Zealand, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Governor of New Zealand4 to appoint the Agent or Agents therein mentioned, with Authority to borrow and raise on behalf of the said Colony such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in all Three million Pounds Sterling as the said Governor might direct: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury should be authorized to guarantee the Payment of Interest and Repayment of the Principal of Part of the Sum so to be borrowed, not exceeding the Amount of One million Pounds Sterling, upon the Conditions hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Liquidation of all such Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, as shall be borrowed and raised in Great Britain, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under the said first-recited Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand, or of any Act passed in Amendment of the same, together with the Interest thereon not exceeding the yearly Rate of Four Pounds for One hundred Pounds, shall be guaranteed under this Act; and for giving effect to such Guarantee it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct and cause to be issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland such Sums as shall be required to make good any Deficiency which shall happen in the regular Payment, on the Part of New Zealand, of the Interest accruing due upon such Sums as shall be borrowed as aforesaid, or in the Liquidation of the Principal Sums when the same shall become payable.

2. Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to approve the borrowing and raising of the herein-before mentioned Principal Sum of One million Pounds, or any Part thereof, until Provision shall have been made by the General Assembly of Neto Zealand to the following Effect; that is to say,

1. That every Part of the said Principal Sum shall be repayable and repaid at the Expiration of Thirty Years at the furthest from the Day on Which such Part shall have been borrowed and raised:

27 & 28 Vict. U u 2. That

Sums borrowed under recited Act of General Assembly of New Zealand, not exceeding 1,000,000l. and Interest, guaranteed under this Act.

Treasury not to approve of the borrowing of 1,000,000L until Provisions are made by General Assembly of

New Zealand as herein named.

Advances out of Consolidated Fund to be charged on Revenues of New Zealand.

No Act of New Zealand varying the Security for the Money borrowed and Interest to be valid unless confirmed by Her Majesty in Council.

Certificate of Amount paid out of Consolidated Fund to be sent to New Zealand.

Accounts to be be laid before Parliament.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 82.

2. That for the Purpose of providing a Sinking Fund for the Liquidation of the said

Principal Sums, a Sum equal at the least to Two per Cent per Annum on the Total of such Principal Sums shall be paid yearly, and invested and increased by way of Accumulation in the Manner directed by the said first-recited Act in respect of the Sinking Fund therein provided for:

3. That the said Principal Sums and all Interest thereon, and the said annual Sum of

not less than Two per Cent for Sinking Fund, shall be a Charge on the General Revenue of New Zealand, having Priority over all other Charges upon the said Revenue, except Charges created in virtue of an Act passed by the said General Assembly, intituled " The New Zealand Loan Act, 1856," and of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-first Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand, or either of them, and that the said General Revenue shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to include all the Revenue which shall arise from Duties of Import and Export, from Post Office Receipts, and Supreme Court Fees, from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown, and from all Taxes, Duties, Rates, and Imposts levied or to be levied by virtue of any Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand, and all Revenues whatsoever which may be lawfully expended or disposed of by the Authority of the said Assembly:

nor until the said Commissioners shall be satisfied by Certificate under the Hand of the Officer administering the Government of New Zealand, or otherwise, that the said General Assembly have adopted such Proposals as shall have been made to them by Authority of any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State respecting the Repayment of any Monies due to the Imperial Treasury from the Treasury of the Colony, and for the Payments to be made from the Colonial Revenue as well for the Support of Her Majesty's Troops employed in the said Colony as for the Benefit of the native Inhabitants thereof.

3. All the Sums which shall be so issued and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund in respect of the Interest of the Sums borrowed as aforesaid, or the Liquidation of the Principal Sums, with Interest upon the Sums so issued after the yearly Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds, to be computed from the several Times of issuing the same, shall be charged upon the General Revenue of the Colony of New Zealand as herein-before defined.

4. No Act passed by the Legislature of New Zealand in anywise discharging ot varying the Security to be given in accordance with this Act, upon the Revenue arising from the Duties of Import and Export, and from the Disposal of Waste Lands of the Crown, for the Repayment of the Sums of Money borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereon, shall be valid, unless such Act contain a Clause suspending the Operation of the same until Her Majesty's Pleasure shall have been taken thereon, and the same shall have been confirmed by Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, and a Proclamation of such Confirmation having been given shall have been made by the Governor or Person administering the Government of the said Colony.

5. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time certify to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State the Amount so paid from Time to Time on account of the Interest or Principal of the Sums borrowed as aforesaid; and such Certificate shall be communicated to the Governor or Person administering the Government of New Zealand, and shall be by him communicated to the General Assembly of the said Colony; and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of the Amount so paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, and of the Time when the same was paid on account of the Interest or Principal of the Sum so borrowed.

6. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days next after the Beginning of every Session, an Account of all Sums from Time to Time issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom by virtue of this Act towards making good any such Deficiency as aforesaid, and also an Account of all Sums repaid by or recovered from New Zealand by reason of such Advance, with the Interest paid or recovered thereon.

7. r And

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 82, 83.

7. And whereas by an Act of the General Assembly of New Zealand passed in the

Twenty-seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Governor to establish c Settlements for Colonization in the Northern Island of New Zealand, Provision was made for (the Proclamation of certain Districts within the said Colony, and for setting apart within such Districts eligible Sites for Settlements for Colonization, and for other Matters therein mentioned: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Provisions of the said Act, or ' some of them, may not be void by reason of their Repugnancy to the Third Section of an Act of Parliament of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, intituled An i Act to guarantee a Loan for the Service of New Zealand Be it enacted as follows:

Nothing in the said Act to enable the Governor to establish Settlements for Colonization in the Northern Island of New Zealand shall be or be deemed to have been void or inoperative on account of any Repugnancy to any of the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act of Parliament or of this Act.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Kingston-upon-Hull, Stockport, Penzance, Shanklin, Portsmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Woolwich, and Tormoham.

[29th July 1864*.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local

Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the

Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act ' that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The General District Rate leviable within the Borough of Portsmouth, as constituted by the Provisional Order to this Act annexed, under the Local Government Act, 1858, shall not exceed in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound Sterling upon the net annual Value of Property assessable thereto within such Borough.

3. In all the unrepealed Sections of the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, where there is Reference to Rates made or leviable under or by virtue of the said Act, the same in future shall in every Case be held to mean the General District Rate leviable under the Local Government Act, 1858.

4. The next annual Election of Persons to fill Vacancies in the Tunbridge Wells Local Board of Commissioners, by the Retirement in rotation of the Members thereof, shall be postponed from the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four to the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and thenceforward such annual Elections shall take place in the Month of April, according to the Scale of voting in respect of the Election of Local Boards and Local Boards of Health, as provided by the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858.

5. The Qualification of the aforesaid Tunbridge Wells Commissioners shall be the Ownership or Occupation of Property actually rated to the Rates levied under the Local Government Act, 1858, within their District, at an annual Value of not less than Thirty Pounds;

331

Nothing in recited Act of New Zealand rendered void on account of any Repugnancy to 20 & 21 Vict. c. 51.

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Limitation of Rates in Portsmouth.

Definition of Rates" (Tunbridge Wells).

Next Election of Local Board (Tonbridge Wells).

Qualification, &c of Members of Tunbridge Wells Local

332

Board of Commissioners.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

and in lieu of the Declaration prescribed by Section Seventeen of the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, to be made by the said Commissioners, the following Declaration shall be used; that is to say,

(T [A.B.] do solemnly declare, That I am the [Owner or Occupier, as the Case may be] A of Property actually rated to the Rates authorized to be levied by the said Commissioners at an annual Value of not less than Thirty Pounds/

6. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

7. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.)."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Kingston-upon-Hull. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

2. Stockport. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements, &c.

3. Penzance. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements.

4. Shanklin. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District.

5. Stockport. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the

District.

6. Portsmouth. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the

District.

7. Tunbridge Wells. — Repealing and altering Local Acts in force within the

District.

8. Tunbridge Wells. — Altering the Boundaries of the District.

9. Woolwich. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

10. Tormoham. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid Borough for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in their capacity of Local Board of Health for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lauds Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for certain street improvements in the said District, as set forth and described in such Petition.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with

reference

333

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Kingston-upon Hull shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Thirtieth day of May in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following: —

No.

Property to be taken. on Names of Owners. Names of Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

Plan.

As to the Brook Street Improvement

Dwelling House or Shop, No. 49. on the South Side of Mill Street, with the Yard, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

Two Dwelling Houses, Nos. 14. and 16. on the North Side of Middle Street, and Two Tenements behind, with the Yards, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

A Dwelling House, No. 13. on the South Side of Middle Street, and Tenement behind, with the Yards, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

A Dwelling House, No. 15. on the South Side of Middle Street, with the Yard, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

1

Mary Johnson -; Joseph ridge.

Brown-

Joseph

ridge.

Brown-

3

Charlotte Humphrey.

Charlotte Humphrey, John NPCormickjPhili p Skully, Henry M'Glftthering.

4

John H. Miller

Caroline Jackson, Ann Wilson.

William Wilkin -

i

Patrick Haligan.

Property to be taken.

A Dwelling House or Shop, No. 68. on the North Side of West Street, with the Yard, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

A Dwelling House used as a Public House, No. 79. on the South Side of West Street, with the Yard, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

Two Dwelling Houses, Nos. 18. and

20. on the North Side of Middle Street, and Five Tenements in a Square behind, with the Yards, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

A Dwelling House, No. 53. on the South Side of Mill Street, with the Yard, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and now used and occupied therewith.

Part of a Dwelling House, Yard, and Conveniences thereto belonging, situate on the South Side of Wellington Lane.

Part of a Garden and Yard with Buildings thereon, situate on the South Side of Wellington Lane.

Part of a Dwelling House, Yard, Garden, and Conveniences thereto belonging, situate on the North Side of Wellington Lane.

No. on Plan. Names of Owners. Names of Lessees. Names of Occupiers.

6 George Hammond Mark Luck Kel-lington. Mark Luck Kel-lington.

9 James Willford - Thomas Duesbury i Thomas Duesbury.

1 11 j Charlotte Hum- \ phrey. - - i i [Mary Kendal, Mary Walters, and others.

12 1 Mary Johnson - - i i 1 i i i i he Wellington Lane Improvement John Brownley.

13 James Carter I Alfred Johnson.

j 14 James Thompson - James Thompson.

15 Henry Marr i i Henry Marr.

STOCKPORT *

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Stockport Local Board District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherwise than by Agreement

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Stockport, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises for the purpose of street improvements and other purposes set forth and described in such petition and shown upon the plan accompanying the same.

And

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed inquiry, and report has been duly made to me thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Stockport shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Thirtieth day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Stockport, are the following: —

335

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

To make a Road from Hillgate Street to Churchgate Street the Township of Stockport.

12 Cottage, Yard, and Land John Redmond ... John Lalley.

13 The same - The same - Ellen Noon.

14 The same The same - Unoccupied.

14a Wellington Street The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

15 Cottage and Land The same - - Unoccupied.

16 Yard and Warehouse - The same and Isaac Howard Swain. ... Unoccupied.

17 Land and Outbuildings - The same - Unoccupied.

18 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. William Spensley - Walter Philips - John Cromwell.

19 The same - The same The same - Nancy Roberts.

20 Cottage, Passage, Yard, and Rooms over No. 22. The same - The same - Bridget Annon.

21 House, Shop, Passage, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same The same - Walter Philips.

22 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same ... George Wright.

172a Shop, House, and Yard The same - Thomas Cragg.

173a Shop, House, and Yard - The same - Edward Betts Favell.

174 Shop, House, and Yard - Isaac Howard Swain - Eli Hague.

175 Shop, House, and Yard - The same . Empty.

176 Shop, House, and Yard - The same ... Thomas Kearsley.

177 Shop, House, and Yard - The same ... Joseph Bennett.

178 Shop, House, and Yard - Thomas Goulden - . Empty.

179 Shop, House, and Yard - John Bamford Hes-keth. ... James Fairchild.

336

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

28 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. William Rayner, M.D., and William Hickman, Executors of the late John Rayner, M.D. I I t - Elizabeth Dow.

24 The same - The same Peter Scarlett - Peter Scarlett.

25 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Enoch Turner - - " I - Mary Wright.

26 Land and Garden The Rev. Charles Kenrick Prescot | and others. r i1 Walter Vaughan.

27 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Enoch Turner I - Mary Redmayne.

28 Iron Foundry, Workshop, Yard, Part of Brook or Watercourse, Land, and Outbuildings. Cardwell Cheetham r Samuel Berrisford.

29 Land - Richard Massey - Sarah Beswick.

30 Land Cardwell Cheetham and George Bowring. Unoccupied.

31 Yard and Land - The Rector for the Time being of the Parish of Stock- James Jinks 1 James Jinks.

32 Warehouse, Land, and Outbuildings. port. The same The same - - Mary Alcock, James Bray, Enoch Clarke, Alfred Brown.

33 Yard, Slaughter-houses, and Outbuildings. The same - -! i James Baraber, Elizabeth Stansfield, William Hobson, William Barker.

34 Cottage and Yard George Bramwell - Thomas Smith.

35 House, Yard, Garden, and Outbuildings. Catherine Barrow -, - John Jameson.

36 Land and Passage, Ashpit, and Outbuildings. George Bramwell - - James Bramwell.

37 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same Eliza Bennett.

38 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same - John Simister.

39 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same " Harriet Jones.

40 Paint Shop and Room - The same - - j - Elizabeth Clarke.

41 House, Shop, Outbuildings, Yard, and Passage. The same i - The same.

42 Cottage - The same - -1 - John Sutcliffe.

43 Warehouse and Rooms over Cottage. The same George Bramwell.

Brewhouse and Yard - The same - James Bramwell.

45 l Public House, Passage, and Room over. The same - The same.

To make a Road from St. Peter's Gate to the Market Place the Township of Stockport.

46 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. James Leech Ros-tron and Robert 1 Henry Rostron. j - Unoccupied.

47 House, Shop, Yard, and Room over Passage .; The same - -1 i " i Mary Whitmore.

337

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

48 House, Shop, Warehouse, ' Outbuildings, and Yard Mary Prime Arthur Samuel Worthington. Arthur Samuel Worthington.

49 Warehouse and Land - Eleanor Atherton - Thomas Birchenough, Arthur Samuel Worthi ngton, George Boothby, and John Boothby.

50 ConservativeNewsRoom, Billiard Room, and House with Passage called Turner's Steps. Alfred Aspland and Maria his Wife, and David Harrison and Algernon Sydney Aspland, Trustees of their Marriage Settlement Public Buildings used as a News Room; George Arthur Fern-ley, Treasurer of the said News Room.

Rooms in Turner's Buildings, with Passage called Turner's Steps. Charles Dutton.

Shop and Room in Turner's Buildings, with Passage called Turner's Steps. James Larkum.

Warehouse and Rooms in Turner's Buildings, with Passage called Turner's Steps. Herbert Hill Parkes.

51 House, Shop, and Yard - The same - Mary Ann Lomas.

51a Rooms and Offices over Nos. 51. and 52., with Passage called Turner's Steps. The same - John Knowles.

52 Shop, Rooms, and Yard - The same - James Lomax, junior.

53 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Sarah Wood - James Brown.

54 The same The same - Dennis Leonard.

55 Public House, Spirit Y aul ts, W ar ehou ses, Cellars, Yard called Royal Oak Yard, and Outbuildings. Alfred Aspland and Maria his Wife, and David Harrison and Algernon Sydney Aspland, Trustees of their Marriage Settlement. George Turner.

55 a House, Shop, Yard, Workshop, Yard called Royal Oak Yard, and Outbuildings. Henry Saunby Henry Saunby.

56 House, Shop, Office, Yard, and Outbuildings. John Boothroyd - John Boothroyd and Son, George Leah.

57 Stable, Buildings, and Premises in Royal Oak Yard. Alfred Aspland and " Maria his Wife, and David Harrison and Algernon Sydney Aspland, Trustees of their Marriage Settlement. Sarah Williamson.

Joiner's Shop and Yard in Royal Oak Yard. John Hird.

27 & 28 VICT. x X

338

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

57 a Stable and Yard - George Yates . m m i George Yates.

Bakehouse and Yard The same - - 1 The same.

Malt Kiln and Yard The same - - | The same.

Crushing Mills and Yard The same - I The same.

Warehouse and Yard - Thomas Stringer - James tham. Heginbo- 1 James Heginbotham.

Warehouse and Yard - The same - . - George Yates.

Stable and Yard - Alfred Aspland and Maria his Wife, and David Harrison and Algernon Sydney Aspland, Trustees of their Marriage Settlement Sarah Williamson.

Stable and Yard - William Turner - Sarah Williamson.

Warehouse and Yard - Alfred Aspland and Maria his Wife, and David Harrison and Algernon Sydney Aspland, Trustees of their Marriage Settlement. George Turner.

Workshop and Yard Mary Barrow - Mary Barrow.

Stable and Yard - Sarah Birkett Sarah Birkett.

Carthouse and Yard The same _ The same.

Bakehouse and Yard - The same . The same.

Shop and Yard John Hudson - Joseph Hudson.

House and Shop and Y rpH The same Mary Hannah Redfern.

X cU u« The same - The same John Shore.

The same Sarah Birkett Sarah Birkett.

The same - The same - Louisa Spencer.

The same Joseph Braddock - - Joseph Braddock.

The same Joseph Rayner - William Walker.

The same The same . Isaac C. Holme.

The same The same - James Evans.

The same George Chapman - - Chapman and Watts.

The same The same - William M'Kinley.

The same The same - . William Harrison.

The same The same - Edwin Gosling.

The same - Thomas Haigh . Thomas Haigh.

The same John Boothroyd - Joel Hallworth.

The same - Thomas Claye - Joseph Booth.

The same The same - William Claye.

The same George Wood - George Wood.

The same - Edward Evans - James Heginbotham.

58 Warehouse and Store, with Boom over and Yard. Thomas Stringer - - Y olunteer Fire Brigade; Henry Whalley, Captain.

Wood Turner's Shop and Yard. Thomas Stringer - - Josiah Lee.

59 House, Shop, and Cottage and Rooms underneath. Thomas Edmund Turner and Joseph Plant. Zaccheus Holden Zaccheus Holden.

60 The same The same - James Handley.

61 Cottages, Outbuildings, and Yard. Thomas-Stringer - John Wood.

o. on

* lan.

To

78

79

80

81

82

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

91

91c

92

93

93c

94

95

96

97

98

99

100

101

Lands, &c. Owners Lessees

proposed to be taken. or reputed Owners. or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

lake a Road from, St. Peter's Square to Chestergate in the Township of Stockport

Eard

Rooms occupied as Dwellings.

- | William Davis

The same

Cottage

Rooms

lings.

3 House

occupied asDwel-

The same - The same

Rooms occupied as Dwellings.

Yard

Cottages, Rooms, and

The same

The same - The same

Vacant Ground adjoining Low Bank Steps. Public Passage or Place called Low Bank Steps.

House, Shop, Outbuildings, and Yard.

House, Shop, Outbuildings, and Yard.

House, Shop, Outbuildings, and Yard.

Rooms over Nos. 90. and 91.

The same.

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

James Taylor

The same

The same

John Vaughan

Passage and Yard

- The same

Coal Hole, Petties, and Steps.

House -House -Room over No. 93. House -Rooms over No. 94.

Warehouse and Cellar in the Rock.

House, Shop, Yard, and Cellar in the Rock. Rooms over same -

Passage and Yard

Rooms over same -House, Passage, and Y ard Cottage and xard- Cottage and Yard Public Passage or Place called Low Bank Side, Kitchen, and Conveniences underneath.

The same -

The same The same The same The same The same

John Appleby, j un., and Frances Appleby.

The same

John May and John Andrew.

The same The same

Mary Ann Pickford The same - The same and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

Xx 2

- Peter HalL

- Patrick Flanagan, Peter

Hall, John M'Garry, Martin Dempsey, John Queeney, Margaret Hanley, John Fury.

- Owen Bradley.

- Mary Doyle, Thomas

Macgowen, Bridget Hanley.

- Ann Queeney, Mary

Wade, James Riley.

- Unoccupied.

- Thomas Fury, James

Scott, Mary Lyons.

- Not occupied.

- Not occupied.

- Not occupied.

John Robinson, James Whelan, John Hand-ley.

- John Robinson, Hugh

Devine, Thomas Gil-martin.

- Unoccupied.

- Hugh Devine.

- Not occupied.

- Patrick Conley.

- Thomas Gilmartin.

- John Peat, William

Wright.

- Executors of the late

W. H. Appleby.

- J ohn Appleby, sen., and

John Appleby, junior.

- George Hadfield, Peter

Stamford.

- Not occupied.

- James Farrell.

- Robert Donoghue.

- Not occupied.

- Robert Corson.

- Daniel Whittaker.

No. on

Flan.

102

103

103a

104.

105

106

117

118

119

120

121

122

123

124

125

126

127

128

129

130

131

132

133

134

135

Lands, &c. proposed to be taken.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

White Hart Inn Yard, Passage and Outbuildings, and Kitchen and Conveniences underneath Low Bankside.

Public Street called Bear Hole Brow.

Public Street, Chester-gate.

Vacant Ground at the Foot of Pickford's Brow. Bakery, Shop, and House

Cottages -

Hadfield's Court -

House, Shop, and Outbuildings.

House, Shop, Yard, and Passage.

House, Shop, Yard, and Passage.

House, Shop, Yard, and Passage.

House, Shop, Yard, and Passage.

Grapes Inn, Chestergate

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Public Street, Great Underbank.

Shop and House -

Office -

Shop and House -

Shop, House, and Passage.

Shop, House, and Passage.

Mary Ann Pickford

Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

The same.

The same.

The same or John Arthur Neal.

The same

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

John Arthur Neal and Edward Walmsley.

Edward Walmsley -

The same -

The same

The same -

Nancy Howard

John Hudson

The same

The same

Sarah Birkett

The same

Joseph Braddock -

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

Robert Holt and Joseph BI ackshaw, Trustees of the late John Harrop, Esquire.

The same

The same -

Miss Priestnall and Ralph Kinder.

The same: -

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

136 Shop, Hooae, and Passage. The same - Benjamin Brookes.

137 Shop and House - Jonathan Barrow - Not occupied.

138 139 Shop and House -Public Street, Adlington Square. The same -Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport — - Henry Lee Pidgeon.

140 Beerhouse and House - Joseph Rothwell - - Thomas Fitzpatrick.

141 Entrance Lodge to Cotton Mill. George Wilkinson - Not occupied.

142 Shop - Samuel Bunting - Samuel Bunting.

143 Shop - The same - - The same.

144 Shop, House, and Passage. William Lees . - . Henry Booth.

146 Beerhouse and House - The same - Joseph Dolan.

146 Shop and House - William Pidgeon - Elizabeth Lee i Elizabeth Lee.

147 Shop and House - John Lomas - John Lomas.

148 Shop and House The same - - Henry Rhodes.

149 Fleece Inn Samuel Brookes - - Samuel Brookes.

150 Shop and House The same - Jane Willert.

151 Passage to Taylor's Court. Sarah Lallimand - Unoccupied.

152 Pawnbroker's Shop Sarah Lallimand - . - John Hunt.

153 Slop and House - John Appleby, sen. and Francis Appleby. J ohn Appleby, junior.

154 Brewhouse in Pickford's Brow. Mary Ann Pickford - Not occupied.

Booms or Dwellings over No. 154, and Entrance from High Bankside. The same - Thomas Meah&m.

155 Cottage next to Brew-house. The same - Not occupied.

Rooms or Dwellings over No. 154. The same - - James Broderick, Bartholomew Mitchell.

156 Cottage on Pickford's Brow. The same - - Jane Connolly.

Rooms over the same - - Michael Moran.

157 Cottage on Pickford's Brow. The same - Bridget Gilmore.

158 Petties - - The same - Unoccupied.

To make a Road from Rock Row to the Wellington Road in the Township of

62 Cottage House Edward Hooper - John Godfrey.

63 Cottage House - The same - - Unoccupied.

64 Joiner's Shop over Cottage. The same - - — William Austin.

65 Yard - wThe same - Unoccupied.

66 Cottage House The same - John Kelly.

67 Cottage House The same - -; - Daniel Davett.

67a Passage Charles Poppleton - Unoccupied.

68 Cottage House and Yard The same -, - Charlotte Russell.

69 Cottage House and Yard The same - - James Storey.

70 71 Cottage House and Yard Public Street, Lawrence Street. The same Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport. i John Ardern.

341

342

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

72 Yard - Rev. Henry Offley Wright. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

73 Smithy and vacant Ground. The same - John Taylor John Taylor and Thomas G. Knight.

74 Vacant Ground - The same Same.

76 Land - The same - - Trustees of St. Peter's Church.

77 Public Street, Rock Row Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

To widen and improve the Comer of Piccadilly and Eliza Street in the Township of Stockport *

1 Cottage, Yard, and other Premises. Mrs. Goodall - - James Whiteley.

2 The same The same - Ellen Davies.

3 The same The same - - Thomas Pearson.

4 The same The same - Mary Garner.

5 The same The same - - Christopher Thomas M'Gormack.

6 The same - The same - George Thurgoland.

7 Cottage and Yard James Ashton, M.D. - - Thomas Bowden.

8 The same - The same - - Judith Garnett.

9 The same The same - - Ellen Ward.

10 The same - The same - - Charles Garnett.

11 The same The same - . - John Moore.

To make a Road from the New Road, Lancashire Hill, in the Township of Heaton Nom'id, to Avenue Street in the Township of Brinnington.

159 Joiner's Workshop Richard Woodhead and Anthony Holmes, Executors of Robert Coulson.

159a Yard ... The same.

1595 Cottage and Yard The same -

160 Public Street, Nicholson Street. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

161 Public Street, Penny Lane. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

162 Land - Stockport, Timper-ly, and Altrincham Junction Railway Company.

163 Steps leading down to Bandwalk. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport. a.

164 Road leading from Penny Lane to Old Print Works. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport.

Peter Walker.

Unoccupied. John Matthews.

Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction Railway Company.

Public Road.

Public Road.

l^»

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83

343

No. on Plan. Lands, &c. proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

165 W atercourse from W ater-wheel at Canal. Ashton Canal Company. - Ashton Canal Company.

1G6 Bandw&lk Lady M'Dougall, William Courtenay Cruttenden, and John Ralph Shaw. m m m William Hopwood, Benjamin Horne.

167 River Tame.

168 Land, lied of the River - Trustees of James Harrison, John Charles Lueena* and William Oldfield Wilson. James Harrison, John Charles Luoena, William Oldfield Wilson.

169 Mill-race and Goit The same - The same.

170 Public House called the Millstone. Trustees of James Harrison, John Charles Lucena. John Mode.

171 Land at Side of Railway The same and Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction Railway Company. Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction Railway Company.

172 and 173 Avenue Street and Port-wood Place. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockport. Public Road.

To make a Road from Tiviot Dale to Stewart Street in the Township of

Heaton Norris.

107 Cotton Waste Warehouse William Smith - Thomas Chadwick.

108 House, Yard, and Outbuildings. The same - Empty.

109 House and Offices and Land. The same - Thomas Ousey.

110 ..... The same - . The same.

111 Land William Williamson - . Unoccupied.

112 Land and Outbuildings - The Stockport Cotton Manufacturing Company, Limited. The Stockport Cotton Manufacturing Company, Limited.

113 House, Timber Yard, and Outbuildings. The same - William Gilmore.

114 Wash-house and Chimney and Land. William Williamson - Empty.

115 Outbuildings and Land - The Stockport Cotton Manufacturing Company, Limited. William Gilmore.

116 Outbuildings and Land - The same Thomas Livesley Thomas Livesley.

PENZANCE.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Penzance Local Board of Health District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board, othertoise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall, under the Local Government Act, 1858, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the said Act, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to one of

344

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of certain street improvements within that District, between the western part thereof and the Western Green or Esplanade.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land, &c. (as shown on the plan accompanying the same) intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, &c. who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, &c., be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of Health for the said District of Penzance shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Sixth Day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Penzance, are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board and in the foregoing Order.

Description of Land. No. on Plan. Estimated Quantity. Owner. Lessee. Occupier.

Part of Arable Field 1 E. P. P. 0 34 2 Christopher Henry John Coulson.

Part of Arable Field and 2 6 25 6 Thomas Hawkins. The same . The same.

Orchard. Part of Arable Field 3 1 25 3 The same The same.

Outhouse - 4 0 1 4 Thfe same - - The same.

Part of Orchard - - 5 1 25 6 The same - - John Fox.

Nursery Ground -Part of Arable Field - 6 0 7 2 . Lydia Penneck Couch John Fox The same.

- ' 7 0 33 4 John Josias Arthur . - John, William, Edward, and Henry Lawrence, The same.

Part of Arable Field 8 0 20 6 Boase. The same.

Part of Arable Field - 11 0 21 8 Lydia Penneck Couch John Fox John Fox.

Part of Arable Field - 12 0 31 6 Elizabeth Catherine - . John Pollard.

Part of Arable Field 13 0 20 0 Thomas Carne. The same The same.

Part of Arable Field - 15 0 26 7 George Kingston Ste- - - George Kingston Stevens. vens.

345

Description of Land. No. on Plan. Estimated Quantity. Owner. Lessee. Occupier.

XL P. F.

Occupation Road - 16 0 10 9 George Kipgsfon Stevens, Maria John, and Elizabeth Catherine Thomas Came. George Kingston Stevens, Maria John, and Elizabeth Catherine Thomas Carne.

Part of Arable Field 17 0 29 4 Maria John - Stephen Richards, and John Carter.

Ropo House _ — L Li 18 0 1 9 The same Stephen Rickards and John Carter.

SHANKLIN.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the

Shanklin Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Shanklin, in the Isle of Wight, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the Isle of Wight aforesaid, so far as such Act affects the said District of Shanklin, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the Fifty-third year of the reign ot King George the Third, intituled " An Act for amending the Roads and Highways in the Isle of Wight."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition,

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The said Local Act shall be repealed so far as such Act affects the District of the aforesaid Local Board of Shanklin.

Given under my hand this Sixth day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Gbet.

STOCKPORT.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Stockport Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Stockport in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges 27 & 28 Vict. Y y upon

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 129.), intituled " An Act for improving and regulating the Borough of Stockport in the several " Counties of Chester and Lancasterand

A certain other Act passed in the tenth and eleventh year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 284.), intituled " An Act to purchase and define the manorial and market rights " of Stockport, to establish public parks, to purchase or lease waterworks, to build Ci bridges, and to make other communications within the Borough of Stockport and a certain other A.ct, intituled " The Stockport Amendment Act, 1853," (16 Vict. Cap. 26.)

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The parts of the said herein-before recited Local Acts specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be repealed.

Given under my hand, this Thirtieth day of May in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four,

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The sections to be repealed in the herein-before recited Local Acts are, —

1. — In the said firstly herein-before recited Local Act (1 Vict. c. 129.), the sections

numbered 26 to 32; 56 to 70; 75 to 87; 89 to 98; and 100 to 124; all inclusive.

2. — In the said secondly herein-before recited Local Act (10 & 11 Vict. c. 284.), the

sections numbered 26 and* 27.

3. — In the said thirdly herein-before recited Act (16 Vict. c. 26.), the 12th section.

PORTSMOUTH.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Portsmouth Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, by the Council of the Borough of Portsmouth, acting as the Local Board in and for the said Borough, being a District within which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the tenth and eleventh year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 257.), intituled " An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise Ci improving the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and for removing " and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein and A certain other Act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 35.), intituled " An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, regulating, and otherwise " improving the Town of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, and for removing and " preventing nuisances and annoyances thereinand

A certain

847

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

A certain other Act, passed in the twentieth and twenty-first year of the reign of Queen Victoria (Cap. 37.), intituled " An Act for the improvement of Landport and Southsea " and the neighbourhoods, in the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portsea, in the County of Southampton."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, aB one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The said herein-before recited Local Acts, except the Parts thereof specified in the

Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be repealed.

2. — All the property and estate of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local

Acts shall be transferred to and become vested in the said Local Board.

3. — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Acts shall be satisfied by the said

Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and if such property and estate shall be insufficient for that purpose, then their debts and liabilities may be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858; and it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums as shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities.

4. — All expenses under the unrepealed portions of the said Acts shall be borne by the

rates leviable in the said District under the said Local Government Act, as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act.

5. — The provisions of the said herein-before recited Local Acts not hereby repealed, and of the Acts incorporated in whole or in part with the said herein-before recited Local Acts or any of them, shall, except as herein-after provided, extend to the whole of the said District, and shall be incorporated with the said Local Government Act, and the said Local Board shall be the Commissioners for executing the said Acts: Provided that sections 34 and 35 of the said firstly herein-before recited Local Act, and section 102 of the said secondly herein-before recited Local Act, and sections 47 and 50 of the said thirdly herein-before recited Local Act, shall apply only to the Districts to which they respectively applied before the passing of any Act confirming thi* present Order.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Gbey.

Schedule* to which this Order refers.

The sections to be retained in the herein-before recited Local Acts are, —

1. — In the said firstly herein-before recited Local Act (10 & 11 Vict c. 257.), the

sections numbered respectively 30, 32, 34, 35, 52, 53 to 57, both inclusive.

2. — In the said secondly herein-before recited Local Act (6 Vict. c. 35.), the sections

numbered respectively 101, 102, 103, 112, 135, 136, 137. So much of sections 189 to 202 (both inclusive) as enables the Commissioners to grant licences to carters, porters, barrowmen, draymen, or persons otherwise employed in carrying or conveying goods, wares, or merchandise, and to license sedan chairs, and so much as relates to such licences when granted.

3. — In the said thirdly herein-before recited Act (20 & 21 Vict. c. 37.), the 16th section,

in so far as it incorporates the following sections of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847; viz., sections 53, 98, 147 to 151 (both inclusive), 196, 197; and the

348

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

section numbered 20, in so far as relates to the interpretation of the 53rd section of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847; 32, 34, 47, 49, 50. So much of section 61 as relates to the incorporation of the Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847. So much of section 84 as relates to abusive language; 85, 86, and 97, except as to the first proviso of the last herein-before recited section *

TUNBRIDGE WELLS.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Acts in force within the District of the Board of Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners.

Whereas the Board of Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a petition to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Acts of Parliament in force within their district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846; and A certain other Act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth year of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860 (No. 2.), so far as the said Act relates to the aforesaid Tunbridge Wells District.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — All the parte of the said herein-before recited Acts shall be repealed, except the sections specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

Given under my hand, this Eleventh day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four#

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which the preceding Order refers.

The sections of the herein-before recited Act of 9 & 10 Vict., intituled The Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, to be retained, are as follow: —

The preamble and first section of the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, relating to the waterworks, as affecting the Earl of Abergavenny, and the waterworks and market rights, as affecting Jonn Ward, his heirs and assigns.

Also, the following sections of the said Act, viz., Section 8 (relating to the title of the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846).

Section 9. (Such portion only as describes the title of the Commissioners as the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners.)

Sections 37, 70, and 71.

Sections 80, 85, 97, 119, 120, 123, and 133.

Section 137. The penal part of the section, and the clause, "That every person " who shall use any threatening, abusive, or insulting words or behaviour, with " intent, &c."

Sections

349

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 83.

Sections 142 to 149, both inclusive.

Sections 167, 176 to 187, both inclusive, 218, 219, 221, 224, 227, and 228. Sections 243 to 247, both inclusive, and sections 249 to 251, both inclusive.

TUNBRIDGE WELLS.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Tunbridge Wells in the

Counties of Kent and Sussex.

Whereas a petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly signed by the Board of Tunbridge Wells Improvement Commissioners, acting under and by virtue of the Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, and the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860, (No. 2.), praying for an alteration of the boundaries of their District.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The boundaries of the District of the aforesaid Board of Tunbridge Wells Improve-

ment Commissioners, acting as herein-before described, be altered as follows, viz.: — By the addition of a piece of land situate in the Parish of Frant, lying beyond the limits of the said District, and between it and a certain new road called the Broadwater Down Road, leading into the Eridge Road near Strawberry Hill. (The said piece of land being shown and bounded, by a red line on the plan accompanying the herein-before described petition, and marked No. 1. The new boundary line to pass on the outward side of the said road, so as to include the same within its limits.) Also, by the exclusion from the limits of the said District of a piece of land in the occupation of David Salomons, Esquire, situate in the Parish of Tunbridge, and bounded towards the east and south-east by the north side of the highway leading from the bridge near Huntley's Mill to Brightridge Lane towards the present boundary of the Town along the lane or highway sometime since stopped by order of Sessions; and on the north by the south side of the said Brightridge Lane, together with so much of the said lane as lies on the north side of this piece of land as the same is more particularly delineated and shown in the Plan herein-before described, and marked No. 2 .: And by the alteration of the Town boundary in the lane or highway leading from Blackhurst Gate to Hall's Hole, and from thence along the same lane or highway to Wybourne's Gate, as delineated and shown in two plaoes on the Plan herein-before described, and marked No. 3.

2. _At every election of members of the Commissioners aforesaid which shall take place

after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the Commissioners to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so constituted.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WOOLWICH.

350

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

WOOLWICH.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Woolwich Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Land by the said Board for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Woolwich, In the County of Kent, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of carrying out certain street improvements within the District of the said Local Board of Health.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the pieces of land and the buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, &c .; and prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and the Inspector appointed for the purpose has now inquired in the district aforesaid into the subject-matter of such petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Woolwich aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands and buildings referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase mid taking of land otherwise than by agreement

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

Land proposed to be taken. Owners and Occupiers.

The Forecourt of No. 47, Thomas Street or Green's End, Woolwich. Wm. Richardson, John Hodgson, and Mrs. Buckhouse.

The Forecourt of No. 48, Thomas Street or Green's End. Augustus Prater, W. Richardson, and Mrs. Buckhouse.

A Piece of Land adjoining the Forecourt of No. 48, Thomas Street or Green's End. Augustus Prater, W. Richardson, and Mrs. Buckhouse.

The Forecourt of No. 49, Thomas Street or Green's End. George Hudson, Sir Robert Ogilby and his Trustees, Richard Powis Monk and Thomas McBride.

TORMOHAM.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

351

TOBMOHAM.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Tormoham, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Tormoham, in the County of Devon, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for certain street improvements in the said District, as set forth and described in such Petition, and shown on the plan accompanying the Bame *

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Tormoham shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G, Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following: —

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Turnpike Road and Footpaths.

Road ox Passage and Sewer.

Trustees of the Dartmouth, Brixham, and Torquay Turnpike Roads, and Tormoham District Local Board of Health.

Tormoham District Local Board of Health, Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, and Robert Shedden Sulyarde Cary.

Occupiers.

Elizabeth Field, William Prowse, John Pook, and Samuel Setter Border.

William Angleis, John Henry Wyatt, James Weeks, Thomas Matthews^ John Pook, Thomas Weeks, William Wood, Robert Mildon, James Sire.

Qr>

352

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 83

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

3 House Robert Shedden Sulyarde Cary. Elizabeth Field Void.

4 Ditto and Privy Ditto Ditto William Wood.

5 Ditto and Shop Ditto - Ditto Robert Mildon and James Sire.

6 Court Ditto Ditto William Wood, Robert Mildon, and J ames Sire.

7 Passage or Occupation Way and Sewer. Robert Shedden Sulyarde C^ry, Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, and Tor-mohamLocal Board of Health. William Prowse, John Pook, and Samuel Setter Border. William Angleis, John Henry Wyatt, Thomas Matthews, James Weeks, John Pook, and Thomas Weeks.

8 House and Spirit Shop, Stable-yard, and Outbuildings (London Hotel). Robert Shedden Sulyarde Cary. William Prowse William Angleis.

9 House, Shop, and Tenement (10, Fleet Street). Ditto Ditto John Henry Wyatt and William Angleis.

10 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (9, Fleet Street). Ditto - Sir Lawrence Palk, Bart., and Tormoham Local Board of Health. John Shapley James Weeks and John Henry Wyatt.

11 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (8, Fleet Street). Ditto Ditto Thomas Matthews.

12 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (7, Fleet Street). Ditto - John Pook and Samuel Setter Border. John Pook.

13 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (6, Fleet Street). Ditto Ditto Thomas Weeks.

14 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (5, Fleet Street). Ditto John Harvey - George Watts.

15 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (4, Fleet Street). Ditto Ditto Emma Pratt.

16 House, Shop, Court, Sewer, and Passage (4, Fleet Street). Ditto John Harvey, John Shapley, and George William Williams. Mary Inman, George William Williams.

17 House, Shop, Court, and Sewer (3, Fleet Street). Ditto John Shapley and George William Williams. George William Williams.

18 House, Shop, and Sewer (2, Fleet Street). Ditto George Dashper Robert Blackmore.

19 House, Shop, and Sewer (1, Fleet Street). Robert S. S. Cary, Sir L. Palk, and Tormoham Local Board of Health. George Dashper Henry Wreyford.

19a Surface of Sewer and Sewer. Ditto Francis Godfrey, John Kingwell, John Archer Hall, William Staddon, jun., Mary Rossiter, Edmund Bond, John Lawrence, William Browning, and Thos. Samuel Weeks.

191 Ditto Ditto - Richard Shinner *

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83

353

No. on Flan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

19c Surface of Sewer and Sewer. Robert S. S. Cary, Sir L. Palk, and Tormoham Local Board of Health. James Shinner Samuel Setter Border, Mrs. Ann Rippon, Mr. John Podesta, Mr. James Shinner.

20 Road or Public Highway ( George Street). Tormoham Local Board of Health. —

21 House Robert S. S. Cary - Elizabeth Field Frederick Pearce, James Walling, and John Beale.

22 House - Ditto Grace Adams, William Whiteway, Edward Whiteway, John Whiteway. Thomas Weeks.

23 House and Court Ditto - Ditto William Medway, William Manning, Elizabeth Oake.

24 House and Court Ditto William White way - Samuel Stockman, James Lear, James Helmore.

25 House and Court Ditto - Joseph Barnes Thomas Pridham, Joseph Nicholls, James Yule, John Sewart.

26 House and Shop Ditto William Whiteway - Jno. Thomas Lee, Henry Pudner, John Wotton.

27 House and Court Ditto - Mary Field - Thomas Wills, Henry Morris Treeby, Henry Havill, Richard Ford, and William Lamb.

28 Stable and Coachhouse, with Workshop over. Ditto John Knight Carroll William Crocker.

29 House and Court Ditto - Agnes Staddon Emanuel Charles, Henry Haw kin, John Angel.

30 House, Outbuildings, and Court. Ditto Thomas Mudge John Loughlin and Richard Heath.

31 House and Tenements, Cellar, Outbuildings, and Court. Ditto - Ditto and George Drew. George Drew, William Nieass.

32 House, Shop, Bakehouse, and Court, Ditto Joseph Barnes Joseph Banies.

33 Yard and Shed Ditto - Ditto Ditto.

34 House and Court Ditto Francis Godfrey Francis Godfrey, John Kingwell.

35 Warehouse and garden. Ditto - Ditto Francis Godfrey.

36 House, Court, and Outbuildings. Ditto William Hall John Archer Hall.

37 Garden Ditto - Ditto Ditto.

38 House, Stable, Court, and Outbuildings. Ditto William Staddon William Staddon, jun., William Gilson, John Roberts.

39 Garden Ditto - Ditto William Staddon, jun.

40 House and Court Ditto John Watson, Jno. Evomy Norman, and Thomas Woodcock. Susanna Howe.

41 Garden Ditto Ditto Ditto.

42 House Ditto John Hayward, Thomas Samuel Weeks. Mary Rossiter, Thomas Samuel Weeks.

43 Garden - - Ditto Ditto Ditto.

House, Shop, Candle Factory, Yard, and Outbuildings. Ditto - Ditto, and Edmund Bond. Edmund Bond.

27 & 28 VICT. Z z

No.

on

Plan.

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

59

60

61

62

63

64

65

66

66a

67

68

69

70

71

72

73

74

75

76

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Description of Land intended to be taken.

Garden and Pump

House

Garden -

House," Blue Bell Inn." Garden and Yard Road or Footway

Robert S. S. Cary -

Ditto - Ditto Ditto - Ditto -Tormoham Local Board of Health.

John Hayward, Thomas Samuol Weeks, and Edmund Bond. Robert Prowse Ditto

John Harvey -

Ditto

Edmund Bond.

John Lawrence.

Ditto.

William Browning. Ditto.

House and Tenement

Garden, Yard, and Shed.

House, Yard, and Outbuildings," Forester's Arms."

Robert S. S. Cary - Ditto - Ditto

John Shapiey and Richard Shinller.

Ditto

Ditto

Richard Shinner.

Ditto.

Thomas Chapman.

Garden -

House, Store, and Court.

House and Court Garden

House and Court

Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto Ditto - Ditto -

House and Court - Ditto

Garden - - - Ditto -

House, Tenement, and Court," Four-in-IIand."

Garden and Shed House, Shop, Tenement, and Court. Garden and Shod House and Shop

Ditto -

Ditto Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto

Garden

Ditto -

Void Ground - - Ditto

House and Garden - Ditto -

House and Garden

Ditto

House and Garden

Ditto -

House and Garden House and Garden

Ditto

Ditto

House, Garden, Court, and Outbuildings.

House, Garden, Court, and Outbuildings.

Shop and Workshop -

Shop

Yard, Brewhouse, Malthouse, Shed, and Buildings.

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Torquay Gas Company.

Ditto

- Ditto

- Mrs. Anno Stark

Ditto

Ditto

- James Skinner

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

- William Lander, Isa-

bella Lander.

Ditto

- i Mrs. Anno Stark 1 James Shinner

Ditto -- William Whiteway -

- Mrs. Mary Bridgman

Ditto - and Charles Matcham and Edward Barlow Hussey.

- William Prowse

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto.

William Northcott.

William Gardner.

Ditto.

John Webber, Susan Gilpin.

James Hayward.

John Webber and James Hayward.

Mark Westaway, Henry Bond.

Ditto.

Mark Westaway and Nicholas Tapson.

Mark Westaway.

Mrs. Sarah. Tope.

Ditto, and Mrs. Anne Stark.

Mrs. Anne Stark.

Mrs. Anne Stark, Mrs. Willmott Lawson, Joseph Thomas.

Mrs. Anno Stark, Joseph Thomas.

Richard Luscombe,

Henry Kingcombe,

James Ilammick.

Henry Clode.

Charles Matcham and

Edward Barlow Hus-

sey.

David Pike.

Nicholas Gerry.

Ditto.

David Pike.

William Prowse.

id

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 83, 84

355

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

77 Toll House - Trustees of the Dartmouth, Brixham, and Torquay Turnpike Roads. - In hand.

78 House and Shop Robert S. S. Cary and William Prowse. William Prowse John Mogridge, Maria Mogridge, Fanny Mogridge, Elizabeth Mogridge.

79 House, Shop, and Offices. Ditto Ditto William Glynn and Joseph Whiteway Parsons.

80 House and Shop Ditto Ditto William Coniam.

81 House, Shop, and Passage. Robert S. S. Cary - Ditto James Dart and Mrs. Maria Steer.

82 House and Passage - " Ditto - Ditto William Hall.

83 House and Passage - Ditto Ditto Sarah Head.

84 Yard and Sawpit Ditto - 1 - Ditto William Prowse.

85 House, Shop, Yard, Workshop, and Outbuildings. Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet. John Sharland George Sharland, Thomas Sharland.

86 House Ditto Ditto Henry Powlson, Thomas Memery.

87 House, Bar, Stable, Skittle Alley, and Outbuildings," Devon Arms." Robert S. S. Cary - Philip Nickels, John Evomy Norman, and Thos. Woodcock and Alfred Saunders. Alfred Saunders.

88 Occupation Road Ditto Philip Nickels and Edward Selley. Alfred Saunders and William David Marler.

89 House and Shop Ditto Edward Selley Wm. David Marler.

90 House and Shop Ditto Ditto Mrs. Mary Ann Whitworth.

91 House and Garden - Ditto - Harriett Luscombo - Harriett Luscombe.

92 House and Garden - Ditto - Ditto James Wills.

93 Waste Ground Ditto Henry Adams Henry Adams.

94 Public Steps and Footpath. Tormoham Local Board of Health.

95 Waste Ground Robert S. S. Cary - In hand.

96 Washhouses, Closets, Yards, Ashpit, Larder, Scullery, and Buildings. Ditto Mary Rossi ter, John Hayward, Thomas Samuel Weeks, and Henry Burton. John Hayward, Albert Davey, George Allery, Richard Williams, Jane O'Neil, and Thomas Lear.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for continuing various expiring Acts.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in the First Column of the Schedule hereto are wholly, or as to certain Provisions thereof, limited to expire at the Times specified in respect of such Acts in the Fourth Column of the said Schedule: And whereas it is expedient to continue such Acts, in so far as they are temporary in their c Duration, for the Times mentioned in respect of such Acts respectively in the Fifth

[Short Title.]

Continuance of Acts in Schedule.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 84.

Column of the said Schedule Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act maybe cited for all Purposes as the " Expiring Laws Continuance Act,

1864."

2. The Acts mentioned in Column One of the said Schedule, and the Acts, if any, amending the same, shall, in so far as such Acts or any Provisions thereof are temporary in their Duration, be continued until the Times respectively specified in respect of such Acts in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

1. Original Acts. 2. Amending Acts 3. How far temporary. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until

3 & 4 Vict. c. 91 -Linen, Hempen, Cotton, and other Manufactures (Ireland). 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. Whole Act Five Years from the Date of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 25., i.e.i 5 Years from the 13th August 1859. 13th August 1869.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. 14 & 15 Vict. As to Appoint- 23d July 1864, and End 23d July 1865,

Poor Laws (Ireland). c. 68. ment of Commissioners, &c. of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) and End of then next Session.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. - As to Provisions 1st August 1863, and 1st August 1865,

Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. End of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). 20 & 21 Vict. c. 7. Whole Act 1st August 1864, and End of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) 1st August 1865, and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. Sheep and Cattle diseased. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 62. Whole Act 1st August 1864, and End of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) 1st August 1865, and End of then next Session.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. 17 & 18 Vict 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. Whole Act 1st January 1864, and End of then next Ses-. sion. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) 1st January 1865, and End of then next Session.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 117. Incumbered Estates (West Indies). 21 & 22 Vict. c. 96. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 45. As to Appointment of Commissioners. 2d August 1863, and End of then next Session. (21 & 22 Vict. c. 96.) 2d August 1865.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England) Act. As to Appointment of Inspectors, s. 31. 1st October 1864 1st October 1865.

357

.27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the Prevention of Contagious Diseases at certain Naval and Military Stations.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provisions calculated to prevent the spreading - of certain Contagious Diseases in the Places to which this Act applies: *

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864.

2. In this Act —

The Term " Contagious Disease" means Venereal Disease, including Gonorrhoea:

The Term " Hospital " includes Ward of a Hospital:

The Term " public Place" means a Thoroughfare or other public Street or Place, or a House or Room which is open to the Inspection of the Police.

3. The Places to which this Act applies shall be the Places mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, the Limits of which Places shall for the Purposes of this Act be such as are defined in that Schedule.

4. Expenses incurred in the Execution of this Act shall be paid under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing his Office (hereafter in this Act styled the Admiralty), and of such One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as Her Majesty thinks fit for the Time being to intrust with the Seals of the War Department (hereafter in this Act styled the Secretary of State for War), out of Money to be provided by Parliament for the Purpose.

5. The Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War shall, on the passing of this Act, appoint a Superior Medical Officer of Her Majesty's Navy or Army to be, during Pleasure, Inspector of Hospitals certified under this Act, and may from Time to Time, on the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of any such Inspector, appoint another such Officer in his Stead.

6. On the Application of the Authorities having the Direction or Management of any Hospital desiring that such Hospital should be certified under this Act, the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War may direct the Inspector of Hospitals to examine and report to them on the Condition of that Hospital, and on the Regulations established for its Direction and Management.

7. If on such Examination and Report the Hospital appears to the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War to be useful and efficient for the Purposes of this Act, and is certified in Writing to be so by the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War, the same shall be deemed a Certified Hospital for the Purposes of this Act; and every such Hospital is in this Act referred to as a Certified Hospital; and the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War shall state in their Certificate what Persons or Officers for the Time being are to be deemed the Authorities of the Hospital for the Purpose of exercising the Powers herein-after given, and the Persons or Officers so stated shall be such Authorities accordingly.

8. The Inspector shall from Time to Time visit and inspect every Certified Hospital.

9. If on the Report of the Inspector respecting any Certified Hospital the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for War think proper to withdraw their Certificate, that Hospital shall thereupon cease to be a Certified Hospital for the Purposes of this Act.

10. A Notice shall be published in the London or Dublin Gazette (as the Case may require) of the Granting or Withdrawal of any Certificate relative to any Hospital under this Act; and a Copy of the Gazette containing any such Notice shall be sufficient Evidence of such Granting or Withdrawal; and any such Certificate shall be presumed to be in force until the Withdrawal thereof is proved.

11. Where

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of TermB.

Act to extend only to Places in Schedule.

Provision as to Expenses of Act

Appointment of Inspector of Hospitals under this Act

Hospitals to be examined and reported on.

Power to certify Hospitals on such Examination and Report.

Hospital to be inspected from Time to Time. Power to withdraw Certificate.

The Granting or Withdrawal of Certificate to be published in Gazette.

358 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

On Informa- H. Where an Information, in the Form given in the Second Schedule to this Act, or to non, Justice ^he uke Effect, is laid before a Justice of the Peace by a Superintendent or Inspector of Noficeto Metropolitan Police, or by a Superintendent or Inspector of Police or Constabulary autho-Woman named rized to act in any Place to which this Act applies, or by any Medical Practitioner duly in Information. regi8tered as such, the Justice may, if he thinks fit, issue to the Woman named in the Information a Notice in the Form given in the same Schedule, or to the like Effect.

Constable to 12. A Constable or other Peace Officer shall serve such Notice on the Woman to whom ^Voman6 19 directed, by delivering the same to her personally, or by leaving the same with some Person for her at her last or usual Place of Abode.

Justice may order Medical Examination at Certified Hospital.

Medical Examination at Certified Hospital.

Power for Woman to submit to Examination voluntarily.

13. In either of the following Cases; namely, —

(1.) If the Woman on whom such Notice is served appears herself, or by some Person on her Behalf, at the Time and Place appointed in the Notice, or at some other Time and Place appointed by Adjournment:

(2.) If she does not so appear, and it is shown (on Oath) to the Justice present that the Notice was served on her a reasonable Time before the Time appointed for her Appearance, or that reasonable Notice of such Adjournment was given to her (as the Case may be):

the Justice present, on Oath being made before him substantiating the Matter of the Information to his Satisfaction, may, if he thinks fit, order such Woman to be taken to a Certified Hospital for Medical Examination.

14. Such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant for any Constable or Peace Officer to whom the Order is delivered, to apprehend such Woman, and to convey her with all practicable Speed to the Hospital therein named, and for the Authorities of the Hospital to cause her to be examined by some Medical Officer of such Hospital, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether or not she has a Contagious Disease, and in case, on such Examination, it is ascertained that she has a Contagious Disease, then to detain her in the Hospital for Twenty-four Hours from the Time of her being brought there.

15. Any Woman on whom Notice is served by any Constable or Peace Officer, in pursuance of this Act, may signify to him her Willingness to submit herself voluntarily for Examination to the Medical Officers of the nearest Certified Hospital; and in that Case it shall be the Duty of such Constable or Peace Officer to accompany her to such Hospital, and her Examination shall then be made in the same Manner and with the same Consequences as if she had been brought to that Hospital to be examined in pursuance of the Order of a Justice.

Under Order of 16. Within the said Period of Twenty-four Hours the Authorities of such Hospital Ju8tiwWoa!i cause a Certificate, signed by the Medical Officer who has made such Examination, for^edicaime<l 8ta^ng (if the Fact be so) that on such Examination it has been ascertained that such Treatment in Woman has a Contagious Disease, to be made out and laid before the Justice by whom the Hospital. Order was made, or some other Justice having the like Jurisdiction; and thereupon such Justice may, if he thinks fit, order the Authorities of such Hospital to detain such Woman in the Hospital for Medical Treatment until discharged by such Authorities, and such Order shall be a sufficient Warrant to such Authorities to detain such Woman, and such Authorities shall detain her accordingly; provided that no Woman shall be detained under any such Order for a longer Period than Three Months.

Penalty for 17. If any Woman ordered as aforesaid to be taken to a Certified Hospital for Medical examin^d^r^o Examination refuses to submit to such Examination, or if any Woman ordered to be conform to detained in a Certified Hospital for Medical Treatment refuses or wilfully neglects while in Rules, or quit- the Hospital to conform to the Regulations thereof, or quits the Hospital without being ting Hospital, discharged from the same as aforesaid, every such Woman shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction thereof before Two or more Justices of the Peace shall be liable to Imprisonment in the Case of a First Offence, for any Term not exceeding One Month and in the Case of a Second or any subsequent Offence for any Term not exceeding Two Months.

18. If

2T & 28° VICTORIA, c. 85.

18. If any Person, being the Owner or Occupier of any House, Room, or Place within the Limits of any Place to which this Act applies, or being a Manager or Assistant in the Management thereof, knowing or having reasonable Cause to believe any common Prostitute to have a Contagious Disease, induces or suffers such common Prostitute to resort to or be in such House, Room, or Place for the Purpose of Prostitution, every such Person shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction thereof before Two or more Justices of the Peace shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, or, at the Discretion of the Justices, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Months, with or without Hard Labour.

Provided that a Conviction under this Enactment shall not exempt the Offender from any penal or other Consequences to which he or she may be liable for keeping or being concerned in keeping a Bawdy House or Disorderly House, or for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

19. All Proceedings under this Act before and by Justices shall be had, in England according to the Provisions of the Act of the Session of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Forty-three)," to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices " of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders," and in Ireland according to the Provisions of The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851, save so far as those Provisions respectively are inconsistent with any Provision of this Act, and save also that, except where the Woman concerning whom an Information is laid under this Act in the Form given in the Second Schedule desires the contrary, the Room or Place in which a Justice sits to inquire into the Truth of the Statements contained in any such Information shall not be deemed an open Court for that Purpose, and, except in the Case aforesaid, such Justice may in his Discretion order that no Person have Access to or be or remain in that Room without his Consent or Permission

20. The Forms of Orders and Certificate given in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be used for the Purposes of this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances may require.

21. For the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, — all Actions and

Prosecutions against any Person for anything done in pursuance or execution or intended execution of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Three Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action and of the Cause thereof shall be given to the Defendant One Month at least before the Commencement of the Action; and in any such Action the Defendant may plead generally that the Act complained of was done in pursuance or execution or intended execution of this Act, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and the Plaintiff shall not recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends is made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money is paid into Court after such Action brought, by or on behalf of the Defendant; and if a Verdict passes for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff becomes nonsuit, or discontinues any such Action after Issue joined, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment is given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant has by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict is given for the Plaintiff in any such Action, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant unless the Judge before whom the Trial is had certifies his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict.

22. This Act shall not come into force in any Place mentioned in the said First Schedule until a Hospital situate within or within Fifty Miles of the outward Limits of such Place shall have been duly certified and Notice of its having been so certified been duly given in manner provided by this Act

23. This Act shall continue in force for Three Years from the passing thereof, and no longer.

The

359

Penalty for permitting Prostitute having Contagious Disease to resort to any House, &c. for Prostitution.

Application of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 43. and 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Forms in Second Schedule to be used.

Limitation of Actions, &c.

As to Time of this Act coming into force.

Continuance of Act,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Names of Places.

Limits of Places.

Portsmouth -

Plymouth -

Woolwich -Chatham

Sheerness -Aldershot -

The Limits of the Municipal Borough of Portsmouth, and of the Residue of the Island of Portsea, and of the Parish of Alverstoke, and of the Township of Landport.

The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, —

St. Andrew,

Charles the Martyr, St. Peter,

St. James the Less, Holy Trinity,

Christ Church,

St. John,

Stoke Damerel,

St. James the Great, St Paul,

St. Mary,

St Stephen,

St George,

Plymouth.

Devonport, Stoke, and Morice Town.

Stonehouse.

The Limits of the Parishes of Woolwich, Plumstead, and Charlton.

The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, —

Chatham,

Gillingham,

St. Nicholas, Rochester,

St Margaret, Rochester,

Strood, and Frindsbury,

and of the Hamlet of Grange, otherwise Grench.

The Limits of the Parish of Minster, and of the Township of Queenborough.

The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, —

Purbright,

in the County of Surrey.

Ash,

Compton,

Pepper Harrow,

Frimley,

Puttenham,

Seal, and Tongham,

ELtead,

Farnham,

Bisley,

Aldershot,

Yateley,

Crondall,

Dogmersfield,

Winchfield,

Hartley Wintney, y Cove,

Eversley,

Farnborough,

Binstead,

Bentley,

Sandhurst, in the County of Berks.

in the County of Hants.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 85

361

Names of Places. limits of Places.

Colchester - The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, — St. Botolph. St. Giles. St. Mary at the Wall. Old Trinity. St Runwcdd's. St. Peter's.

Shorncliffe The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, — Cheriton. Hythe. Folkestone.

The Curragh - The Limits of the following Parishes; namely, — Kilcullen. Kildare. Ballysax. Great Conwell. Morristown-beller.

Cork - The Limits of the Borough of Cork for Municipal Purposes.

Queenstown The Limits of the Town of Queenstown for the Purposes of Town Improvement

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form of Information.

}The Information of <7.D. of, Superintendent of Police

for [or Medical Practitioner, or as the Case may

be], taken this Day of 186, before the undersigned.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of,

who says he has good Cause to believe that A.B. of in the [County] of

is a common Prostitute, and has a Contagious Disease within the Meaning of The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, and within Fourteen Days before the Date of this Information, that is to say, on day, the

Day of, was in a public Place within the Limits of a

Place to which the said Act applies, that is to say, in Street, in the Parish

of, for the Purpose of Prostitution.

Taken before me the Day and Year first above mentioned.

(Signed) L.M.

Form of Notice.

To A.B. of

Take Notice, that an Information, a Copy whereof is subjoined hereto, has been laid before me, and that, in accordance with the Provisions of the Act therein mentioned, the Truth of the Statements therein contained will be inquired into before me, or some other Justice, at, on the Day of, at

o'Clock.

You are, therefore, to appear before me, or such other Justice, at that Place and Time, and to answer to what is stated in the said Information.

You may appear yourself, or by any Person on your Behalf.

If you do not appear, you may be ordered, without further Notice, to be taken to a Certified Hospital for Medical Examination.

27 & 28 Vict. 3 A If

362

16 & 17 Vict. c. 63.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 85, 86.

If you prefer it, you may go with the Constable \or as the Case may be] who serves this Notice to the Hospital at and submit yourself there

tp Medical Examination.

Dated this Day of

(Signed) L.M.

Justice of the Peace for [Subjoin Copy of Information.]

Form of Order for Examination.

}Be it remembered, that on the Day of, in pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, I, One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of, do order

that A.B. of be taken to Hospital (being a Certified

Hospital within the Meaning of the said Act) for Medical Examination.

(Signed) L.M.

Form of Medical Certificate.

To L.M., Esq., and others. Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [County] of

In pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, I hereby certify that I have this Day examined in this Hospital A.B. of, and that she has a

Contagious Disease within the Meaning of the said Act.

Dated at the Hospital this Day

of 186.

(Signed) E.F. House Surgeon to the

[or as the Case may be-\.

Hospital

Form of Order for Detention in Hospital.

To the Authorities of the Hospital at

In pursuance of The Contagious Diseases Prevention Act, 1864, I, One of Her to -wit Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said [County] of,

do order that A.B. of be detained in the Hospital at for Medical Treatment until duly discharged by you, and I do

command you to detain her accordingly; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant Dated this Day of 186 .

(Signed) L.M.

C A p; LXXXVI.

An Act to permit for a limited Period Compositions for Stamp Duty on Bank Post Bills of Five Pounds and upwards in Ireland.

[29th July 1864.]

AA/ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's 5 Reign, Chapter Sixty-three, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are

authorized and empowered to compound and agree with all or any Bankers in Scotland or elsewhere for a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable on the Bills of Exchange ' of such Bankers: And whereas it is expedient to permit Bankers in Ireland for a ' limited Period to compound for the Stamp Duties payable on their Bank Post Bills as

f well

363

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 86, 87.

well as on their Bills of Exchange Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and they are Power to hereby authorized and empowered to compound and agree with any Banker in Ireland for a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable on the Bank Post Bills to be made or Bankers in drawn by such Banker at any Time during the Period of Three Years from the passing of Ireland for the this Act for any Sum of Money amounting to Five Pounds or upwards, and such Compo- on

sitiom shall be made on the like Terms and Conditions and with such Security as the said Bills for a Commissioners are by the said Act empowered to require in the Case of compounding for Period of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange; and upon such Composition being entered into ThreC Years* by such Banker it shall be lawful for him, during the Period aforesaid, to make, draw, and issue all such Bank Post Bills, for which Composition shall have been made, on unstamped Paper, anything in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Publication of Accounts of Com imported, and to Returns of Purchases and Sales of Corn.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty 5 & 6 Vict.

" Queen Victoria (Chapter Fourteen,) 44 to amend the Laws for the Importation of c- 14 *

Corn," Provision is made for the Publication of monthly Accounts of Com imported,

and of Matters connected therewith, and also for the Ascertainment from Time to Time of the Average Prices of British Cora:

And whereas the Duties assigned by that Act to the Officer thereby authorized to 4 b? appointed, called the Comptroller of Corn Returns, are now performed in a Department of the Office of the Board of Trade:

And whereas with a view to a Diminution of the Expense occasioned by the Publication of Accounts and Averages, and incurred in the Performance of the Duties of the Office of Comptroller of Corn Returns, it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act be altered in some Particulars: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and After 31 Dec.

sixty-four the following Parts of the said Act shall be repealed; namely, — 1864 the Parts

Sections Seven, Ten, and Eleven: of therein* '

So much as relates to the making, collecting, or transmitting of Returns of the Purchases named shall be and Sales of Rye, Pease, or Beans, or to the making up or computing of any average repealed. Prices of Rye, Pease, or Beans, or as provides or implies that, with reference to any Returns or average Prices, Rye, Pease, and Beans are comprised in the Term Corn as therein used:

So much as relates to Returns of Purchases and Sales of Corn in and from the Cities and Towns named in the Schedule to this Act:

And from and after the same Day, notwithstanding anything in the said Act, there shall be published weekly in the London Gazette only the aggregate weekly Sales and Averages of Prices of Corn, and not any Returns received from particular Cities and Towns.

2. For the Purposes of the said Act, and of every other Enactment now in force Officer of relative to the Comptroller of Corn Returns, and for all other Purposes, such Person ^ated by6

3 A 2

employed

364 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

£*(^mpteoller cmpl°yd in the Office of the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council of Cora appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations as

Retains. shall be from Time to Time nominated in this Behalf by the Lords of the said Committee

shall be the Comptroller of Corn Returns.

SCHEDULE of Cities and Towns to which this Act refers.

COUNTIES, TOWNS. 1 COUNTIES. TOWNS.

Cheshire Congleton. Wiltshire Swindon.

Macclesfield. Devizes.

Stockport. I Salisbury.

Lancaster - Blackburn. Troubridge.

Bury. Chippenham.

Rochdale. Staffordshire - Stafford.

Derby - Chesterfield. Burton-on-Trent.

Nottingham - Mansfield. Lichfield.

Retford. I u £ a 3 § 1

Leicester - Loughborough. Stone.

Hinckley. Uttoxeter.

Lutterworth. Walsall.

Northampton - Peterborough. Wolverhampton.

Daventry. Hertfordshire - Bishop Stortford.

W ellingborough. St. Albans.

Kettering. Hemel Hempstead.

Warwickshire - Warwick. Hitchin.

Stratford-on-Avon. Surrey . Croydon.

Worcester - Bromsgrove. Kingston.

Kidderminster. Dorking.

Stourbridge. Essex - Chipping Ongar.

Evesham. Saffron Walden.

Gloucester Cheltenham. Braintreo.

Dursley. Kent m Chatham and Rocheatef.

North Leach. Dovor.

Stroud. Gravesend.

Somersetshire - Somerton. t Ashford.

Shepton Mallet. Sussex - Brighton.

Wellington. i East Grinstead.

Wiveliscomb. Battle.

Monmouthshire - Newport. i Arundel.

Devonshire - Oakhampton. t Hastings.

Tiverton. i Midhurst.

Honiton. Shoreham.

Cornwall - Falmouth. Bedford - Leighton Buzzard.

C&liington., Luton.

Liskeard. Berkshire - Abingdon.

St. Columb. Maidenhead.

Dorsetshire - Poole. Newbury.

Hampshire Christchurch. Wallingford.

Rutland - Okeham* Bucks - Buckingham.

Hereford - Leominster. High Wycombe.

Hereford. Newport Pagnol.

Kington. Oxfordshire - Banbury.

Shropshire - Shrewsbury. Henley.

Ludlow. Witney.

Newport. 1 Chipping Norton.

Oswestry. Cambridge - Newmarket.

Wellington. Norfolk - Swaffham

Wenlock. Lincoln - Barton on Humber.

Whitchurch. Bourne.

Market Drayton. Grantham.

365

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 87, 88.

-7n. "1 — COUNTIES. TOWNS. | . ., ..... j COUNTIES. TOWNS. j

Lincoln — cont. Grimsby. j York — cont. Rotherham.

Horncastle. Otley.

Market Raisin. i Thorne.

Caistor. Cumberland Wigton.

Alford. 1 Maryport.

Holbech. i Workington.

Long Sutton. Wales Brecon.

York Barnsley. Mold.

Bedale. Bangor.

Bradford. Cow bridge.

Doncaster. Newtown.

Knaresborough. Cor wen.

Pickering. Welshpool.

Richmond. Llangefni.

Ripon. | Llandillo.

Selby. j Knighton.

Skipton. Swansea.

Thirsk. I

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Traffic on Westminster Bridge, and for the Prevention of Obstructions thereon.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that better Provision should be made for the Regulation of private and public Carriages, Carts, Drays, Waggons, and other Vehicles passing over Westminster Bridge and its Approaches Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1# It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being to make from Time to Time such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they may think necessary or expedient for all or any of the Purposes following; (that is to say, ).

For regulating the particular Portions of Westminster Bridge and its Approaches to be used by all or any public or private Carriages, Carts, Drays, Waggons, or other Vehicles, or for preventing Obstructions on the said Bridge or its Approaches.

Power to Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to make Byelaws, See. for Purposes herein named.

2. Such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations may at any Time be varied, altered. Byelaws may or repealed as may be considered expedient by the Authority aforesaid; and the said be varied or Commissioners shall not be in any Manner liable for any Loss, Costs, Damage, or Expense repealed' that may accrue or arise, or be alleged to have accrued or arisen to any Person or Vehicle by reason or in consequence of any such Byelaw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, or of any Act done in accordance with or in obedience to any Byelaw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, provided such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, or Regulations, be not repugnant to the Provisions of this Act.

3. Every Person who shall offend against any of such Byelaws, Rules, Orders, and Penalties im-Regulations shall be liable to a Penalty of not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence. reac 0

Byelaws,

4. The

and to be recovered as 2 & 3 Vict. c. 47.

Publication of Byelaws.

Effect of past Orders in Council under Sect 5. of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 94.

Effect of future Orders in Council.

Saving of Rights of all Persons.

Land, &c. vested under this Act to be held according to

27 & 28 Vict. c. 57.

[Short Title.]

27 & 28 Vict c. 18.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 88, 89, 90.

4. The Penalties imposed by this Act shall be recoverable in the same Manner and subject to the same Provisions as Penalties imposed by the Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven," for farther improving the Police in and " near the Metropolis."

6. No Byelaw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, or any Alteration thereof, shall come into force until Fourteen Days after the same shall have been advertised in the London Gazette and in One or more of the London daily Newspapers.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to amend The Defence Act, 1842.

[29th July 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where, under Section Five of The Defence Act, 1842, any Order in Council has been made before the passing of this Act transferring to any Body or Persons, for any Public Service, the Management, Control, and Use of any Land, the Land in the Order comprised; with the Appurtenances, shall, from the passing of this Act, be vested in the Body or Persons in the Order described for an absolute Estate in Fee Simple, in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Public Service in the Order mentioned.

2. Where, under the said Section, any Order in Council is made after the passing of this Act, whereby any Hereditaments are expressed to be transferred to any Body or Persons for any Public Service, the Hereditaments in the Order comprised shall by virtue of the Order and of this Act be vested, to all Intents, at Law and in Equity, in the Body or Persons to whom the Transfer is expressed to be made, for the Estate or Interest for which the same are in the Order expressed to be transferred, to be held by the Body or Persons aforesaid in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Public Service in the Order mentioned.

3. Nothing in this Act shall affect any Estate, Interest, Right, or Claim in or to any Land or Hereditaments comprised in any such Order, made or to be made, other than such Estate, Interest, Right, or Claim as at the Time of the making of the Order was or is had therein or thereto by or in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

4. Any Land or Hereditaments vested under this Act in the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing his Office, shall so vest and shall be held and used subject and according to the Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, as if the same had been purchased or taken by Agreement under that Act

5. This Act may be cited as " The Defence Act Amendment Act, 1864."

CAP. XC.

An Act to amend an Act of the present Session, Chapter Eighteen, as to the Stamp Duties on certain Letters or Powers of Attorney.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, Chapter Eighteen, ' certain Stamp Duties are granted and imposed for and upon any Letter or Power of

Attorney for the Sale, Transfer, or Acceptance of any of the Government or Parliamentary ' Stocks or Funds, and also for and upon any Letter or Power of Attorney for the Receipt

of

367

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 90, 91.

of Dividends of any such Stocks or Funds; and Doubts have arisen whether both the said Duties may not be chargeable upon one and the same Instrument Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. No Letter or Power of Attorney made for the Sale, Transfer, or Acceptance of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, and duly stamped in that Behalf, shall be chargeable with any further or other Stamp Duty by reason of its containing therein any Authority for the .Receipt of Dividends on any such Stocks or Funds.

2. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether certain Letters or Writings herein- after described are chargeable with Stamp Duty as Letters or Powers of Attorney Be it enacted, That no Letter or other Writing under Hand only containing any Request or Direction to any Joint Stock or other Company or Society, or to any Secretary, Treasurer, or other Officer thereof, or to any Banker, by the Owner or Proprietor of any Stocks, Funds, or Shares of or in any such Company or Society, to pay the Dividends or Interest arising from any such Stocks, Funds, or Shares to any Person named in such Order, Request, or Direction, shall be chargeable with Stamp Duty as a Letter or Power of Attorney.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the more effectual Protection of Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores.

[29th July 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Naval and Victualling Stores Act, 1864.

2. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

3. In this Act —

The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " Dealer in Marine Stores" means a Person bound to conform to the Regulations of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, Section Four hundred and eighty:

The Term " Dealer in old Metals'" has the same Meaning as in The Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861:

The Term " in Her Majesty's Service," when applied to Persons, applies also to Persons in the Employment of the Admiralty:

The Term " Stores " includes any single Store or Article.

4. The Naval and Victualling Stores Act, 1862, is hereby repealed; but this Repeal or anything in this Act shall not apply to or in respect of any Offence, Act, or Thing committed or done before the passing of this Act.

6. The Marks described in the Schedule to this Act may be applied in or on Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores to denote Her Majesty's Property in Stores so marked.

It shall be lawful for the Admiralty, .their Contractors, Officers, and Workmen, to apply the said Marks or any of them in or on any such Stores as are described in the said Schedule.

If any Person, without lawful Authority (Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused), applies any of the said Marks in or on any such Stores he shall be guilty of a

Misdemeanour,

Letters of Attorney, &c. how to be charged with Stamp Duty.

Atto Letters requesting that Dividends or Interest of Stocks, &c. may be paid to Nominees.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act

Interpretation of Terms.

25 & 26 Vict c. 64. repealed as to future Offences.

Marks in

Schedule appropriated for Her Majesty's Naval and Victualling Stores.

Imitation a Misdemeanour.

Obliteration, with Intent to conceal Her Majesty's Property, Felony.

Knowingly receiving, &c. marked Stores a Misdemeanour.

Knowledge of Stores being marked presumed against Dealers, &c.

Offenders may be summarily convicted in certain Cases.

Effect of Conviction of Dealer in old Metals.

Persons, not Dealers in Marine Stores, See., found in possession of Naval or Victualling Stores, and not satisfactorily accounting for the same, liable to Penalty.

Criminal

Possession

explained.

No unauthorized Person to creep, sweep, &c. for Stores within 100 Yards of Dockyards, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 91.

Misdemeanour, and shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour.

6. If any Person, with Intent to conceal Her Majesty's Property in any Naval or Victualling Stores, takes out, destroys, or obliterates, wholly or in part, any such Mark as aforesaid, he shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable, in the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Four Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement.

7. If any Person, without lawful Authority (Proof of which Authority shall lie on the Party accused), receives, possesses, keeps, sells, or delivers any Naval or Victualling Stores bearing any such Mark as aforesaid, knowing them to bear such Mark, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanour, and shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Year, with or without Hard Labour.

8. Where the Person charged with such a Misdemeanour as last aforesaid was at the Time at which the Offence is charged to have been committed a Dealer in Marine Stores, or a Dealer in Old Metals, or in Her Majesty's Service, Knowledge on his Part that the Stores to which the Charge relates bore such Mark as aforesaid shall be presumed until the contrary is shown.

9. Any Person charged with such a Misdemeanour as last aforesaid in relation to Stores the Value of which does not exceed Five Pounds shall be liable on summary Conviction before a Justice of the Peace to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or, in the Discretion of the Justice, to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour.

10. Every Conviction of a Dealer in old Metals for any Offence in this Act expressed to be a Felony or Misdemeanour shall, for the Purposes of Registration and its Consequences under The Old Metal Dealers Act, 1861, be equivalent to a Conviction under that Act

11. In order to prevent a Failure of Justice in some Cases by reason of the Difficulty of proving Knowledge of the Fact that Stores bore such a Mark as aforesaid, —

If any Naval or Victualling Stores bearing any such Mark are found in the Possession of any Person not being a Dealer in Marine Stores or a Dealer in Old Metals, and not being in Her Majesty's Service, and such Person, when taken or summoned before a Justice of the Peace, does not satisfy the Justice that he came by the Stores so found lawfully, he shall be liable, on Conviction by the Justice, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such Person satisfies the Justice that he came by the Stores so found lawfully, the Justice, at his Discretion, as the Evidence given and the Circumstances of the Case require, may summon before him every Person through whose Hands such Stores appear to have passed, and if any such Person as last aforesaid who has had Possession thereof does not satisfy the Justice that he came by the same lawfully, he shall be liable, on Conviction by the Justice, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

12. For the Purposes of this Act, Stores shall be deemed to be in the Possession or Keeping of any Person if he knowingly has them in the actual Possession or Keeping of any other Person, or in any House, Building, Lodging, Apartment, Field, or Place, open or inclosed, whether occupied by himself or not, and whether the same are so had for his own Use or Benefit or for the Use or Benefit of another.

13. It shall not be lawful for any Person, without Permission in Writing from the Admiralty, or from some Person authorized by the Admiralty in that Behalf, to creep, sweep, dredge, or otherwise search for Stores in the Sea or any Tidal Water within One hundred Yards from any Vessel belonging to Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Service, or from any Mooring Place or Anchoring Place appropriated to such Vessels, or from any Moorings belonging to Her Majesty, or from any of Her Majesty's Wharves, or Dock, Victualling, or Steam Factory Yards.

If any Person acts in contravention of this Provision, he shall be liable, on summary Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Three Months with or without Hard Labour.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 91, 92. 369

14. The following Sections of the Act of the Session of the Twenty^-fourth and Twenty- Sections 98, 99,

fifth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Ninety-six)," to consolidate and amend the Statute } ^, °131, 310a5, d 44 Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences," shall be 115 to 121* of

incorporated with this Act, and shall for the Purposes of this Act be read as if they were 24 & 25 Vict.

here re-enacted, namely. Sections Ninety-eight to One hundred, One hundred and three, ^£rpo- One hundred and five, One hundred and seven to One hundred and thirteen, and One this Act. hundred and fifteen to One hundred and twenty-one, all inclusive; and for this Purpose the Expression "this Act," when used in the said incorporated Sections, shall be taken to include

the present Act.

15. It slUl not be competent for any Person, other than the Admiralty, to institute or None bat the

carry on unafer this Act any Prosecution or Proceeding for any Offence. Admiralty to

J J ° J nroaecute.

16. Notwithstanding anything in any Act relating to Municipal Corporations or to the Penalties, &c. Metropolitan Police Force or in any other Act, any pecuniary Penalty or other Money recovered under this Act shall be paid or applied as the Admiralty direct. Admiralty. °

17. Nothing in this Act shall prevent any Person from being indicted under this Act or Not to prevent otherwise for any indictable Offence made punishable on summary Conviction by this Act, fei?on or prevent any Person from being liable under any other Act or otherwise to any other or J^Act^c.^ nigher Penalty or Punishment than is provided for any Offence by this Act, so that no Person be punished twice for the same Offence.

SCHEDULE.

Mabks appropriated for Her Majesty's Use in or on Naval and Victualling Stores.

Stores. Marks.

Hempen Cordage and Wire Rope Canvas, Fearnought, Hammocks, and Seamen's Bags. Buntin - - -Candles - Timber, Metal, and other Stores not before enumerated. White, Black, or Coloured Worsted Threads laid up with the Yarns and the Wire respectively. A Blue Line in a Serpentine Form. A double Tape in the Warp. Blue or Red Cotton Threads in each Wick, or Wicks of Red Cotton. The Bread Arrow.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for annexing Conditions to the Appointment of Persons to Offices in the Governing Bodies of certain Public Schools and Colleges.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS a Commission was issued in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, under Letters Patent of Her Majesty, for the Purpose of inquiring into the Nature and Application of the Endowments and into the Administration and Management of the Colleges and Schools named in the Schedule annexed hereto: And whereas the said Commission reported, amongst other things, to Her Majesty, that Parliamentary Legislation would be required in order to make the Changes which the said Commission considered desirable, in respect, amongst other things, of the Governing Bodies

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 92, 93.

of the said Colleges and Schools: And whereas it is expedient that no Impediment should be created to the free Action of the Legislature in making the said Changes, by the Acquisition of vested Interests in the Property of the said Colleges and Schools by Persons who may be appointed to Offices in the Governing Bodies thereof after the Date of the passing of this Act* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, aa follows:

[Short Title.]

Persons hereafter taking Office subject to future Legislation. Definition of " Governing Body."

Duration of Act.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Public Schools Act, 1864."

2. Every Person appointed after the passing of this Act to any Office in the Governing Body of any of the said Colleges or Schools shall take and hold that Office subject to suck Provisions and Regulations as may hereafter be enacted respecting the same.

3. " Governing Body" shall mean any One of the several Bodies referred to in the Report of the said Commissioners as being a Governing Body of any of the said Colleges or Schools, with the Addition of the Head Master or other Masters thereof; and any Person appointed a Member of the Governing Body of any such College or School as aforesaid, or a Master thereof, shall be deemed to be appointed to an Office in the Governing Body of the said College or School.

4. This Act shall continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8. 9.

Eton College.

Winchester College.

The Collegiate School of St. Peter, Westminster.

The Charterhouse School.

St. Paul's School in the City of London.

The Merchant Taylors School in the City of London.

The Free Grammar School of John Lyon at Harrow -on-the-Hill in the County of Middlesex.

The School founded by Lawrence Sheriff at Rugby in the County of Warwick.

The Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth at Shrewsbury.

CAP. XCIII.

24 & 25 Vict* c. 45.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Brighton, Eastbourne, Sundown, Walton-on-the-Naze, Clevedon, Rhyl, Bray, Kircubbin, Walton, (Suffolk), Holy wood, Exe Bight, Lytham, Ardglass, Filey, Greenock, Carlingford Lough, Wexford, Torquay, and Oban.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the Confirmation thereof by Act of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the several Provisional Orders made by the Board c of Trade under the said Act, and set out in the Schedule hereto, with the Amendments ' herein-after mentioned, relating to the Ardglass, Carlingford Lough, and Oban Provisional

371

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Orders, and subject to the Provision herein-after contained, be confirmed by Act of Parliament

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The several Provisional Orders set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and are hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof, in Manner and Form as they are set out in the said Schedule, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force, except as herein-after mentioned.

2. With respect to the Ardglass Provisional Order, Clause Thirty-one thereof shall be Amendment of deemed to be and is by this Act expunged therefrom, and in lieu of that Clause the following Clause shall be deemed to be inserted therein, namely:

This Order shall be of full Force and Effect, the Act of 1827 notwithstanding; and Discontinuance from the Completion of the Works authorized by this Order no Works shall be executed ^ctof 1827of or Commissioners constituted, or Rates levied, under the Act of 1827.

Confirmation of Orders in Schedule.

3. With regard to the Carlingford Lough Provisional Order, the Clauses numbered 3 and 13 of that Order shall be deemed to be and the same are by this Act expunged from the same Order.

The Clause following shall be inserted in the same Order instead of Clause 3 thereof:

The Appointment of the Commissioners shall be regulated as follows:

(1.) The following Four Persons are hereby appointed Commissioners, namely, William Forster, Richard Allen Minnitty Edward Tipping, and Richard Mayne; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of any One of those Four Commissioners, the Commissioners shall by a Special Order appoint another Person to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(2.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Newry Navigation Company; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of either of those Two Commissioners, another Person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Newry Town Commissioners; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of either of those Two Commissioners, another Person shall be appointed by the Newry Town Commissioners to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(4.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Newry and Greenore Railway Company; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of either of those Two Commissioners, another Person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(5.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Dundalk and Greenore Railway Company; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of either of those Two Commissioners, another Person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(6.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, at any Time after the passing, of an Act confirming this Order, appoint Two Persons to be Commissioners; and whenever a Vacancy is caused by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of any One of those Two Commissioners, may, if they think fit, appoint another Person to fill the Vacancy, and so toties quoties.

The following Clause shall be inserted in the same Order instead of Clause 13 thereof:

As soon as the Channel or Cut to be made in the Bar, or at the Entrance or Mouth of Carlingford Lough, shall be made of a Depth of Eleven Feet at least below Low-water Mark as shown on the deposited Plans and Sections, and of a Width of Three hundred Feet at least, the Commissioners may begin and may thenceforth continue to demand and receive the Rates authorized by this Order, subject nevertheless to the following Provisions:

(I.) If within Two Years from the passing of an Act confirming this Order the Channel or Cut to be made in the Bar or at the Entrance or Mouth of Carlingford Lough is not made of the Depth of Fourteen Feet at least, then from the Expiration of

Amendment of Order as to Carlingford Lough.

Appointment of the several Commissioners to be regulated as herein named.

Commencement of Rates and Cesses thereof in certain Events.

372

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

those Two Years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any Rates under this Order until the Channel or Cut is made of the Depth of Fourteen Feet at least; and the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any Rates under this Order in respect of Vessels delivering or loading Cargo at the Town or the River of Newry, North of Old Narrow Water Castle, until the Channel or Cut is made of the Depth of Fourteen Feet at least:

(2.) If within Five Years from the passing of an Act confirming this Order the Channel or Cut aforesaid is not made of the full Depth proposed as shown on the deposited Plans and Sections, then from and after the Expiration of those Five Years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive Rates to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum under this Order, until the Channel or Cut is completed of the full Depth aforesaid; and if in any Year before such Completion the total Amount of Rates received under this Order shall exceed Two thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the Rates receivable under this Order shall from Time to Time be revised by the Commissioners, so that the total Amount to be received therefrom shall as near as may be amount to but not exceed the said Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, until the Channel or Cut shall be completed to the full Depth aforesaid:

(3.) The Board of Trade, nevertheless, if it appears to them expedient, may from Time to Time extend the said Period of Two Years for any Time or Times not exceeding in the whole One Year, and may from Time to Time extend the said Period of Five Years for any Time or Times not exceeding in the whole Two Years:

(4.) The Chairman of Quarter Sessions of the County of Down, on Proof being adduced to him that the Channel or Cut aforesaid is made of the Depth of Eleven or Fourteen Feet, or of the full Depth proposed as aforesaid, (as the Case may be,) and of the Width of Three hundred Feet at least, shall sign and give to the Commissioners a Certificate thereof, which Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of the Matters therein certified; provided that the said Chairman shall have Power to hear Parties in opposition to the granting of such Certificate.

Provision for Appointment of Joint Committee to regulate Bar Pilots.

The following Clause shall be added to the same Provisional Order after Clause 23 thereof:

Within Three Months after the passing of an Act confirming this Order the Commissioners shall appoint, in Writing under the Hand of their Chairman, Three Persons from such Commissioners, and the Directors of the Newjy Navigation Company shall within the same Period in like Manner appoint Three Persons from such Directors, and the said Six Persons shall form a Committee for the Purpose of appointing, dismissing, and regulating the Pilots employed in piloting Vessels into and out of the Entrance of Carlingford Lough, commonly called " Bar Pilotsand the said Committee shall be subject to the following Provisions:

(1.) The Commissioners and the Newry Navigation Company respectively may from Time to Time, at their Pleasure, remove the Members of the Committee so nominated by them respectively, and may in like Manner respectively fill up the Vacancies occurring among such Members by Removal, Death, or Resignation; and no Act done by the Committee shall be invalidated because of any alleged or real Want of Authority on the Part of the said Chairman to sign such Appointment:

(2.) The Committee shall hold its Meetings at Newry, and Four shall be a Quorum thereof; and the Chairman of each Meeting shall be elected alternately from the Members representing the Commissioners and the said Company respectively; and the Proceedings of the Committee shall be determined by a Majority of the Members present, the Chairman having a Casting Vote in case of Equality.

The following Addition shall be made to the Exemptions contained in the Schedule to the same Order:

All Sailing Vessels of and under One hundred and fifty Tons, and all Steam Vessels of and under Two hundred Tons, delivering or loading Cargo at the Town or the River of Neiory North of Old Narroto Water Castle.

4. With

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

4. With respect to The Oban Pier and Harbour Order, 1864, set out in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and notwithstanding anything contrary to this Enactment contained in the said Order or the Schedule thereto annexed, or the Acts therein recited, or this Act, be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Undertakers under the said Order to demand or receive any Pates or Charges on or in respect of any Passenger, Reaper, or other Person landing from or embarking in any Vessel at the existing Pier and Works, or the proposed Breastwork and Sea Wall and other Works at the Harbour of Oban mentioned in the said Order, and the said Pier, Breastwork, Sea Wall, and other Works may be used free from Rates and Charges by all Passengers, Reapers, and other Persons landing from or embarking in any Vessel at the said Harbour.

The Clauses numbered 8 and 15 of the said Oban Pier and Harbour Order shall be deemed to be and the same are by this Act expunged from the said Order.

The Clause following shall be held to be inserted in the said Order instead of Clause 8 thereof:

The Limits of this Order shall be the Area within a Portion of a Circle of Two hundred and fifty Yards Radius drawn seawards from the Head of the existing Pier taken as a Centre: Provided that nothing contained in this Order or in the Acts herein recited shall prevent the Appointment of a Harbour Master for the Bay of Oban under the Authority of any Act of Parliament or Provisional Order hereafter to be passed with Powers and Jurisdiction extending over the whole of the said Bay, including the Area within the Limits above referred to, but not any Portion of the Works of the Undertakers, and on the Appointment of such Harbour Master the Powers and Authorities conferred on or exercisable by any Harbour Master to be appointed under the Authority of this Order or the Acts herein recited shall cease and determine, except as regards the said Works of the Undertaker^.

The Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Sections of "The General Pier and Harbours Act, 1861, Amendbment Act," shall apply to the said Order and to the Undertakers under the same, as if the said Undertakers were a Company incorporated by the said Order for the Purposes of the Undertaking, and the Word " Company " in the said Sections shall mean the said Undertakers: Provided that the clear annual Profits on the Average of Three Years referred to in the said Fourteenth Section shall, with regard to the said Order and for the Purposes specified in the said Sections, be held to be a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds.

5. The said Ardglass, Carlingford Lough, and Oban Provisional Orders, subject to the Omissions, Alterations, and Additions thereto respectively in this Act mentioned, shall be valid and effectual, and the same Alterations and Additions respectively shall be read and construed as if they formed Part of the same Orders respectively, as made by the Board of Trade, and as such are hereby confirmed.

6* Notwithstanding anything in the said Act, or in any Act amending the same, or in any Provisional Order confirmed by this Act, Fishing Vessels belonging to Countries with which Treaties exist exempting from Duties and Port Charges such Vessels when forced by Stress of Weather to seek Shelter in the Ports or on the Coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by Stress of Weather to make use of any Pier or Harbour to which any Provisional Order confirmed by this Act relates, and not breaking Bulk while making use of such Pier or Harbour, be exempt from Rates leviable under the Provisional Order relating to such Pier or Harbour.

7. Nothing in this Act, or in the Walton (Suffolk) Pier Order confirmed by this Act, shall authorize the Construction of any Jetty, Pier, Embankment, or other Work so as to interfere with any Battery already erected at Walton aforesaid, or to mask the Fire of the Guns thereof.

8. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1864.

The

373

Rates on Passengers not to be levied at the Harbour of Oban.

Ardglass, Carlingford Lough, and Oban amended Orders to be valid and effectual.

Certain Fishing Vessels forced by Stress of Weather to use any Pier, &c., to be exempt from Rates.

Amendment of Walton Order.

[Short Title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

The SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders.

1. Brighton. — Construction of a Pier.

2. Eastbourne. — Construction of a Pier.

3. Sandown. — Construction of a Pier.

4. Walton-on-the-Naze. — Construction of a Pior.

5. Clevedon. — Construction of a Pier.

6. Rhyl. — Construction of a Pier.

7. Bray. — Construction of additional Works.

8. Kiroubbin. — Improvement of Harbour.

9. Walton (Suffolk). — Construction of a Pier.

10. Holywood. — Construction of a Pier and Quay.

11. Exe Bight. — Construction of a Pier.

12. Lytham. — Construction of a Pier.

13. Ardglass. — Improvement of Harbour.

14. Filey. — Construction of a Harbour.

15. Greenock. — Extension and Improvement of Harbour.

16. Carlingford Lough. — Improvement of Harbour.

17. Wexford. — Improvement of Entrance to Harbour.

18. Torquay. — Improvement of Harbour.

19. Oban. — Construction of further Works.

BRIGHTON.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Brighton, in the County of Sussex,

[Preamble.]

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Brighton West Pier Company (Limited) made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Brighton, in the county of Sussex, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is twenty-two thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the Purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will *not bo of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The Brighton West Pier Company (Limited), herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except bo much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier on iron piles commencing at a point on the esplanade opposite Regency Square, in the town of Brighton, in the parish of Brighton, in the county of Sussex, and extending seaward in a southerly direction one thousand one hundred and fifty feet or thereabouts.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or boats to ship or unship at the pier any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or any things other than those in the Schedule hereto described.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any particular person.

9. Any pass-ticket from time to time granted by the Company shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention to this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence, upon a summary conviction for the same before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

10. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land and with their vessels and otherwise without payment.

11. The Company snail not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

12. This Order may be cited as The Brighton West Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 5th day of March 1864.

(Signed)

T. H. Parker,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from, £ s. d or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every person who shall use the said pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 4

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time, any sum not exceeding - - -006

For every perambulator - - -002

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Brighton, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - -100

II. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - . -002

And for every 112 lbs. weight, or fractional part thereof, in addition 0 0 3

375

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to levy rates according to Schedule.

Restriction on use of pier.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier. Pass-tickets not to be transferable.

Custom House Officers exempt from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

[Short title.]

376

Brighton.

[Preamble.]

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to levy rates according to Schedule to this Order.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier. £ s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - - per ton 0 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, 0 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, 0 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, 0 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards -, 0 10

For every lighter for each trip - -, 0 0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water - -, - per ton 0 0 6

EASTBOURNE.

Provisioned Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Eastbourne, in the County of Sussex.

Whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Eastbourne Pier made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Eastbourne, in the county of Sussex, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing powers and privileges for the complete execution of the worts, and for the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is twelve thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The Eastbourne Pier Company (Limited), herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans, as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier on iron piles commencing at a point on the esplanade opposite Devonshire Place, in the town of Eastbourne, in the parish of Eastbourne, in the county of Sussex, and

extending seaward in a south-easterly direction one thousand feet or thereabouts.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

7. Nothing

L.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

7. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or boats to ship or unship at the pier any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or any things other than those in the Schedule hereto described.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any particular person.

9. Any pass-ticket from time to time granted by the Company shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence, upon a summary conviction for the same before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

10. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

11. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

12. This Order may be cited as The Eastbourne Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 5 th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farreb,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Bates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from, £ s. d. or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

For every person who shall use the said pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 2

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time, any sum not exceeding - - -006

For every perambulator - - -002

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Eastbourne, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - -100

II. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs., and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - -002

And for every 112 lbs, weight, or fractional part thereof, in addition 0 0 3

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - - per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons,

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons,

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons,

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards - ,

For every lighter for each trip - ,

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water ---- per ton 006

0 0 4 0 0 6 0 0 8 0 0 10 0 1 0 0 0 2

27 & 28 Vict.

3 C

SANDOWN.

37 7

Eastbourne.

Restriction on use of pier.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier. Pass-tickets not to be transferable.

Custom House Officers exempt from rates.

[Short Title.]

Land for extraordinary purposes.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

[Preamble,

Incorporation of Company,

Undertakers.

Incorporation of Companies Clauses Acts. Capital,

Calls.

Borrowing

powers.

SANDOWN.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Sandown, in the Isle of Wight

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Sandown Pier made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Sandown, in the parish of Brading, in the county of Southampton, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing all such powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for levying tolls, rates, and duties, not exceeding those in the Schedule hereto annexed, and for the incorporation of a Company:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed work is fifteen thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

The Company.

1. The following persons, namely, Thomas Willis Fleming, Robert Rawlins, Francis Henry Atherley, Daniel Climie, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed or who may subscribe to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making and maintaining the pier and works authorized by this Order, and for the other purposes of this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Sandown Pier Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes of the proposed works, but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Sandown Pier Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Clauses Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The capital of the Company shall be the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, in one thousand five hundred shares of ten pounds each.

5. No call shall exceed one pound per share, or be made payable within three months of any previous call.

6. The Company may from time to time, with the sanction of a general meeting of the Company specially convened for the purpose, borrow on mortgage or bond at interest, for any time not exceeding five years, such sums of money as may from time to time be required; but no money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital sum of fifteen thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one half thereof is paid up, and until the Company prove to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

379

subscribed for bona fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns legally liable for the $a*down.

same.

Receiver.

7. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of arrears of interest, or arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a Requisition for a receiver shall be two thousand pounds.

8. The Company may, by the resolution of a general meeting specially convened, such resolution being adopted by not less than three fifths in value of the shareholders present in person or by proxy at the meeting, direct that the holders of any portion, not exceeding one third part, of the shares then subscribed for or taken, shall be entitled to dividend at a rate to be prescribed by such meeting, not exceeding five per centum per annum, in priority to the other holders of shares in the capital of the Company.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest on any money advanced by him beyond the amount of calls actually made as may be in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

11. Every part of the money 60 raised shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within six calendar months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order at such time and place as the directors determine.

13. The number of the directors shall not be more than six or less than three.

14. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be three.

15. The four persons herein-before named may, by writing under their hands, nominate the persons who shall, either conjointly with themselves or any of them, or otherwise, be the first directors of the Company, and the directors so nominated shall continue in office until the first general meeting of the Company.

16. The qualification of a director elected by the shareholders or nominated as aforesaid Qualification, shall be the holding in his own right of not less than twenty shares in the capital of the Company.

17. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be fixed by a meeting, and shall be divided among the directors in such manner as they determine.

Power to create preference shares.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money not to be used for depcsit under Standing Orders, &c. Money to be applied to purpose of Older. First general meeting.

Number of directors. Quorum of directors.

First directors.

general Remuneration.

Lands.

Power to take specified lands by arrangements.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

18. For the purpose of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the land shown on the plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed pier and works.

19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

Works. i

20. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by Power to them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits "ake works, of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works

shown on the deposited plans.

21. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: Description of

A pier, with all proper works, approaches, and other conveniences connected there- Pier *

with, situate wholly in the parish of Brading and county of Southampton, commencing with a junction with the, turnpike road leading from Shanklyn to Ryde, about ninety yards north-east of the King's Head hotel at Sandown, and running out into the sea in a south-easterly direction, and terminating one thousand five hundred feet or thereabouts from high-water mark.

380

Sandown.

Power to take rates in schedules.

Exemptions of Custom House officers from rates.

Application of rates.

Company may provide steam engines.

Company may contract with persons for use of pier.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Rates.

22. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the schedule hereto described any rates not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

23. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress into, through, and out of the pier and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

24. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes in the order following:

1. To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order:

2. In payment, to an extent not exceeding one fifteenth part of such rates, of any rent

or rent-charge payable in respect of any lands acquired by the Company under this Order:

3. In payment of the interest accruing on any money borrowed under the authority

of this Order, and in repayment of the principal money:

4. To the use and for the purposes of the Company.

General Provisions.

25. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, barges, boats, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for carrying on the business of the Company, or for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

26. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. Any such pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

27. Part Y. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by the Order.

28. This Order may be cited as The Sandown Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 10th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Fabrer,

Marine Secretary.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Bates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons, per ton - For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons, and upwards, per ton All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Bates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -

Ale (bottled), per barrel -

, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt. -

s. d.

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Anchor stock, per foot run -Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt.

, per barrel -

Biscuit or Bread, per cwt. -Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons -

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and Lard, per barrel -

, per firkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -

Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding cwt. Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand carts and perambulators, each Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cork, per cwt. -

Corpses, each

Crystal, per box or package - *

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in crates) per foot -Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. -, (fresh, not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

, per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household) per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate -

, per small crate or case -

, per box --

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries not enumerated, per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

s. d.

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 6

- 0 9

. 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

_ 3 0

m 1 0

- 4 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

1 0

0 4

- 0 3

1 0

- 0 6

1 6

- 5 0

1 0

- 1 0

3 0

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 20 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

. 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

0 4

- 1 6

- 1 0

. 0 6

0 6

- 0 6

1 6

- 0 4

381

Sundown.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

382

Sandown.

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. -Hardware, per ton -Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -

, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

, (cured), per barrel ...

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton ...

Pig and old, per ton -Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt Lime, per 28 bushels -Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton -Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each.

, under 10 inches, each

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic foot Nets, per 5 cubic feet Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per ton -Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt -

Poultry and game, per dozen Bags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt -

Sand, per ton.

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins (calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog), per dozen

Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet

Spirits (foreign and British), per hogshead - ..

» 99 per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt -

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt -Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 - -, .

Tin and zinc, per ton ..... Tobacco, per cwt -

Turbot, per score -

S. d.

- - 0 6

- - 2 6

- - 0 4

- - 1 6

_ 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- - 0 2

_ 1 6

. - 1 0

_ 2 G

- - 0 1

- 2 0

- - 2 6

- 0 3

. - 1 4

- - 1 0

- - 2 6

- - 1 0

- - 4 6

- - 3 0

- 0 6

- - 0 o *

_ 0 1

0 4

0 2

2 0

2 0

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 4

0 6

0 2

_ 0 4

2 0

_ m 0 6

0 1

_ 1 0

0 2

a. 0 6

— 2 0

. 1 0

0 1

1 6

3 0

0 3

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- 1 G

. 3 0

0 6

- 0 3

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish., per barrel -Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. -Vinegar, per hogBhead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

, (bottled), per dozen bottles

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of t Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -Laths and lathwood, of fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2\ and under inc diameter, per 120 -

, 2\ inches in diameter and under, per 120

, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches

in diameter, per 120 -

, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 -Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 -

Treenails, per 1,000 -Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 -Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton -Wool, per cwt. -Yarn, per cwt -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods, per cubic foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates fob Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds. Is/. Rates of Cranage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton -Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons -

Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons -

Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons -

Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons -Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons -Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons -

Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons -Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons Exceeding 10 tons -

8. d.

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 2 6

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 3

. 1 0

- 0 2

let 1 6

- 2 0

- 1 6

- 2 6

- 3 0

- 5 0

in

- 5 0

- 4 0

9 0 14 0

2

3

2

2

2

2

0

0

0

2

0

0

6

6

6

0

4

2

1

0

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

- 3

0 2 4

6

1 10 2 4 6

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton

- 0 2

383

Sandown.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

384

Sandown.

[Preamble.]

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwts., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of l±d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers' luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package

8.

0

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier

Water, per ton - - -0

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier £ s. from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding 0 0

For every person who shall use the said pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - -00

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - - - 0 0

For every perambulator - 0 0

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Sandown, and using the said pier for the purpose of going into or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sura not exceeding - 1 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the

description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0

Over 28 lbs., and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0

Over 84 lbs., and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0

Over 112 lbs., and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0

Over 140 lbs., and not exceeding 196 lbs. - - 0

Over 196 lbs., and not exceeding 2 cwts. - - *- - 0

And for every cvvt. beyond - - 0

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - - 0

d.

2

6

d.

6

2

6

2

0

2

4

5

6

7

8 4 1

WALTON-ON-THE-NAZE.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Walton-on-the-Naze in the County of Essex.

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Walton-on-the-Naze Pier made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Walton-on-the-Naze in the parish of Walton in the county of Essex, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing all such powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for levying tolls, rates, and duties not exceeding those in the Schedule hereto annexed, and for the incorporation of a company for the objects aforesaid:

And

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 385

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed work is ten thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Walton-m-

the-Naze.

Walton-on-the-Naze Pier Company.

1. The following persons, namely, Newson Garrett, Edward Chapman, Peter Schuyler Incorporation Bruff, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed or who may subscribe to of Company, the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors,

and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a company for the purpose of making and maintaining the pier and works authorized by this Order, and for the other purposes of this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Walton-on-the-Naze Pier Company, and by that name, shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Walton-on-the-Naze Pier Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the Undertaker *, undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Clauses

Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order. ClausesAeta.

4. The capital of the Company shall be the sum of ten thousand pounds, in one thousand Capital shares of ten pounds each.

5. No call shall exceed two pounds per share, or be made payable within two months of Calls, any previous call.

6. The Company may, with the sanction of a general meeting of the Company specially Borrowing convened for the purpose, borrow on mortgage or bond at interest, from time to time, not Powers* exceeding five years, such sums of money as may from time to time be required; but no

money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital sum of ten thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one half thereof is paid up, and until the Company prove to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been subscribed for bon& fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns legally liable for the same (of which matters such certificate shall be sufficient evidence).

7. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of arrears of interest, or Receiver, the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages by the appointment

of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be one thousand pounds.

8. The Company may, by the resolution of a general meeting specially convened, such Power to resolution being adopted by not less than three fifths in value of the shareholders present g^sharaT" in person or by proxy at the meeting, direct that the holders of any portion, not exceeding

one third part, of the shares then subscribed for or taken shall be entitled to dividend at a rate to be prescribed by such meeting, not exceeding five per centum per annum, in priority to the other holders of shares in the capital of the Company.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest No interest or or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; ^[jdend on but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest ca *

27 & 28 VICT. 3D on

Walton-on-the-Naze.

Money not to be used for deposit, &c.

Money to be applied as authorized.

First general meeting.

Number of directors. Quorum of directors.

First directors.

Qualification.

Remuneration.

Power to take specified lands by arrangements.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates in Schedule.

Exemptions of Custom House Officers from rates.

Application of rates.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

on any money advanced by him beyond the amount of calls actually made as may be in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

1J. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within six calendar months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order at such time and place as the directors determine.

13. The number of the directors shall not be more than five nor less than three.

14. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be three.

15. The three persons herein-before named may, by writing under their hands, nominate the persons who shall, either conjointly with themselves, or any of them, or otherwise, be the first directors of the Company, and the directors so nominated shall continue in office until the first general meeting of the Company.

16. The qualification of a director elected by the shareholders, or nominated as aforesaid, shall be the holding in his own right of not less than twenty shares in the capital of the Company.

17. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be fixed by a general meeting, and shall be divided among the directors in such manner as they determine. Until any other remuneration is fixed in manner aforesaid, the remuneration divisible among the directors shall be at the rate of twenty pounds per annum.

Lands.

18. For the purpose of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any of the land shown on the plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed pier and works.

19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

Works.

20. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

21. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier, with all proper works, approaches, tramways, and other conveniences connected therewith, situate wholly in the parish of Walton and county of Essex, commencing at or near the junction of the South Cliff Slope roads leading to the sea shore, and about forty yards northward of the Clifton Hotel at Walton aforesaid, and running out into the sea in an easterly direction, and terminating three hundred and fifty yards or thereabouts from high-water mark:

Provided nevertheless, that the said pier beyond the distance of one hundred yards from high-water mark at spring tides shall not be a solid embankment or pier, but an open work viaduct, with or without a floating pier or landing stage.

Rates.

22. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described any rates not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

23. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress into, through, along, from, and out of the pier and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

24. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following:

1. To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order:

2. In

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 387

2. In payment, to an extent not exceeding one fifteenth part of such rates, of any rent Walton-on-

or rentcharge payable in respect of any lands acquired by the Company under this Order:

3. In payment of the interest accruing on any money borrowed under the authority of

this Order, and in repayment of the principal of such money:

4. To the use and for the purposes of the Company,

General Provisions.

25. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, barges, boats, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for carrying on the business of the Company, or for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

26. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

27. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may from time to time dredge, deepen, and scour that portion of the foreshore which lies within the limits of this Order, and may place and maintain moorings, buoys, dolphins, capstans, and other necessary works for warping or otherwise assisting vessels coming to or leaving the pier, or lying outside or along the same, and may do, execute, and perform all such lawful acts and things either in or upon the lands or works belonging to them, or within the limits of this Order, as they may think necessary or proper for preventing and removing obstructions or impediments thereon or therein, or for preserving or facilitating the access to, or increasing the convenience or security of the pier, and generally for preserving the navigation within the limits of this Order; provided always, that any materials so dredged shall be disposed of in such manner as the Board of Trade may from time to time direct.

28. The limits of this Order shall include the pier and the space lying between the pier and the shore and a line running parallel with the pier at a distance of three hundred yards from the north side of the pier, and a straight line drawn north and south at a distance of three hundred yards from the east end of the pier, and a line running parallel with the first-mentioned line at a distance of three hundred yards from the south side of the pier.

29. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by the Order.

30. This Order may be cited as The Walton-on-the-Naze Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 10th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

Company may provide steam engines, &c.

Company may contract *with persons for use of pier.

Power to dredge, scour, &c.

Limits of Order.

[Short title.]

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

3 D 2

s. d.

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

388

Walton-on *

the-Naze,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

II. — Rates on Goods sniprED or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -Ale (bottled), per barrel -

, , per dozen bottles ...

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle .....

Beef or pork, per cwt.

, per barrel -Biscuit or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

, per firkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton Canvass, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt. Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each -

Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt -

Cork, per cwt. -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in crates), per foot -

Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt.

, (fresh not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

, , per barrel ...

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet -

s. d.

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

0 9

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 6

- 0 9

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

3 0

- 1 0

- 4 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 1 6

. 0 4

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

_ 7 6

- 5 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 3 0

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 20 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

0 4

- 0 4

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Glass, per large crate -

, per email crate or case -, per box .....

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries (not enumerated), per quarter

Guano, per ton .....

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -Hay, per ton -

, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

, (cured), per barrel ...

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each -Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton -Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton ...

Pots, each -Kelp, per ton Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt. -Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each, , under 10 inches, each

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic foot Nets, per 5 cubic feet «...

Oakum, per cwt -

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box Ores, per ton

Oysters, per bushel ...

Paint, per cwt -

Pitch and tar, per barrel .....

Potatoes, per cwt -

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt -

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton .....

Shrimp baskets, each .....

Skins (calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog), per dozen -Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead 99 per gallon

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -Steel, per ton .....

s. d.

. - 1 6

- - 1 0

- 0 6

- - 0 6

. - 0 G

- - 1 6

. - 0 6

- - 0 4

. - 2 6

. - 0 4

. - 1 6

- - 0 2

- - 2 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

_ . 1 6

- - 1 0

- - 2 6

- - 0 1

- - 2 0

- - 2 6

- . 0 3

- . 1 4

. 1 0

- - 2 6

- - 1 0

- - 4 6

- - 3 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 o *

- - 0 1

- . 0 4

- . 0 2

- - 2 0

. 2 0

- . 0 6

. 1 0

. 0 3

. 0 4

- . 0 6

- 0 2

- . 0 4

- - 2 0

- - 0 6

- . 0 1

- - 1 0

- 0 2

- - 0 6

. 2 O

- - 1 0

- - 0 1

- - 1 G

- 3 0

389

Walton-on -the-Naze.

390

Walton-on.-

the-Naze.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Sugar, per cwt. -

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 ...

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt -

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel -

Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt -Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

, bottled, per dozen bottles -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet -

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -

Firewood, of 216 cubic feet fathom -

Laths and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120- -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2J, and under inches in diameter, per 120 -

, inches in diameter and under, per 120 -

, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches

in diameter, per 120 -

, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Treenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 -

Lignum vitee, fustic, logwood, mahogany and rosewood, per ton -Wool, per cwt -

Yarn, per cwt.

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light Goods, per cubic foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates fob Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st Rates of Cranage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton -

Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons -

Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons -

Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons -

Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons -

Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons -

s. <L

0 3

0 3

1 O

1 6

3 0

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 6

2 6

0 4

0 6

1 0

0 3

1 0

0 2

1 6

2 0

1 6

2 6

3 0

5 0

5 0

4 0

9 0

14 0

2 0

3 0

2 6

2 6

2 G

2 0

0 4

0 2

0 1

2 0

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0 1 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

8. d.

Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons - 1 4

Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons - - 1 6

Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons - - 1 10

Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons - 2 4

Exceeding 10 tons ---.-36

2nd. Weighing Machines

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwts., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of l£rf. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers '

luggage, for each day or part of a day, p$r package - - 0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water-Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - -06

V. — Rates on Passengers and Pbomenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land at the pier from, or embark from it to, any steam vessel, ship, packet, or passage boat, or other sea-going vessel, for each and every time any sum not exceeding -

For every person who shall land on the pier from, or embark from it to, any small boat or yacht, not being sea-going vessels, not exceeding -

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding -

For every bath or sedan-chair taken on the pier, for each and every time any sum not exceeding For every perambulator -..

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Walton-on-the-Naze, and using the said pier for the purpose of going into or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding

VX — Rates on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the

description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0 2

Over 28 lbs., and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0 4

Over 84 lbs., and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - 0 5

Over 112 lbs., and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0 6

Over 140 lbs., and not exceeding 196 lbs. - 0 7

Over 196 lbs., and not exceeding 2 cwts. - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - 0 4

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - - >01

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 2

1 0 0

391

Walton-on-

the-Naze.

CLEVEDON.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

[Preamble.]

Incorporation of Company.

Undertakers.

Incorporation of Companies Clauses Act. Capital.

Calls.

Borrowing

powers.

CLEVEDON.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Clevedon in the County of Somerset.

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Clevedon Pier made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Clevedon in the county of Somerset, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing all such powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for levying tolls, rates, and duties, not exceeding those in the Schedule hereto annexed, and for the incorporation of a Company for the carrying out the objects aforesaid:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed work is twenty thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Clevedon Pier Company.

1. The following persons, namely, Charles Lempriere, John Scott Smith, George Greenway Hunt, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed or who may subscribe to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making and maintaining the pier and works authorized by this Order, and for the other purposes of this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Clevedon Pier Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Clevedon Pier Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Clauses Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The capital of the Company shall be the sum of twenty thousand pounds, in two thousand shares of ten pounds each.

5. No call shall exceed three pounds per share or be made payable within two months of any previous call.

6. The Company may, from time to time, with the sanction of a general meeting of the Company specially convened for the purpose, borrow on mortgage or bond at interest, for anytime not exceeding five years, such sums of money as may from time to time be required; but no money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital suin of twenty thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one half thereof is paid up, and until the Company prove to the Justice who is to certify under the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been

, .:)subscribed

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 393

subscribed for bon& fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns legally liable for the Clevedon.

Receiver.

same.

7. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of arrears of interest, or the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be one thousand pounds.

8. The Company may, by the resolution of a general meeting specially convened, such resolution being adopted by not less than three fifths in value of the shareholders present in person or by proxy at the meeting, direct that the holders of any portion, not exceeding one third part, of the shares then subscribed for or taken shall be entitled to dividend at a rate to be prescribed by such meeting, not exceeding five per centum per annum, in priority to the other holders of shares in the capital of the Company.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest on any money advanced by him beyond the amount of calls actually made as may be in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

11. 'Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within six calendar months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order at such time and place as the directors determine.

13. The number of the directors shall not be more than five or less than three.

Power to create preference shares.

No interest or dividend oat of calls.

Money not to be used for deposit under Standing Orders, &c. Money to be applied to purpose of Order. First General Meeting.

Number of directors.

14. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be three. Quorum of

15. The three persons herein-before named may, by writing under their hands, nominate First directors the persons who shall, either conjointly with themselves, or any of them, or otherwise, be

the first directors of the Company, and the directors so nominated shall continue in office until the first general meeting of the Company.

16. The qualification of a director elected by the shareholders or nominated as aforesaid Qualification, shall be the holding in his own right of not less than twenty shares in the capital of the Company.

17. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be fixed by a general Remuneration, meeting, and shall be divided among the directors in such a manner as they determine.

Until any other remuneration is fixed in manner aforesaid, the remuneration divisible among the directors shall be at the rate of fifty pounds per annum.

Lands.

18. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from Power to take

time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on ^.IaD U the plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed pier and works. ment

19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to Incorporation

the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Q^e^Acte Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order. 11566 c

20. Where under the last-mentioned Acts a rentcharge is reserved on a sale of lands to Recovery of the Company, and it is agreed between the vendor and the Company that the same shall be recharge by recoverable by means of a receiver, the person to whom the rentcharge is payable may,

without prejudice to any other remedy, obtain the appointment of a receiver in like manner, and with the like effect in all respects, as if he were a mortgagee of the Company empowered to enforce payment of arrears of interest due on his mortgage by the appointment of a receiver.

Works.

21. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by Power to make them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits works-

27 & 28 Vict. 3 E of

394

Clevedon.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates in schedules.

Exemption of Custom House officers from rates.

Application of rates.

Company may provide steam engines, &c.

Company may contract with persons for use of pier.

Part Y. of 24 &, 25 Vict c. 47. to apply. Saving rights of corporation of Bristol

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

22. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier, with all proper works, tramways, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith, situate wholly in the parish of Clevedon and county of Somerset, commencing at or near the south-western corner of the wall surrounding the Rock House public house, near the point or place on the shore of the Bristol Channel called Rock House Point in the said parish, and running out into the sea in a west-north-westerly direction, and terminating twelve hundred feet or thereabouts from the said Rock House Point.

Rates.

23. The Company may demand and receive, over and above any rates, tolls, and dues which may be levied and taken by the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the city of Bristol, in respect of the vessels, goods, and things in the Schedule hereto described, any rates not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

24. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, through, and out of the pier and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

25. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following:

1. To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order:

2. In payment, to an extent not exceeding one fifteenth part of such rates, of any

rent or rentcharge payable in respect of any lands acquired by the Company under this Order:

3. In payment of the interest accruing on any money borrowed under the authority of

this Order, and in repayment of the principal of such money:

4. In payment of dividend on any preference shares created under this Order:

5. To the use and for the purposes of the Company.

General Provisions.

26. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, barges, boats, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for carrying on the business of the Company, or for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

27. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass tickets, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered. and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act.

28. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by the Order.

29. Nothing in this Order shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any right, toll, rate, or duty belonging to or vested in the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of the city of Bristol, within the limits of the port of Bristol.

30. This Order may be cited as The Clevedon Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 11th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons, per ton - For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons, per ton - For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons, and upwards, per ton All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -

Ale (bottled), per barrel -

, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt -, per barrel -Biscuit or bread, per cwt -

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons -

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

, per firkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -

Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt -

Chimney-pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding cwt Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each -

Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each -

Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt -

Cork, per cwt -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

3 E 2

s. d.

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 G

0 3

3 0

1 6

0 9

1 6

0 G

0 3

3 0

0 1

0 3

3 0

1 0

4 0

0 6

1 0

1 0

0 4

0 3

1 0

0 6

7 6

5 0

1 0

1 0

3 0

0 3

0 G

20 0

0 6

0 G

0 2

395

Clevedon.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

396

Clevedon.

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in crates), per foot

Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt.

, (fresh not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -Flour and meal, per sack -, , per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate ...

, per small crate or case -, per box -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -Groceries, not enumerated, per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and Rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -

, per truss -..

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

, (cured), per barrel -Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each .....

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt Lime, per 28 bushels -Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each, , under 10 inches, each

Meat (fresh), per cwt. -

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic foot Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt. ..... Oils, per ton ...

Oilcake, per ton .....

Oranges and lemons, per box ...

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per ctirt -

Pitch and tar, per barrel

Potatoes, per cwt.

Poultry and game, per dozen ...

Rags and old rope, per ton

JS. (L

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 2 6

. 0 4

. 1 6

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

. 1 6

- 1 0

- 2 6

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 2 6

- 0 3

- 1 4

- 1 0

- 2 6

- 1 0

- 4 6

- 3 0

- 0 6

- 0

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 2 0

- 0 6

. 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 2 0

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Sails, per cwt. - -- -- - -0

Salt, per cwt - - 0

Sand, per ton - 1

Shrimp baskets, each - 0

Skins (calf, goat, sheep, lam ^, or dog), per dozen - 0

Slates, j>er ton of 24 cubic feet - 0

Spirits ^(Foreign and British), per hogshead - 1

, -, , per gallon - - 0

Stones^ per ton of 16 cubic feet - - 1

Steel, per ton - - -3

Sugar, per cwt. - - -0

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt. - 0

Tea, per chest - -1

Tiles, per 1,000 - - 1

Tin and zinc, per ton - - 3

Tobacco, per cwt. - ---- 0

Turbot, per score ---- - -0

Turnips, per ton - -- -- - -0

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel ---- - 0

Turtle, each - -2

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0

Vinegar, per hogshead - - 0

Vitriol, per carboy - 1

Water, per cask ---- 0

Wine, per hogshead - -1

, (bottled), per dozen bottles - -- - ---0

Wood:

Fir, pine, ftnd othet descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet 1 Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - -2

Firewood, of 216 cubic feet fathom - - 1

v Lath and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet - - 2

Handspikes, per 120 - -3

Oars, per 120 -- -- - -5

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter, per 120-- - - -5

, inches in diameter and under, per 120 - 4

, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches

in diameter, per 120 - - 9

, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 - - 14

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - - 2

, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - - 3

Treenails, per 1,000 ---2

Wedges, per 1,000 - - -2

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 - 2

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton - 2

Wool, per cwt. - - -0

Yarn, per cwt. - -0

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods, per cubic foot - - 0

Heavy goods, per ton - -- -- -.--2

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

d. 6 1 0

2

6

2

0

1

G

0

3

3

0

6

0

6

3 6 6 6

4 6 0 3 0

G

0

6

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

<i

6

0

4

2

1

0

397

Clevedon.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

398

Clevedon.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1j/. Rates of Cranage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton -Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons -Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons -Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons -

Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons -

Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons -

Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons

Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons -

Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons -

Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons -Exceeding 10 tons -

2nd, Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton -

3 rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwts., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 Jrf. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers' luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package -

IV. — Rates for Laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton -

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier £ from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding 0 For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - 0

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - - 0

For every perambulator - 0

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Clevedon, and using the said pier for the purpose of going into or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 1

s. d.

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6 1 10

2 4

3 6

0 2

0 2

0 6

8. d.

0 6

0 2

0 6 0 2

0 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the s. d.

description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0 2

Over 28 lbs., and not exceeding 84 lbs. - -04

Over 84 lbs., and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - 0 5

Over 112 lbs., and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0 6

Over 140 lbs., and not exceeding 196 lbs. - - 0 7

Over 196 lbs., and not exceeding 2 cwts. - - 0 8

And for every cwt. beyond - -04

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - - 0 1

RHYL.

399

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

RHYL.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of

a Pier at Rhyl, in the County of Flint

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Rhyl Promenade Pier Company Limited made application by a Memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a pier at Rhyl, in the county of Flint, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls not exceeding those herein-after specified:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is thirteen thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters have published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The Rhyl Promenade Pier Company Limited, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans, as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade may require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier commencing below the east parade opposite or near to the end of Church Street, with limits of deviation laterally to the baths on the east, and to High Street on the west, in the parochial township of Rhyl, in the parish of Rhydlan, in the county of Flint, and extending seaward one thousand and fifty-six yards or thereabouts in a north-easterly direction.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels^ goods, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in the Schedule specified.

7. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. A pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person to whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or

counterfeit

[Preamble.]

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Act.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to Schedule.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the pier. Pass tickets not to be transferable.

400

Rhyl

Exemption of Custom House officers from -rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, See.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply.

Limitations as to heavy traffic.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered as penalties are recoverable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act,) and the company may from time to time enter into a contract or contracts with any person or persons, company or body corporate, for any period not exceeding one year, for a composition or reduced payment or payments in respect of the tolls, rates, charges, and duties in the Schedule hereto, or any part or parts thereof, but so that no preference be given to any such person or persons, company or body corporate, respectively.

8. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land and with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment.

9. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes (within the meaning of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847,) lands exceeding in the whole two acres.

10. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on the pier.

11. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, and other machinery and vessels, and also such tramways and carriages, as they may think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the 9ame as they may think reasonable.

12. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the pier authorized by this Order.

13. No cattle (except horses), and no bark, bones, or bone-dust, bricks, chalk, clay, coals, guano, gunpowder, hay, lime, limestone, minerals, manure, ores, or old ropes, slates, stones, tiles, or other such like heavy goods or merchandise, shall be landed on or embarked from the pier authorized by this Order at any time in the daytime after the hour of six o'clock in the morning, or before the hour of ten o'clock at night, from the first day of May to the first day of November in every year, without the consent in writing of the Improvement Commissioners of the town of Rhyl (for the time being) under their common seal for that purpose first had and obtained.

14. This Order may be cited as The Rhyl Promenade Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 15th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons, and under 50 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons, and under 100 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons, and under 150 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -Ale, bottled, per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt.

Beef or pork, per barrel -

s. &

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0 0 2 0 6

0 6 0 4 0 1 0 9 0 2 2 0 0 3 0 3 0 6

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Biscuits or bread, per cwt. -Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons -

Bones and bone dust, per ton ...

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel - Ditto, per firkin -Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand carts and perambulators, each Casks (empty) not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -Calves, each -

Horses, each - -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt. -

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton ...

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt. Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Corks, per cwt.

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each ...

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes) per foot -Earthenware (in crates) per foot Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. - Ditto, fresh, not enumerated Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Furniture (household) per 5 cubic feet Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Glass, per large crate -

Ditto, per 6mall crate or case -

Ditto, per box -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries not enumerated, per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen

Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

27 & 28 Vict. 3 F

s. d.

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 6

- 0 9

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 0 1

7 6

- 5 0

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 0

- 4 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 3 0

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 20 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 2 6

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 2 0

401

Rhyl.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

402

Rhyl

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

Ditto (cured), per barrel -

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each -Iren:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton

Masts and spars, ten inches in diameter and upwards, each Ditto, under ten inches; each

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic feet Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per ton -

Oil cake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt.

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt. -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -Skins: calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -Spirits (Foreign or British), per hogshead Ditto, per gallon

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt -

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per thousand -

Tin and zinc, per ton ...

Tobacco, per cwt.

Turbot, per score -Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated)* per cwt Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy

8. d.

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

1 6

- 1 0

- 2 6

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 2 6

- 0 4

- 1 4

1 0

- 2 6

- 1 0

. 4 6

- 3 0

- 0 6

- 0 0 *

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 2

2 0

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 2

J 0 4

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 0 1

1 0

0 2

- 0 6

- 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 3 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 3 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

0 6

m 0 6

m 2 6

- 0 4

0 6

m 0 1

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

s.

Water, per cask - 3

Wine, per hogshead - 1

Ditto (bottled), per dozen bottles - 0

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions, not enumerated, per load of fifty feet - 1

Oak or wainscot, per load of fifty feet - - . - - 2

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - - 1

Laths and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet - - 2

Handspikes, per one hundred and twenty - 3

Oars, per one hundred and twenty - 5

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter, per one hundred and twenty - 5

Ditto, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per one hundred and twenty - - - 4

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per one hundred and twenty - 9

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per one hundred and twenty - 14

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per one hundred and twenty - - 2

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per one hundred and twenty - 3

Ditto, treenails, per thousand - 2

Ditto, wedges, per thousand - 2

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per one hundred and twenty - 2

Lignum vit, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton - 2 Wool, per cwt. - - 0

Yarn, per cwt. - 0

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods, per cubic foot - - 0

Heavy goods, per ton - - 2

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement on all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities Sian those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

d.

0

0

2

6

0

6

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

6

6

0

4

2

1

0

403

Bhyl.

III. — Bates foe Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st. Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton -

Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons

Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons -

Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons

Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons ...

Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons '

Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons -

Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons

Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons -

Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons

Exceeding 10 tons .....

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton -

3 F 2

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6 1 10

2 4

3 6

0 2

404

Rhyl

[Preamble.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers* luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - 0

IV. — Rates for Laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - -0

V. — Rates on Passengers Landing on or Embarking from the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier & s.

from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - -00

For every person who shall use the said pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure., or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - -00

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0

For every perambulator - -- -- - - 0 0

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Rhyl, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 1 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage Landed or Shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the s. description of luggage, and not borne by the passenger, not exceeding 28 lbs. - - -0

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - 0

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - - 0

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - - 0

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0

d.

2

6

d.

6

2

6

2

0

d.

2

4

5

6

7

8 1

BRAY.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction of Works at Bray in the County of Wicklow, in addition to those authorized by The Bray Pier and Harbour Order, 1863; and for other Purposes.

Whereas by The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1863, The Bray Pier and Harbour Order, 1863, set out in the Schedule thereto, made under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, empowering the Bray Pier and Harbour Company, herein-after called the Company, to make and maintain a Pier and Harbour at Bray, in the county of Wicklow, was confirmed (which Order is herein-after called the Order of 1863):

And whereas, under the two last-mentioned Acts, the Company made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, hereinafter

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order authorizing the construction of additional works, and the raising of further capital in the manner herein-after mentioned, and for other purposes:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is three thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the Company published the advertisements and deposited the documents which, by the thirdly-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Lands.

1. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may, from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

2. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

3. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

Works.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

A Pier or Jetty, commencing at or near to the Martello Tower which is situated on Bray Strand, between the railway station at Bray and the point of Bray Head called Bray, Point, and running nearly straight out to sea in a north-easterly direction, for a distance of three hundred yards or thereabouts from low-water mark: with all proper works, approaches, landing places, and other conveniences connected therewith, for the recreation of the inhabitants and visitors of the town of Bray, and for the embarking and landing of passengers.

Rates.

6. The Company may demand and receive, for the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order, the like rates as they are, by the Order of 1863, authorized to demand and receive for the pier and harbour thereby authorized.

7. The Company, in addition to such rates as they are, by the Order of 1863, and by the foregoing provision of this Order, authorized to demand and receive, may demand and receive, as well for the pier and harbour authorized by the Order of 1863, as for the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order, any sums not exceeding the rates in the Schedule hereto specified, in respect of the things in that Schedule described, anything in the Order of 1863 notwithstanding.

Shares: Management of Company.

8. The provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, so far as the same are applicable for the purposes of this Order, and Part I. (relating to cancellation and surrender of shares), and Part IF. (relating to additional capital), of The Companies Clauses

Act,

405

Bray.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for extraordinary purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Like rates as under Order of 1863.

Power to levy additional rates for purposes of Order of 1863 and this Order.

Incorporation of parts of Companies Clauses Consolidation

406

Bray.

Acts, 1345 and 1863.

Power to create new shares.

Rights and qualification of new shareholders.

Amount and number of calls.

New works and

capital to constitute a separate undertaking and capital.

As to dividend on new shares *

Separate accounts to be kept in respect of new shares.

Restriction as to right of voting in respect of extension shares.

Increase of number of directors.

Mode of election of directors.

Extension shareholders to elect two directors of Company.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Act, 1863, shall be respectively incorporated with this Order, and shall, in all particulars not otherwise provided for by or under this Order, respectively apply to all shares and capital created, and to all money borrowed and mortgages granted, under this Order; and, in the construction of those provisions in connexion with this Order, the expression "the Special Act" shall mean this Order; the expression "the Company" shall mean the Bray Pier and Harbour Company; the expression u the Undertaking" shall mean the undertaking of the Company, and the provisions relating to the Superior Courts shall extend to any County or other Court having by law cognizance of the action.

9. The Company may from time to time raise, for the purposes of this Order, any sum not exceeding in the whole three thousand pounds, by the creation and issue of three hundred shares of ten pounds each, to be called Extension shares.

10. Subject to the other provisions of this Order, all Extension shares shall confer the like qualifications and rights of voting as the original shares of the Company confer, and the several persons who have subscribed, or hereafter subscribe, to the undertaking authorized by this Order, shall, in proportion to their respective subscriptions, be holders of Extension shares, and shall be called Extension share holders.

11. The amount of any one call to be made upon the Extension shares shall not exceed two pounds per share, and successive calls shall not be made at a less interval than three months.

12. The pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order shall, for financial purposes, form a separate undertaking, and the capital and Extension shares created under this Order shall constitute a separate capital.

13. The profits from time to time applicable to dividend of the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order shall be wholly applied in payment of interest or dividend on the Extension shares, and the Extension share holders shall not in respect thereof be entitled to interest or dividend out of any other profits of the Company.

14. Extension shares shall be so designated in the books of the Company and on the certificates issued for the same; and the Company shall keep separate accounts of all receipts and payments from, for, or on account of the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order.

15. Extension shares shall not confer any right of voting or interference at any meeting of the Company on any question or proceeding not directly affecting the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order.

16. From and after the passing of an Act confirming this Order the number of directors of the Company shall be seven, and the quorum of a meeting of the directors shall be three.

17. Five of the directors (the qualification of each of whom shall be the possession in his own right of not less than twenty original shares in the Company) shall be from time to time appointed by the original share holders under the Order of 1863, and two of the directors shall be from time to time appointed by the Extension share holders in manner herein-after directed; and any person being a director appointed by the original share holders shall, while he continues such director, be incapable of being elected a director by the Extension share holders; and any person being a director appointed by the Extension share holders shall, while he continues such director, be incapable of being elected a director by the original share holders.

18. At the first ordinary meeting of the Company held in the year 1865, the Extension share holders present, personally or by proxy, at such meeting shall elect two directors, who shall continue in office until the first ordinary meeting of the Company held in the year 1866; and the Extension share holders shall from time to time, as often as vacancies occur by effluxion of time, at the meetings when directors in the room of retiring directors arc chosen, elect two other directors, the qualification of each of whom shall be the possession in' his own right of twenty Extension shares, and such two directors shall continue in office until the first ordinary meeting of the Company held in the then next succeeding year, and any outgoing director shall be re-eligible; and any occasional vacancy among such two directors may, subject to the provisions of this Order, be filled up in the manner prescribed in The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the supplying of occasional vacancies in the office of directors; and the present directors of the Company, and those from time

to

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

to time appointed by the original share holders, and the two directors to be appointed under this Order, shall, subject to the provisions of this Order, enjoy the like powers as if they had been elected by the whole of the shareholders of the Company.

19. The holders of original shares or stock in the Company shall not be entitled as such to vote at any meeting of the Company in regard to the election of directors by the Extension share holders, and Extension snare holders shall not be entitled as such to vote at any meeting of the Company in regard to the election of directors by the original share holders.

20. No director appointed by the original share holders shall be entitled to vote at the election of any director to fill up any vacancy among the directors appointed by the Extension share holders, and no such last-mentioned director shall be entitled to vote at the election of any director to fill up any vacancy among the directors appointed by the original share holders.

21. The Company may from time to time, under this Order, borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, such sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order; but no money shall be borrowed until the whole of the capital of three thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one-half thereof is actually paid up, and until the Company prove to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40 (before he so certifies), that all such capital has been subscribed for, and is held by subscribers or their assigns, and that such subscribers or their assigns are legally liable for the same (of which proof having been given, the certificate of such Justice under that section shall be sufficient evidence).

22. The mortgagees of the Company under this Order may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver: the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be three hundred pounds.

23. The Company shall not, out of any money raised under this Order, by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount of calls made in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest on money advanced by him beyond the amount of the calls actually made as is in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

24. The Company shall not, out of the money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

25. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order.

Miscellaneous.

26. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or boats to ship or unship, at the pier or jetty authorized by this Order, any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which, in the judgment of the Company, might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier or jetty for recreation or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

27. The limits within which the Company shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits of the Order of 1863 and of this Order) shall extend from the Martello Tower which is situate on Bray Strand, in the county of Dublin, about five hundred yards or thereabouts north of the Bray River, across the mouth of the Bray River southward to the point of Bray Head, called Bray Point, in the county of Wicklow, and extending seaward for a distance of five hundred yards from high-water mark at ordinary spring tides between the aforesaid points.

28. Sections 16, 17, 18, and 19, of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

29. The Company shall be the Harbour Authority for or in connexion with the pier and harbour authorized by the Order of 1863, and the pier or jetty and works authorized by this Order, within the prescribed limits.

30. The

407

Bray.

The two classes of shareholders to vote separately in election of their respective directors.

As to vacancies amongst directors.

Power to borrow.

Receiver.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money not to be used for deposit under Standing Orders, &c.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Restriction on use of pier.

Limits of Harbour.

Part of Harbours Clauses Act not incorporated.

Harbour authority.

408

Bray.

Expenses of Order. Construction and short title.

[Preamble.]

Undertakers.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

30. The costs, charges, and expenses of applying for and obtaining this Order, or preparatory or incident thereto, shall be paid by the Company out of the money raised under this Order.

31. This Order shall be read and construed (as far as may be), together with the Order of

1863, as one Order, and may be cited as The Bray Pier and Harbour (Extension) Order,

1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 16th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

O O

Additional Rates for the Pier and Harbour authorized by the Order of

1863, AND FOR THE PlER OR JETTY AUTHORIZED BY THE FOREGOING ORDER.

& d»

For every bath or sedan chair taken on either pier or jetty, for each time 0 6

For every perambulator so taken, for each time, not exceeding - - 0 4

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package of passengers '

luggage, landed or shipped, not exceeding in weight 28 lbs. - - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - 0 4

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - 0 5

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - 0 G

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - - 0 7

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - - 0 8

KIRCUBBIN.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Kircubbin, in the County of Down.

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, Robert Edward Ward, of Bangor Castle, in the county of Down, Esquire, made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board of Trade to make a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to empower the said Robert Edward Ward, as promoter, to execute the works herein after mentioned at the port and harbour of Kircubbin aforesaid, and also to levy and recover harbour rates and duties, according to the Schedule annexed to the said memorial:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the said works is one hundred pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoter published the advertisements and deposited the documents which he was by the last-mentioned Act required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force: —

1. The said Robert Edward Ward and his successors shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. Subject

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

409

2. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may, in or at the said harbour, Kircubbin. and in the lines and on the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited

plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans. work*0*

3. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: Description of

The repairing of the quay or pier, by repairing the paving of the road way or works, surface thereof, and of the sea slope on the outside of the pier, and cleaning out and deepening the present harbour, and erecting mooring posts on the pier, or about the same.

4. From and after the completion of the proposed works (of which completion a certificate Power to take signed by the chairman of the Quarter Sessions having jurisdiction at the port of Kircubbin

shall be conclusive evidence, which certificate such chairman shall sign and give on being satisfied of such completion), the undertakers may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, and things described in the schedule hereto, at the said quay or pier, any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified; but nothing in this Order shall prevent the undertakers from taking at the said quay or pier before the completion of the proposed works any rates which they would have been entitled to take there if this Order had not been made.

5. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have Exemption of

free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the pier and harbour House

by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

6. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the Application of

order following, and not otherwise: receipts.

(1.) In paying the expenses of, and connected with the applying for, obtaining, and making of this Order.

(2.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing harbour and works, and of the new works authorized by this Order.

(3.) And as to the surplus revenue of the harbour, that is to say, so much of the rates as may remain after answering the purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applicable by the undertakers to and for their own proper use and benefit. n

7. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall parts of the not be incorporated with this Order; namely, Sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 25, 26, 49, and 50. Harbours

»Cl&uscs j^cti

8. The undertakers shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the harbour. Meters and

9. The undertakers may provide such steam

steam vessels, piling engines, Weighere.

diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think Providing necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive Hghtere] &c. such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

10. The undertakers shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the Pilotage and

meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and Acts amending the same, with all the tights, \moys powers thereby conferred on pilotage authorities and on local authorities. beacons.

[Short title.]

11. This Order may be cited as The Kircubbin Harbour Order, 1864 .:

Board of Trade, Whitehall,

Dated this 18th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

I. — Rates on Vessels entering or using the Harbour or Pier.

For every vessel, per register ton -

All pleasure boats, boats entirely open, and fishing boats exempt.

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, within or

s. d.

0 2

at the Harbour or Pier.

Bricks, per ton -

Cattle, bulls, cows, oxen, and horses, each Cattle, calves, pigs, sheep, and lambs, per score 27 & 28 VICT. 3 G

- 0

- 0

- 0

d.

0 *

1

3

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

410

Kircubbin.

[Preamble.]

Clover seed, per sack -

Coals, per ton -

Deals, per 120

Flour, per ton -

Potatoes, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel -

Iron, per ton -

Lead or other ores, per ton -

Meal, per ton -

Salt rock, per ton -

Slates, per ton -

Stones (other than limestone), per ton -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Timber of all kinds, except deals, per load of 50 feet -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above, except Limestone. Light goods, per barrel bulk -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rate shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding 2\ cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk, but when the weight of 5 cubic feet is greater than 2£ cwt, then 2£ cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

8. d.

0 1 *

0 0 *

1 0

0 3

0 1

0 0 *

0 1 *

0 3i

0 14

0 1

0 1

0 14

0 2

0 2

0 1

0 2

III. — Rates for the Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds provided at the Harbour or Pier.

1st Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton Exceeding one ton, and not exceeding two tons Exceeding two tons, and not exceeding three tons Exceeding three tons, and not exceeding four tons Exceeding four tons, and not exceeding five tons Exceeding five tons, and not exceeding six tons Exceeding six tons -

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, \d. for each ton or part of a ton.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of eight barrels bulk or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the harbour for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

8. <L

- 0 I *

- 0 2 -03

- 0 4

- 0 5

- 0 6 - 0 7

WALTON (SUFFOLK).

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Walton in the County of Suffolk.

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Walton (Suffolk) Pier made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth that the construction of

a pier

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

a pier at Walton in Suffolk would be of great public and local advantage, and praying their Lordships to approve of the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing powers and privileges for the execution of the works, and for the levying of rates and tolls not exceeding those mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed, and also for the incorporation of a company:

And whereas the estimated expenditure upon the proposed works is one thousand eight hundred pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1801, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

JValton (Suffolk) Pier Company.

1. The following persons, namely, John Chevallier Cobbold, Stephen Charles Hope, and Henry Chevallier Cobbold, and all other persons and corporations who have already subscribed or may subscribe to the undertaking by this Order authorized, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby united into a company for the purpose of making and maintaining the pier and works by this Order authorized, and for the other purposes of this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of the Walton (Suffolk) Pier Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Walton (Suffolk) Pier Company (herein-after called the Company) shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies

Clauses Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The capital of the Company shall be two thousand pounds in two hundred shares of ten pounds each.

5. No calls shall exceed two pounds per share; successive calls shall not be made at a less interval than three months.

6. The Company may from time to time borrow on mortgage or bond at interest such suras of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, but no money shall be borrowed until the whole of the capital of two thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one half thereof is actually paid up, and until the Company proves to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section forty, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been subscribed for bona fide, and is held by subscribers or their assigns, and that such subscribers or their assigns are legally liable for the same (of which proof having been given the certificate of such Justice under that section shall be sufficient evidence).

7. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver; the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be two hundred pounds.

8. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount of calls made in respect of the shares held by him, but this provision shall not prevent the Company from paying to any shareholder

411

Walton 0Suffolk).

Incorporation of Company.

The undertakers.

Companies Clauses Act incorporated. Capital.

Calls.

Borrowing from time to time.

Receiver.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Walton

(Suffolk).

Money not to be used for deposits, &c.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order. First General Meeting.

Number of directors. Quorum of directors.

First directors.

Qualification of directors.

Power to take specified land by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Land for

extraordinary

purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to schedule.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Restriction on use of pier.

Power of Company to contract with persons for use of pier.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

such interest on money advanced by him beyond the amount of the calls actually made as is in conformity with the provisions in The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

10. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for purposes by this Order authorized.

11. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within three months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order.

12. The number of directors shall be three, with power to the Company to increase the number, but not beyond five.

13. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be two.

14. The persons herein-before named shall be the first directors.

15. The qualification of a director shall be the possession in his own right of not less than ten shares.

Lands.

16. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

17. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

18. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

Works.

19. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of the deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

20. The works by this Order authorized comprise the following:

A pier in the parish of Walton in the county of Suffolk, to be constructed between the present pier or jetty and the Martello Tower Battery at Walton, and to extend from high-water mark to about fifty-five yards below low-water mark, together with all necessary and convenient quays, wharfs, jetties, landing places, works, and conveniences connected with the said pier.

Rates.

21. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

22. Officers of the Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

23. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or boats, excepting with the consent of the Company, to ship or unship at the pier any sheep or cattle.

24. The Company may grant to foot passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such periods not exceeding one year, ns may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person; such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use; if any person acts in any way contrary to this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Pier3 Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

General

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

413

Walton

(Suffolk).

General Provisions.

25. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion

with the pier. Meters and

26. Sections 16, 17, 18, and 19 of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, ^«ghe». shall not be incorporated with this Order.

27. This Order may be cited as The Walton (Suffolk) Pier Order, 1864. &c. gaage8 *

Board of Trade, Whitehall, Short fid*-

Dated this 19th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Faiireb,

Marine Secretary.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burthen of fifteen tons, per ton For every vessel of the burthen of fifteen tons and upwards, per ton - For every vessel of the burthen of fifty tons, and under one hundred tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burthen of one hundred tons, and under one hundred and fifty tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons and upwards -

II. — Rates on Persons Landing at or Embarking from or using

For every passenger or other person who shall land from or embark on board of any vessel, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding -

For every person who shall use the said pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding -

III. — -Rates on Goods Shipped or Unshipped at the Pier.

Anchors, per hundredweight -

Ashes, per barrel -

Alum, per hundredweight -Anchovies, per barrel -

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Apples and pears, per sack of three bushels -Asparagus, per basket -Ale, porter, beer, cyder, or perry, per butt -

per cask -

per hogshead -per half hogshead, or other less quantity -

in bottles, per twelve dozen Bran or pollard, per eight bushels -Beer, table, per nine gallons -Beef or pork, contained in any cask, per hundredweight Barrel boards or staves, per thousand -

Butt staves, per hundred -

And all other staves in proportion.

Battens, Petersburg, per hundred - Boards or battens, close, per hundred

Billiard table -

Bedstead, mahogany -

every other -

s.

3 0

4 0

0 6

0 8

0 10

the Pier.

s. d.

0 2

0 U

0 3

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 2

0 2

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 9

1 0

0 6

0 2 4* 6

0 3

0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

414

Walton (Suffolk

Bricks, per thousand -

Barilla, per ton -

per seron -

Bolt of canvas, No. 1, 2, 3

every other -

Butt, pipe, or puncheon, entire or in staves, each - Bottles, empty, per dozen -

Bale, every box, truss, trunk, case, ches ^, bundle, or parcel containing goods not enumerated in Schedule, per cubic foot Ditto per hundredweight -

Basket or maund, containing goods not enumerated in Schedule smaller, each -empty, per dozen -Beef or pork, per tierce -

per barrel -

Butter, per barrel -

or cheese, per hundredweight -

Biscuit, per bag -

Beans and peas, per sack -

Bottles, full, in hampers, per dozen -Brooms, hair, and mops, per dozen -Bacon, per side.

Beef, per hundredweight -

Bedding, seamen's -

Currants or raisins, per hundredweight -Coffee, per hundredweight -

Copper or brass, wrought or unwrought, per hundredweight -Chalk stones, rough or hewn, per ton -

Cordage, per hundredweight -

Clover seed, per sack -

Calf skins, per dozen -

Colours, per firkin -

Carboys, each -

Coals, culm, splint, coke, or cinder, per ton -

Chest of drawers, double -

single -

Chairs, per dozen -

Chairs, each -

Chimney-pots, each -

Cabbages, per dozen -

Carrots, and vegetable roots, per hundred -Deals, per load, containing fifty cubic feet -

Dogs, each -

Earthenware, per large crate -

per small crate -

Fish, per pot, prickle, or pad -

per ton -

per trunk -

Fish, per bushel or sieve -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -

Flour, per sack of five bushels -

Faggots, per hundred -

Fire wood, per cord -

Feathers, per hundredweight -

Foxes, each -

Fowls, and every other sort of Poultry, per head -

s. d.

0

1 2

0 0

0 0 *

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 0£

0 1

0 4

0 3

0 1

0 4

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 H

0 1

0 2

0 0 *

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 4

0 H

0 3

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 6

0 8

0 5

0 6

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 9

0 2

0 6

0 3

0 1

1 0

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 3

0 3

0 1

0 6

0 1

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Flint stones, per ton -

Glass ware, per large crate -

per small crate -- window, per crate -Grindstones, each -

Grate or range, large -

small -

Gunpowder, per barrel -Garden stuff, per bushel or sieve -

Guano, per ton -

Hay, per load of thirty-six trusses -

Hops, per bag -

per packet -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per hundredweight Herrings, red, per barrel -

Hogshead, packed with goods not enumerated in Schedule -

Hoops, per bundle -

Hurdles, per hundred -

Hardware, per cask or box -

Harpsichord -

Harps, each -

Hemp, per hundredweight -

Hares, pheasants, and all other game, per head

Hides, raw or tanned -

Iron, per hundredweight -

per ton .....

pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Latns, per twenty bundles -

Lath wood, six feet per fathom -

five feet ditto -

Lead, per hundredweight -

Lead, per ton .....

Lime, per load of twenty-eight bushels Leather, per hide -

Leeks, per dozen bundles -

Lumber and every other article not specified before in this T foot cube -

dosser hundredweight -

Meal or middlings, per hundredweight.

Mahogany, in logs or planks, per foot cube -

Masts, ten inches in diameter or upwards, each Masts under ten inches, each -

Millstones, large, each -small, each -Molasses, per puncheon Mustard, per thirty pound barrel -

Marble, per ton -

Nails, per bag -Nuts, per bag -

Oil cakes, per thousand -Oranges and lemons, per chest -

per half chest -Oil, train, or fish, per barrel, and so on in proportion for an or smaller quantity -Oak or elm planks, per load, containing thirty cubic feet

8. d.

- 0 1

- 0 6

0 3

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

_ 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 9

- 0 6

. 0 3

. 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 6

* - 0 1

- 0 10

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 8

- 0 1

. 0 1

. 0 1

- 0 1

. 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 6

. 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 4

. 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 1

per 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 0 9

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 1

. 1 0

- 0 1

. 0 1

- 0 9

- 0 3

- 0 2

ftter 0 4

- 0 6

415

Walton

(Suffolk).

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

416

Walton

(Suffolk).

Oysters, per bushel -

per firkin or smaller barrel -Oil cake, per hundredweight -

Ovens, each -

Ordnance pieces of brass or iron, per hundredweight Onions, per bushel -Oatmeal, per sack -Oil, per pipe -

per hogshead -per half hogshead -

per jar -per chest -

per half chest -Potatoes, per barrel -

per ton -

per sack of three bushels Plums, per box -Pale cleft, per thousand -Posts and rails, per load of fifty cubic feet -Peas and rice, per sack -Pewter, wrought, per hundredweight

old -

Pianofortes, each -

Pitch and tar, per barrel -Paper, per cwt -

Straw, per load -

Sugar loafs, per hundredweight -

raw, per hundredweight -Salt, per hundredweight -Spars, per score -

Solder, per hundredweight -

Sofas, each -

Stone, per ton

paving, per ton -

Slate, per ton, containing twenty-four cubic feet Stove, register -

Stove, other -Sedan chairs, each -Salmon, per kit or basket -Skins, goat, dog, calf, sheep, or lamb, per doz.

Soap, per hundredweight -Starch, per hundredweight -Staves, pipe, per hundred -

hogshead, per hundred -

barrel, per hundred -ends, per hundred -Shoes or boots, per box or hamper -Shot, per bag

Salt fish, per hundredweight -

Spades and shovels, per doz.

Shrimp baskets, each -

Tallow, soap or candles, per hundredweight Tea, per quarter chest -

And so on in proportion for any greater or less quantity 1 Tar, per cask -

Treacle, per hundredweight -

s. d.

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 9

- 0 1

0 1

- 0 9

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 0 *

- 0 1

- 0 2

iest

- 0 2

- 0 1

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Timber, per load, containing fifty cubic feet -Tables, dining, per set

other dining tables, each -

card or pembroke, each -

every other, each -Tombstones, each -

marble -

Tiles, plain, per thousand -

hip or gutter, per thousand -ridge or pantiles, per thousand mathematical, per thousand -

Tiles, paving, per thousand -Turtle, each -

Tobacco and snuff, per hundredweight -

Tallow, per hundredweight -

Tin, per cwt.

Turbot, per score -

Trunk, portmanteau, or bundle, each -Vats packed with goods not enumerated in Schedule, each per cube -

per hundredweight

Violins or bass viols, or other stringed instruments (except harps), Vinegar, per hogshead -Wheat, oats, &c., per quarter -

Wool, yarn or cotton, per hundredweight -Wine (not British), sweet oil, or spirits, for every gallon contair any butt, pipe, puncheon, or piece, or any cask whatsoever Oil or spirits in bottles, per dozen -per pipe -per hogshead -per half hogshead -All goods not enumerated in this Schedule to pay at the rate of lei. per cube foot, or 3d. per hundredweight, or 2d. per bushel or gallon.

s. d.

- 0 6

. 1 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

0 3

- 1 6

- 2 6

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 9

- 0 3

- 0 10

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

foot

- 0 1

- 0 1

each 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

ed in

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 2

417

Walton

(Suffolk).

HOLYWOOD.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier and Quay at Holyicood in the County of Down.

[Preamble.]

Whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Holy wood Pier Company, Limited, made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board of Trade to make a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to empower the said Holywood Pier Company, Limited, to erect a Pier and Quay at Holywood aforesaid, and to execute all necessary works connected therewith, and to acquire such land as may be requisite for those purposes, and to levy and recover tolls, rates, and duties thereat, according to the schedule annexed to the Draft Provisional Order, and also to borrow a sum not exceeding seven thousand eight hundred pounds on the security of the said tolls, rates, and duties for the construction of such works as aforesaid:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the said works and connected therewith is seven thousand eight hundred pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which they were by the last-mentioned Act required to publish and deposit:

27 & 28 Vict. 3 FI And

418

Holywood.

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

Power to take rates according to schedule.

Commencement of rates.

Certificate of completion.

Power to borrow for works.

Commissioners Clauses Act,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for confirmation thereof (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The Holy wood Pier Company, Limited, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase or taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

(1.) A Pier at Holy wood, on iron piles, commencing in the bed or shore of Belfast Lough at a point seventy-five yards or thereabouts distant (measured in the line the continuation of Shore Street) from the Bath-house at the corner of Shore Street and Marine Parade, and extending north-westward over the bed or shore of Belfast Lough for a distance of twelve hundred and fifty-three yards or thereabouts, terminating at the navigation channel:

(2.) A Quay, commencing in the bed or shore of Belfast Lough at the point above described, and extending north-westward along the east side of the before-described pier for a distance of three hundred and fifty-six two-thirds yards or thereabouts, terminating at a point in the bed or shore of Belfast Lough: together with all necessary and convenient landing places, wharves, jetties, cranes, weighing machines, works, and conveniences connected with such Pier and Quay respectively.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, boats, persons, animals, goods, and things in the schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

8. As soon as either the Pier or the Quay is completed and fit for the accommodation or reception of the vessels, boats, persons, animals, goods, or things in respect of which rates are by this Order authorized to be levied, then (whether the remaining part of the works authorized by this Order is completed or not) the Company may begin and they may thenceforth continue to demand and receive such of the rates specified in the schedule to this Order as are applicable to the Pier or Quay so completed and fit (as the case may be).

9. A certificate under the hand of the chairman of the Quarter Sessions shall be conclusive evidence that the Pier or the Quay (as the case may be) is so completed and fit as aforesaid; and the chairman shall sign such certificate on proof being adduced to him of such completion and fitness.

10. For the purposes of this Order the undertakers may from time to time borrow and re-borrow at interest, on mortgage of the undertaking and the rates payable under this Order, such moneys as they think fit, not exceeding in the whole seven thousand eight hundred pounds.

11. The provisions of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be incorporated with this Order.

12. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

12. The sum to be every year appropriated as a sinking fund is one thirtieth part of the principal money borrowed, such appropriation to commence from the expiration of one year after any such certificate of completion and fitness as aforesaid has been obtained by the Company.

13. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest or the arrears of principal and interest due to them by the appointment of a receiver.

14. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is five hundred pounds.

15. All money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for purposes of the undertaking.

16. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers in connexion with the Pier and Quay respectively.

17. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders tickets for the use of the Pier on such terms, and for such period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

18. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to twenty-three both inclusive, and sections twenty-five and twenty-six.

19. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the Pier and Quay with their vessels and otherwise without payment.

20. Part Y. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

21. The rates to be received under this Order shall, after payment of expenses of management, maintenance, and regulation of the Pier and Quay, and of interest on money borrowed, and after provision for the sinking fund, be applicable by the Company to and for their own proper use and benefit

22. This Order may be cited as The Holy wood Pier and Quay Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 22d day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Fabber,

Marine Secretary.

Schedule referred to in foregoing Order.

Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every passenger steamer plying between Holy wood and Belfast, or Holywood and other place in Belfast Lough, stopping at the pier for the purpose of landing or embarking any passengers or passenger, for each trip per registered ton not exceeding per ton For every other vessel using the pier, not exceeding per registered ton -Pleasure boats, fishing boats, and open boats not carrying cargo

Rates on Goods or Animals shipped or unshipped, at the Pier or Quay.

0

0

d.

Exempt RECEIVED OR DELIVERED,

Coals, per ton -

Bricks or stone, other than lime-stone, per ton Lime-stone, per ton -

Lime, per barrel -

3 H 2

- not exceeding

4

2

4

1

419

Holywood. Sinking ftind.

Receiver for mortgagees.

Amount for

receiver.

Application of money

borrowed.

peters and

weighers.

Power to contract with persons for use of pier.

Parts of Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, excepted.

Exemptions of Custom House Officers from rates.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply. Application of rates.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c 93.

420

Holywood, Tiles, per 1,000 - not exceeding J. 0 d. 6

Deals, per 120 - 99 1 0

Other timber, per load of 50 feet - 99 0 2

Iron, per ton - - 99 0 2

Lead, per ton - - 0 3

Slates, per ton - - 99 0 2

Flour, per ton - 99 0 3

Meal, per ton ..... - 99 0 2

Potatoes, per ton - - 99 0 4

Corn or grain, per ton - - 99 0 4

Clover-seed, per sack - - 99 0 3

Manure, per ton - - 99 0 3

Cattle, bulls, cows, oxen, and horses, each - 99 0 2

Ditto, calves, pigs* sheep, and lambs, per score - 99 0 6

Gunpowder, per barrel - - 99 0 1

All other Goods not particularly enumerated Light goods, per barrel bulk - ABOVE. - not exceeding 0 2

Heavy goods, per ton - - 0 4

In charging rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all kinds to be taken; and for any less weight, measure, or quantity than those above specified, a proportion of the above rate shall be charged. Five cubic feet not exceeding cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk, but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than 2£ cwt., then 2J cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

Bates of Craneage and Weighing Machines to be provided.

Craneage.

All goods under ton - not exceeding

1 ton and under 2 tons ...

2 tons

3 tons

tons

5 tons

6 tons

And for every additional ton above 6 tons not exceeding per ton

Weighing Machines.

For each ten hundredweight or part thereof -

3 tons

tons

5 tons

6 tons

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2

3

4

5

6 m /

8

1

1

Shed Dues.

For each ton of eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of 20 cwt., or fractional part thereof respectively, which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the harbour for a longer time than 48 hours - 0 6

And for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first

48 hours, for each ton or fractional part thereof - -.-01

Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier, or embark therefrom on board of any ship, vessel, packet, passage, or other boat, for each and every time not exceeding - 0 1

Passengers luggage under 28 lbs. weight - Exempt

For every further 28 lbs., or fractional part thereof, not exceeding - 0 1 For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of >valking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except embarking or disembarking, for each and every time not exceeding - - 0 1

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

421

Hotywood.

8. a. 1

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time not exceeding - - 0 6

For every perambulator taken on the pier, for each and every time not exceeding - - -06

Crews from boats or ships lying in the Lough of Belfast landing for the purpose of procuring provisions for ships' use - - Exempt

EXE BIGHT.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier in the Exe Bight in the Harbour of the River Exe in the County of %Devon.

[Preamble.]

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Right Honourable William Reginald Earl of Devon made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board of Trade to make a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to empower the said William Reginald Earl of Devon, as promoter, to construct a pier on the soil and bed of the River Exe and lands adjoining thereto and contiguous to that part of the River Exe called the Exe Bight in the county of Devon, to complete the execution of the works, to levy tolls and rates, and also to borrow a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds, on the security of the said rates, for the construction of such works as aforesaid:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the said works is fifteen thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoter published the advertisements and deposited the documents which he was by the last-mentioned Act required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the said William Reginald Earl of Devon has undertaken the construction of an embankment on the foreshore of the river Exe, extending from Starcross to Warren Point, (which proposed embankment was approved, so far as regards navigation, by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty by Order dated the 5th day of December 1862,) and the proposed pier is intended to be constructed in connexion with that embankment:

And whereas it is expedient that the site and dimensions of the proposed pier be under the control of the Board of Trade, with a view to the prevention of injury to the navigation of the river Exe:

And whereas the proposed embankment is likely to be completed in the course of the year 1864, but until it is completed the proper site and dimensions for the proposed pier cannot be determined:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act,

1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect, and be in force:

1. The said William Reginald Earl of Devon, his heirs and assigns, or other his successors Undertaker *, in estate, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the undertakers may, from Lands, time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The

Exe Bight

Lands Clauses Acts.

Works.

Description of works.

Approval of Board of Trade for site, &c.

Bates.

Pass tickets.

Customs

officers.

Borrowing,

Commissioners Clauses Act

Sinking fund.

Receiver.

Application of money.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and on the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

1. A pier or jetty commencing at or near a place about 2, 300 feet distant in a southeasterly direction from the point on the South Devon Railway where a stream called Cockwood Lake passes under the railway, and extending into the Exe Bight in a north-easterly direction, and in a straight line about 396 feet or thereabouts, and then turning both in a south-easterly and in a north-westerly direction, and extending in each of those directions about 330 feet or thereabouts;

2. To dredge, scour, cleanse, or remove any bank of sand or mud adjoining the proposed pier or jetty;

with all necessary or proper buoys, warping-posts, guides, helps, quays, wharfs, approaches, works, and conveniences connected with the proposed pier or jetty.

6. Notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, the proposed pier shall not be constructed, except on such site (within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans) and of such dimensions as the Board of Trade may from time to time, before the completion of the proposed pier, direct or approve, with a view to the prevention of injury to the navigation of the river Exe.

7. The undertakers may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and things in the schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in the schedule specified.

8. The undertakers may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, h6 shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act.

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the pier and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. For the purposes of this Order the undertakers may from time to time borrow and re-borrow at interest, on mortgage of all or any part of the rates authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property vested in the undertakers under or by virtue of this Order, such sum or sums of money as they may think fit, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifteen thousand pounds.

11. The provisions of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be incorporated with this Order.

12. The sum to be every year appropriated as a sinking fund is one fiftieth part of the principal money borrowed, such appropriation to commence from the expiration of one year after the undertakers are authorized to begin to demand and receive rates under this Order.

13. The mortgagees of the undertakers may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or the arrears of principal and interest, due to them, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is 1,000l.

14. All money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes of the undertaking.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

15. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

1. In paying the expenses of and connected with the applying for, obtaining, and making of this Order.

2. In paying year by-year the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the pier and works authorized by this Order.

3. In paying year by year the interest on any money borrowed under this Order, and in creating year by year the sinking fund required by this Order.

4. And as to the surplus of each year's revenue of the said pier and works, that is to say, so much of the rates as may remain after answering the three several purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applicable by the undertakers to and for their own use and benefit.

16. The undertakers shall have the appointment of meters and weighers employed about the pier.

17. The undertakers may at any time, by deed, transfer or lease to the South Devon Railway Company, their lessees or assigns, or to any other company or corporation, their lessees or assigns, if and when the said Railway Company, their lessees or assigns, or any other company or corporation, their lessees or assigns, are lawfully empowered to take a transfer or lease under the present provision, or to any person or persons, all or any part of the works herein specified, and the right to receive all or any part of the rates authorized by this Order, but so that any deed of transfer or lease under this provision shall not have any effect unless it is made with the approval of the Board of Trade, testified in writing signed by a Secretary of the Board.

18. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the pier and works authorized by this Order.

19. Sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 49, and 50 of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order; provided, with respect to the said sections 49 and 50, that this exception shall not apply if any such transfer or lease as aforesaid is made to any Company or Corporation, and so long as such transfer or lease remains in operation.

20. Nothing in this Order shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any rates, tolls, or dues belonging or payable to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City of Exeter within the limits of the Port of Exeter.

21. This Order may be cited as The Exe Bight Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 23d day of March 1864 *

(Signed) T. H. Far her.

Marine Secretary.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier. s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of one hundred tons, per ton - 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of one hundred tons, and under one hundred and fifty tons, per ton - 0 5

For every vessel of the burden of one hundred and fifty tons and

upwards, per ton - - 0 6

All lighters, for each trip, per ton - 0 2

All other boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each - 0 6

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier. Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -Ale (bottled), per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles ... Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Apples, per ton -

Bark, per ton .....

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 0

-06

423

Exe Bight.

Application of rates.

Meters and weighers.

Power to transfer.

Harbours and Passing Tolls Act.

Harbours Clauses Act

Saving for Corporation of Exeter.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

424

Exe Biyht.

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt.

Ditto, per barrel -Biscuit or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons - Bones and bone dust, per ton - Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

Ditto, per firkin -

Cables, Iron or hempen, per ton Canvas, per bolt ...

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt.

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each

Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cork, per cwt.

Crystal, per box or package Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Ditto (in crates), per foot Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted b per cwt

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack - Ditto, per barrel Fruit, per cwt.

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate -

Ditto, per small ditto or case Ditto, per box -

Grain, corn, and seeds, per quarter Groceries (not enumerated), per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

It. d.

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 1 0

- 1 0

. 0 6

. 1 0

. 0 3

- 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 2 0

. 0 6

3 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

. 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 6

5 0

_ 2 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 2 0

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 I

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 9

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

. 1 6

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

Ditto (cured), per barrel ...

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Hops, per pocket -

Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton Kelp, per ton Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per ton -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure, not enumerated, per ton

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, oach Under 10 inches, each Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Musical instruments, per cube foot Nets, per 5 cube feet -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt. -

Poultry and game, per dozen Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt. -

Salt, per ton -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet ...

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead Ditto ditto per gallon

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet ...

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt. -

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt.

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel Turtle, each

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt.

27 & 28 Vict. 3 I

425

s. d.

- 0 2

. 1 0

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 0 3

0 1

- 0 6

1 0

- 0 9

- 1 6

- 1 6

- 1 6

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 (i

1 0

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 2 0

- 0 2

426

Exe Bight,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -

Laths and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet

Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter, per 120 -

Ditto, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 -

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 -

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Spokes of wheels exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Trenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 -

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton Wool, per cwt.

Yarn, per cwt -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated in the above Table.

Light goods, per cube foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any greater or less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged, but when there shall be a fraction of a penny \d. to be chargeable.

s. d.

0 4

1 0

0 1

1 0

0 2

1 0

1 6

1 0

1 6

2 0

2 0

2 6

2 0

5 0

7 0

1 0

1 6

1 0

1 0

1 0

1 6

0 3

0 1

0 1 2 0

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1 st Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton Exceeding ton, and not exceeding 2 tons Exceeding 2 tons, and not exceeding 3 tons Exceeding 3 tons, and not exceeding tons Exceeding tons, and not exceeding 5 tons Exceeding 5 tons, and not exceeding 6 tons Exceeding 6 tons, and not exceeding 7 tons Exceeding 7 tons, and not exceeding 8 tons Exceeding 8 tons, and not exceeding 9 tons Exceeding 9 tons, and not exceeding 10 tons Exceeding 10 tons -

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 8

- - - 0 10

- - - 1 0

- - - 1 2

- . 1 4

- - - 1 6

- - 1 10

- - - 2 4

- - 3 6

0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of s. d 20 cwt. which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other articles of passengers

luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - 0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton ' - -06

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every time any sum not exceeding -

For every perambulator -

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding -

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the

description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0 1

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - 0 2

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - 0 3

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - - 0 4

And for every cwt beyond - 0 2

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - 0 1

0 3

0 1

0 3 0 1

10 0

427

Exe Bight.

LYTHAM.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Lytham in the County of Lancaster.

[Preamble.]

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the Lytham Pier Company, Limited, made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order containing powers for the construction of a pier at Lytham in the county of Lancaster for the use and convenience of passengers and promenaders, for the complete execution of the works, and the levying of rates and tolls:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is six thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought exexpedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

428

Lytham.

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Power to make works.

Description of pier.

Power to take rates according to schedule to this Order. Restriction on use of pier.

Company may contract with persons for the use of pier.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The Lytham Pier Company, Limited, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purpose of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

5. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, or already acquired by them, or over and on which they have obtained or may obtain the rights and privileges requisite for that purpose, and on the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier on iron piles commencing at a point in the Esplanade opposite Dicconson Terrace, in front of the town of Lytham, and earned out seaward a distance not exceeding nine hundred feet; with all proper works, approaches, and other conveniences connected therewith.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the persons, vessels, and things in the schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

8. Nothing in this Order shall entitle vessels or boats to ship or unship at the pier

any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or any things other than those in the schedule hereto

described.

9. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such a period not exceeding one year, as may be

agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket

shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act.

10. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

11. This Order may be cited as The Lytham Pier Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 23d day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule to which this Order refers.

I. — Rates ox Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier, £ s. d. or embark from it on board of any ship, vessel, packet, or passage bout, for each and every time, any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 6

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking, £ s. d. for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose except for embarking or disembarking, for eich and every time, any sum not exceeding- 0 0 2

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - - 0 0 0

For every perambulator, not exceeding - - 0 0 4

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Lytham, and using the same pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - -10 0

II. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - -002

And for every 112 lbs. weight, or fractional part thereof, in addition 0 0 3

III. — Rates on Vessels using the Piek.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - - per ton 0 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, 0 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, 0 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, 0 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards -, 0 10

429

Lytham.

ARDGLASS.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour at Ardglass in the County of Down.

Whereas by the Act of the session of the 7th and 8th years of King George the Fourth Preamble, .(chapter 80, local and personal)," for maintaining and improving the harbour of Ardglass 43 Geo. 3. " in the county of Down," herein-after referred to as the Act of 1827, it was provided to c. lxxx. the effect that the rates specified in that Act and the schedule thereto should be levied, and that there should be such Commissioners for the execution of that Act as therein mentioned, and that all money received from the rates (after defraying the expense of collection) should be applied in the improvement, maintenance, and repair of the harbour:

And whereas for a long time past the pier and works constructed or improved under the authority of the Act of 1827 have been in a ruinous condition, and there has not been any body of Commissioners constituted under the said Act, and no rates have been levied thereunder, and the Act of 1827 has consequently become and is wholly inoperative:

And whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Ardglass Harbour made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying their Lordships to make a Provisional Order under those Acts, and thereby to empower the promoters to execute the works herein-after mentioned at the Port and Harbour of Ardglass aforesaid, and also to levy and recover harbour rates and duties not exceeding those mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and for the incorporation of a Company:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is twenty thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents# which, by the last-mentioned Act, they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be Introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this

Provisional

430

Ardglass.

Incorporation of Company.

Undertakers.

Incorporation of Companies Clauses Act. Capital.

Calls.

Power to create

preference

shares.

Borrowing.

Receiver.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money not to be used for deposit, Ac.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

A rdglass Harbour Company.

1. The following persons, namely, Godfrey Lyle, George Beauclerc, and John William Lambert Smith, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed or may subscribe to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making and maintaining the pier and works authorized by this Order, and for the other purposes of this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of the Ardglass Harbour Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Ardglass Harbour Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Clauses Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. The capital of the Company shall be the sum of twenty thousand pounds, in two thousand shares of ten pounds each.

5. No call shall exceed two pounds ten shillings per share, or be made payable within three months of any previous call.

6. The Company may, by the resolution of a General Meeting specially convened, such resolution being adopted by not less than three-fifths in value of the Shareholders present in person or by proxy at the meeting, direct that the holders of any portion not exceeding one-third part of the shares then subscribed for or taken, shall be entitled to dividend at a rate to be prescribed by such meeting, not exceeding five per centum per annum, in priority to the other holders of shares in the capital of the Company.

7. The Company may borrow on mortgage or bond, at interest, from time to time such sums of money as may from time to time be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order; but no money shall be so borrowed until the whole of the capital of twenty thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and until one-half thereof is paid up, and until the Company proves to the Justice who is to certify under The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, section 40, before he so certifies, that all such capital has been subscribed for, and is held by subscribers or their assigns legally liable for the same (which certificate shall be sufficient evidence of the matters therein certified).

8. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or the arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be five hundred pounds.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any such shareholder such interest on any money advanced by him beyond the amount of the calls actually made as maybe in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

11. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

12. The first General Meeting of the Company shall be held within six calendar months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order, at such time and place as the Directors determine.

13. The number of Directors shall not be more than seven or less than five.

14. The quorum of a meeting of Directors shall be three.

15. The three persons herein-before named may nominate the persons who shall, either conjointly with themselves or any of them, or otherwise, be the first Directors of the Company; and the Directors so nominated shall continue in office till the first General Meeting of the Company.

16. The qualification of a Director elected by the shareholders, or nominated as aforesaid, shall be the holding in his own right of not less than twenty-five shares in the capital of the Company.

17. The remuneration of the Directors shall from time to time be fixed by a General Meeting, and shall be divided among the Directors in such manner as they determine. Until any other remuneration is fixed in manner aforesaid, the remuneration divisible among the Directors shall be after the rate of two hundred and fifty pounds per annum.

Lands.

18. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

20. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole four acres.

Works.

431

Ardglass.

First general meeting. Number of Directors. Quorum of Directors.

First Directors.

Qualification.

Remuneration.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Land for extraordinary purposes.

21. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by Power to make them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits works *

of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make, execute, and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

22. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: Description of

1. A pier of iron or stone to be constructed at or near the situation of the pier as works '

formerly existing at Ardglass, being in the direction of due east, at a right angle to the in-and-out trend of the main inlet, and parallel to the seaward aspect, on the western shore of the inlet, called Ardglass Bay:

2. To dredge, deepen, and enlarge, and remove rocks out of the area within the line of the said formerly existing pier:

3. To erect and maintain a new lighthouse or beacon upon the pier-head of the

proposed iron or stone pier: together with all necessary quays, wharves, jetties, landing places, approaches, warehouses, offices, sheds, weighing machines, and other works and conveniences connected therewith respectively.

Rates.

23. The Company may demand and receive, in respect of the vessels, goods, and things Power to take in the Schedule hereto described, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule J^hedule^ specified; but nothing in this Order shall empower the Company to demand or receive any this order, rates with respect to the existing Harbour until they are entitled to demand and receive

rates with respect to the pier and works authorized by this Order.

24. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free Custom House

ingress, passage, and egress, on, into, along, through, and out of the Pier and Harbour, by *empt

land, and with their vessels, and otherwise, without payment. 8 '

25. Persons engaged in launching any vessel for the purpose of going to the assistance of Purtho-exemp-a vessel in distress, or persons landing from a vessel in distress, or a single parcel carried tion m rates' by any passenger landing at or embarking from the Pier or Harbour, shall be exempt

from the payment of rates under this Order.

General

Ardglass.

Meters and *weighers.

Confirmation of byelaws and provision for management of harbour.

Parts of Harbours Clauses Act excepted. Power to establish steam tugs, &c.

Application of Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47.

[Short title.]

Discontinuance of powers of Act of 1827.

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 93.

General Provisions.

26. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on and within the Pier and Harbour and property of the Company.

27. Any byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, (for the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act,) shall not come into operation until allowed and confirmed by the Board of Trade, .which allowance and confirmation shall be sufficient for all purposes; and it shall not be lawful for the Harbour Master, by virtue of section 52 of the last-mentioned Act, or of any other authority, or for the Company, to give or cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, or provided for in the byelaws, further or otherwise than as he or they may be expressly authorized by the byelaws to do so.

28. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections 16, 17, 18, and 1£.

29. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

30. Part V. of The Harbour and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the Harbour of Ardglass, as altered under this Order.

31. This Order shall be of full force and effect, the Act of 1827 notwithstanding, and from the commencement of the operation of this Order no works shall be executed, or Commissioners constituted, or rates levied, under the Act of 1827.

32. This Order may be cited as The Ardglass Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 24th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farreb,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

I. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped, received or delivered, within or at

THE EXISTING HARBOUR, OR AT THE NEW WORKS.

Acid water, acid vegetable, or mineral, per pipe

Acorns, per ton of forty bushels Alabaster, rough, per ton Ditto, worked, per cwt.

Ale, beer, or porter, per butt or pipe

Ditto per hogshead

Ditto per barrel

Ditto per kilderkin

Ditto in bottles, per dozen

Ale, bottled, per barrel bulk Alkanet root, per cwt.

Altnonds, per cwt.

Aloes, per cwt.

Alum, per cwt -

Amber, per cwt.

Ambergris, per cwt.

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchovies, per barrel Angelica, per cwt.

5. dm 1 0

Ditto ditto per hogshead - 0 6

Ditto ditto per firkin - 0 3

Ditto ditto per jar - - 0 2

Ditto ditto per cwt. - 0 3

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 H

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

1

3

4

3

4 2 4

1 0 0 2

0

0

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

433

Ardglau»

Animals, stuffed, each -

Annatto, per cwt -Anniseeds, per cwt.

Antimony, per cwt.

Anvils, per cwt.

Apples, in bulk, per ton -

Arrowroot, in powder, per cwt.

Arsenic, per cwt.

Ashes, barilla, per cwt.

Pearl and pot, per cwt Black, per cwt.

Bleaching, per cwt -

Common Irish, per cwt Soda, per cwt.

Asphaltum, per cwt -

Bacon or pork, per cwt

Bagging, per cwt.

Ballast, per ton registered measurement of vessel

Bark, tanner's, chopped, per ton

Ditto, rinds, not ground, per ton Augustina, per cwt.

Birch and larch, per ton Quercitron, per ton -

Sassafras, per cwt Winteranus, per cwt.

Baskets, per dozen -

Basket rods, per 1,000 Bass rope, per cwt Bedposts, mahogany, per set Others, per set -

Beef or pork, per tierce -

Ditto, per barrel

Ditto, per half barrel and smaller package Ditto, per ton Beer, spruce, per barrel of 32 gallons Bell metal, per cwt -Bellows, smiths, each Bellows, common, per dozen Berries, bay, per cwt.

Juniper, per cwt.

Yellow, per cwt -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt. -Blacking, per cwt.

Blackjack, per ton -

Blocks, heel, per gross Last, per dozen Ship, per dozen -

Blubber, per cwt.

Blue, per cwt.

Bobbins, per cask -

Bones, per ton -

Bone dust, per quarter Books, per cwt.

Borax, per cwt.

Bottles, loose, empty, per gross In baskets or carboys, full 27 & 28 VICT. 3 K

s. d.

- - 0 6

- - - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 1

. - 0 6

_ - 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 6

. - 2 0

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 4

- 0 1

- - - 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 4

- - - 0 6

_ - 0 4

- - 0 2

- . 1 4

- - 0 8

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 1

- 0 1

- m - 0 2

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 2

_ - 0 6

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

434

Ardgfass.

Bowls of wood, per dozen -

Boxes, iron, for wheels, per cwt.

Bran, per ton -Brandy, per hogshead -Brass, new, per cwt.

Old, per cwt. -Bricks, common, per 1,000 -

Fire, per 1,000 -

Scouring, per 1,000 -

Slabjacks, per dozen Brimstone, per cwt.

Bristles, per 12 lbs.

Brooms, birch, per gross Brooms and brush handles, per gross Brush heads and stocks, per 100 Brushes, hair, rushes, and whalebone, per dozen Bugles and beads, per cwt.

Bullion, per package -

Bullrushes, per bundle Butter, per cask -

Ditto, per firkin Ditto, per pot -

Ditto, per barrel -

Cables, per cwt. -Cakes, linseed or rape, per cwt.

Calamine, per cwt. -Calaminaris, lapis, per cwt.

Calves velves, per cwt.

Camphor, per cwt. -

Candles, tallow, chest of 14 dozen Ditto, half chest Ditto, wax, per 12 lbs.

Canella alba, per cwt -

Canes, per bundle -

Cantharides, per cwt. -

Canvas, per bolt -

Caoutchouc, per cwt.

Capers, per cwt.

Capillaire, per 100 gallons -

Carboys, empty, each Cards, wool, per dozen -Carriages or coaches, each - For guns, each -Gigs, each Carts, each -

Hand, each -

Casks, empty, not returned, each Cattle:

Asses and mules, each

Bulls, each

Cows and oxen, each

Calves and lambs, each -

Horses, each

Pigs or sheep, each

Sucking pigs, each -

s. d.

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 2 0

- 1 6

- 0 n

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

. 0 6

_ 0 1

- 0 2

0 3

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 H

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

. 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 10 6

- 1 6

- 5 0

- 2 6

- 1 0

- 0 2

1 0

- 2 6

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, C. 93.

.'a

Cassia buds, per cwt.

Fistula, per cwt.

Caviare," per cwt -

Cement, per cwt.

Chairs, Hot mahogany, per dozen

Mahogany, per dozen' -

Chains, per cwt -

Chalk, per ton -

Charcoal, per pack -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chemicals, per barrel bulk -

Chesnuts, per bushel

Chimney pots, earthenware, each -

China, per hogshead -

Ditto, per tierce -

Chirt stones, per ton -Chocolate, per cwt.

Cidefc* or perry, in bottles, per dozen - Ditto, per hogshead -Cinnabar, per cwt -

Cinnamon, per cwt -

Clay, pipe and potter's, per ton -China, per ton -

Clocks, per dozen -

Wood, per dozen -

Clog soles, per gross -

Cloth, packs not exceeding cwt.

Cloths, linen, woollen, bale, pack, or truss, per cwt Cloths, linen, woollen, or cotton, in boxes, per foot Cloves, per cwt -

Coals (besides bushelage), per ton -

Coke, per ton -

Cobalt, per ton -

- Ore, per ton -

Cocoa, per cwt -

Cocoa nuts, per 100 -

Coculus indicus, per cwt. -Coffee, per cwt.

Colouring for porter, per barrel of 36 gallons Columbo root, per 100 -

Copper, per cwt.

Ore, per ton -

Furnaces, per twenty gallons -

Copperas, barrel or bag, per cwt.

Coral, per cwt.

Cordage, per cwt -

Cordials, per case of 1 dozen -

Ditto, per hogshead -

Cork, per cwt. -Corks, per ten gross -Corn, viz .:

Wheat, per quarter -

Barley, per quarter -

Oats, per quarter -

Bere and bigg, per quarter -

Barley meal, per bag -

3 K 2

s. d.

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 2 6

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

0 6

_ 2 0

m 0 1

0 1

- 1 6

1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

0 1

0 6

_ 0 9

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 2 0

- 1 0

0 6

. 0 4

0 1

- I 0

. 0 2

0 4

1 0

t. 0 4

- 0 3

0 2

0 4

0 3

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 4

0 2

2 0

2 0

0 2

0 1

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 2

0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 2

435

Ardglo*,

436

Ardglass.

m

2 7°& 2$° VICTORIA, c. 93.

Corn — continued.

Indian corn, per quarter -

Ditto meal, per bag - _ -

Oatmeal, per bag

Beans and peas, per quarter -

Rye, per quarter -Cotton, raw, per cwt -

Ditto, manufactured, per cwt.

Cradles, each -

Cranberries, per 5 gallons -

Cream of tartar, per cwt. -

Crease, earthenware, per dozen -

Crystal, per box or package -"Ditto, per barrel bulk -

Cubebs, per cwt.

Culm, per ton -

Currants, per butt -

Dates, per cwt -

Dissolved bones and other artificial manures, per ton Dogs, and other animals not enumerated, each Down, eider, per cwt.

Drugs, in casks, hampers, or boxes, at per foot Ditto, per barrel bulk -

Dyer's stuff, per cwt Dyes, per cwt.

Dye wood, per ton -

Earth, black, per ton -

Brown, per ton -

Earth, Fullers, per ton -

Red, per ton -

Yellow, per ton -

Earthenware, coarse, in bulk, per potter's dozen In crates, at per foot -Eggs, per gross of 12 dozen -

Emery, per cwt.

Stones, per cwt.

Empty bags and sacks (not returned), per cwt.

Epsom salts, per cwt .....

Essence of lemons and limes, per 100 pounds ...

Essential oils, per cwt.

Euphorbium, per cwt.

Feathers, per cwt.

Felt, per cwt -

Figs, per cwt. -

Filtering stones, each -

Fish, fresh, per cwt.

Pilchards, cured, per hogshead -

Herrings, cured, per barrel -

Other cured fish (not before specified), per cwt.

Flag stones, rough, per 100 feet -

Ditto, worked, per 100 feet -

Flax (rough), per ton -

Ditto, per dozen hanks -Flock, per bag -

Floor cloth, per bag -

Flour, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

«. d.

- 0 1

0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

0 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

0 4

- 0 oi

0 6

- 0 2

- 0 6

0 3

. 1 6

. 0 3

_ 0 8

_ 0 6

1 6

_ 0 1

0 3

0 4

1 0

1 4

1 0

1 0

1 0

1 0

1 0

0 3

- 0 Oi

0 1

_ 0 2

0 1

0 2

0 2

_ 2 0

0 9

0 4

0 6

_ 0 1

0 2

0 1

0 1

_ 0 3

0 4

0 1

1 2

_ 2 0

_ 1 8

0 1

_ 0 3

0 4

0 2

- 0 1 *

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 98.

Flower roots, plants, or trees, in packages, at per foot

Free stones, per ton

Fruit, green, per cwt.

Ditto, dry, per cwt.

Fuel, patent, per ton -

Furniture, household, cases, at per cubic foot Galbanum, per cwt -

Grallangal, per cwt.

Grails, per cwt. -Gates, iron or wood, each -

Gentian root, per cwt.

Ginger, per cwt.

Gingerbread, per box -

Ginseng, per cwt.

Glass, per crib, slide, or case -Glauber salts, per cwt -

Gloves, per dozen pair

Glue, per cwt.

Granite, per ton -

Grapes, per barrel or per jar Ditto, per half barrel or box Grates or stoves, per foot -Gravel or sand, per ton -

Grease or greaves, per cwt -Groats, per cwt -

Guano, per ton -

Gums, per cwt.

Gunpowder, per 100 pounds -Gypsum, per ton -

Haberdashery and hosiery, in bales, per cwt

Ditto, in boxes, per foot ... Hair, per cwt. -Hams, per cwt

Hanks, for sails, per dozen -

Hardware, per cwt. -Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Any less quantity -

Harrows, each -

Hats, per box, per foot -

Hay rakes, per dozen -

Hay, per ton -Hemp, per ton -

Herrings, fresh, per cran -

Ditto, cured, per barrel -

Hide roundings, or glue pieces, per cwts Hides, wet or dry, for every 100 in number Ditto, fleshings, per cwt -Honey, per gallon -

Hoofs, per cwt -Hoops, for mast, or white hoops, per dozen Ditto, per load -

Hops, per bag -

Ditto, per pocket -

Ditto, per end -

Horns, per 100 -

8. d.

- - 0 1

. - 1 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

. - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

. - 0 3

- - 0 4

- 0 4

- . 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- . 0 2

- - 0 1

- 0 2

. 0 2

0 1

- 0 2

1 0

_ . 0 4

_ . 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- 0 1

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 0 0 *

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

. 0 1

- 0 2

- t 6

- - 1 8

- - 0 1

- - 0 3

- - 0 H

- - 3 6

- - 0 2 *

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

437

Ardglas*.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

438

Ardglatts.

Household furniture, new, per barrel bulk -

Ditto, belonging to parties changing their residence only, per 10 barrels bulk -Hurdles, per dozen

Husbandry utensils, per ton -

Ditto, per barrel bulk -

Ice, per ton -

Indigo, per cwt.

Iron, pig, per ton -

Cast, per ton -

Bar, bolt, and wrought, per ton -

Hoops, per cwt. -

Horse shoes, per cwt.

Ploughshares, per cwt.

Stamp heads, per ton -

Furnaces, at per 20 gallons -

(Cast) hollow ware, per cwt. -

Ore, per ton -

Wire and nail rods, per cwt, -Irons, baker's and pudding pans, per cwt. -Patten, per gross -

Isinglass, per cwt.

Ivory, per cwt -

Black, per cwt. -

Jack screws, per pair -

or fishing lines, per dozen -

Junk or old rope, per cwt.

Lac, gum, stick, seed, and shell, per cwt -

Ladles, per gross -

Lamp black, per cwt. -

Lanthorns, horn or glass, per dozen -

Lard, per cwt.

Lead ore, per ton -

Pigs of, per ton -

Sheet, per cwt.

Leather, tanned, per cwt -

i Wrought, per cwt -

Lemons, per chest - Ditto, per box -

Lemon, lime, and orange juice, per hogshead -

Lim#, burnt, per ton -

Limestone, per ton -

Linen or woollen rags, per cwt -

Cloth, per cwt. -Lint cloth, not in bales, per piece -Liquor, in bottles, per case or box -

Loam or moulding sand, per ton -

Logwood, logwood chips, per cwt -

Maccaroni, per cwt -

Mace, per cwt.

Machinery, steam and other iron engines, and part of the same, per cwt Foundation plates, bobs, and pumps for engines, per cwt Wood and iron mixed, per foot -Madder and madder roots, per cwt. -Malt, per quarter -

Manganese, per ton -

* . d. 0 1

0 6 0 2 1 4

0 2 0 6 1 6 0 6 0 8 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 3

0 4 0 1 0 1 0 6 0 8

1 0 0 1 0 6 0 1 0 1 0 4 0 6 0 4 0 1 0 2

0 4

1 0

0 1 0 2 0 3

0 4 0 2

1 0 0 6 0 2 0 1 0 4 0 3 0 6 0 3 0 ?

0 4

1 0

0 1 0 X 0 1 0 4

0 2 0 4

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Manure, *not enumerated, per ton -

Marble, rough, per ton -

Ditto, worked, per cwt.

Masts or spars, each -

Mats and matting, per dozen -

Maunds or hampers, empty imported, per dozen -

Meal, per bag of 280 lbs.

Meat, per cwt.

Melting pots, per dozen -

Milk, per gallon -

Millboards, per 120 boards -

Millinery, per foot -

Mineral and aerated waters, in bottles, per dozen -

Mops and brushes, per dozen -

Mother-of-pearl shell, per cwt.

Mundic, per ton -

Munjeet, per cwt -

Muriate of lime* potash, and soda, each, per cwt. -Musical instruments, per foot -

Muskets, per dozen -

Mustard; per firkin of 72 lbs.

Ditto, per firkin of 36 lbs.

Nails, per cwt -

Natron, per ton -

Nests of trunks, per foot -

Nutmegs, per cwt -

Nuts, per Winchester bushel -

Nux vomica, per cwt -

Oakum, per cwt -

Oars, per dozen -

Ochree, per cwt.

Oil, large caus for lighthouses, containing 30 gallons, and so in proportion -Castor, per cwt.

Sperm, per hogshead -

Pilchard, per ton -

Sweet and Lamp, and all oils not enumerated, per hogshead In flasks, per chest -

Ditto, per half chest -

Oil cake, per ton -

Olives, per barrel -

Ditto, per jar -

Onions, per cwt -

Oranges, per box -

Ditto, per chest -

Orange and lemon peel, and buds, per cwt. -Orchilla weed, per cwt.

Ores:

Copper, lead, and other ores, per ton Ox bows, per dozen -

Oysters, per ton -

Paintings, pictures, and pier glasses, per foot

Paints and painter's colours, per cwt -

Pans, warming, per dozen -

Brass, per cwt. -

s. d.

0 2

1 0

1 0

0 6

0 1

0 1

0 2

0 2

0 1

0 0i

0 6

0 1

0 1

0 3

0 4

0 2

0 4

0 1

0 1

0 6

0 3

0 2

0 1

1 8

0 1

1 0

0 1

0 4

0 1

0 3

0 1

1 0

0 4

1 0

1 0

0 10

0 4

0 2

1 0

0 2

0 1

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 8

0 2

1 8

0 3

0 2

0 3

0 ' 6

439

Ardglass.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

440

ArdgUus.

Paper, stationer's, per cwt.

Common, per cwt.

Pattens, wood, per gross -

Peats, per ton -Pepper, per cwt. -Petroleum, per ton -

Pewter, per cwt. -Phials, in packages, per foot Pick hilts, per gross -

Pickles, per 12 bottles -Pimento, per bag of 100 lb.

Pins, per cwt. -

Pipes, for smoking, per hogshead - Ditto, per barrel -

Earthenware, for draining, per ton -Plaister of Paris, per cwt.

Ploughs, each -

Plums, per cwt.

Potash, per cwt -

Potatoes, per ton -

Poultry, including pigeons, game, &c. per dozen Any less quantity -Powder hair, or cosmetic, per cwt.

Preserves, per cwt.

Prunes, per cwt.

Pumice stone, per ton -

Puncheons, empty, and pipes not returned, each Quern stones, each

Quicksilver, per case or package -

Quills, stationer's, per 1,000 -

Miners, per cwt. -Rags, linen, per ton -

Other rags, old ropes, and the like, per ton Raisins and figs, per cwt.

Rape seed, per quarter -Rice, per tierce of cwt. -Rope coil, per cwt.

Rope yarn, per cwt. -Rum, per puncheon -Sago, per cwt.

Sails, per cwt.

Sal gem rock salt, per ton -Salt, per ton -

Fine, per ton -

Coarse, for manure or curing fish, per ton Saltpetre, per cwt.

Sand or gravel, per ton -Scoops, boat, per dozen -

Fish, per dozen -Malt, per dozen -Scuttles, coal, copper, or tin plate, per dozen Scythe stones, per 100 Scythes, per dozen -

Seed, garden or agricultural grass seeds, per cwt.

Segars, per cwt -

Shakes, not returned, per hogshead, and so in proportion

fj.

- 0 4

- 0 H

- 0 6

- 0 3

0 3

5 0

0 2

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 6

1 0

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 1

0 o *

- 1 0

0 4

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 9

- 1 4

- 0 10

- 0 2

0 4

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 0 2

. 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 10

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

0 2

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Shot, bird, per cwt. -

Shovel handles, per dozen -

Shumac, per cwt.

Sieves, per dozen -

Silk, raw, per cwt.

Thrown, per cwt.

Waste, per cwt -

Manufactured, the package, per foot -Shins: Badger, bear, beaver, deer, elk, ermine, fisher, fox, leopard, lion, martin, otter, panther, seal, tiger, per score Horse, per score

Calf, per score -

Sheep and kid, per dozen -

Cat, chincilli, mink, racoon, seal (hair), per score -

Goat, fitch, musk-quash, neutria, swan, per score -Coney, hare, mole, per score -

Slabs, marble, per ton -

Slates, writing, per gross -

Bags, per dozen -

Scantle, per 1,000 -

Common helling, per 1,000 -

Slate, earth, or tombstones, per foot -

Snuff, per cwt.

Soap, per cwt -

Soda, sal, per ton ...

Soda water, per dozen - - -

Solder and spelter, per cwt.

Spades, garden, per dozen -

Spermaceti, per cwt.

Spirits, Foreign and British, per hogshead of 56 gallons Spokes, for wheels, per dozen -

Naves for wheels, per dozen .....

Sponge, per cwt.

Ditto, per package under quarter of a cwt.

Stamp lifters, per dozen -

Starch, per cwt -

Steel, per cwt.

Stone, Caen, for millstones, per 100

Stones, grinding, per cwt.

Ditto, not enumerated, per ton -

Straw, per ton -

Straw bonnets in bales, cases or casks, or otherwise, per foot Plait, in bales, cases or casks, or otherwise, per foot Succades and sweetmeats, per cwt.

Sugar, soft, per cwt -

Refined, in barrels or bags, per cwt -

Candy, per box Refined, per hogshead -Sulphur, per cwt.

Talc, per cwt.

Tallow, per cwt.

Tanners poles, per cwt.

Tapioca, per cwt. -

Tar, pitch, or rosin, per barrel -

Tarras, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

27 & 28 VICT. 3 L

s. d.

0 3

0 1

0 2

0 3

1 0

2 0

0 6

0 2

1 0

0 3

0 3

0 3

0 6

0 3

0 1

1 0

0 3

0 0!

0 3

0 2

0 oi

0 4

0 2

1 0

0 2

0 li

0 4

0 8

0 2

0 2

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 6

3 0

0 1

1 0

0 6

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 2

1 4

0 3

0 4

0 2

0 6

0 3

0 2

0 1

1 6

441

ArdglasM.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

442

Ardglass«

Terra japonica, per ton -Tessera, per barrel -

Threshing machines, each -Thrumbs, per cwt.

Tiles, pan, per score -Paying, per score -Malt kilns, per score -Timber not enumerated, per load of 55 feet Timber:

Staves, pipe, per 120

Hogshead per 120 -

Split or sawn staves, per 1,000 Mast pieces, under 12 inches each Ufers, under 24 feet, per 100 above 24 feet, per 100 Wainscot boards, per 100 -

Tin, in blocks, ingots, or barrels, per ton Ore, per ton -

Plate, per box -

Tobacco, per cwt.

Tongues, per dozen -

Tortoiseshell, per cwt.

Tow, per ton -Toys, in boxes, per foot -

Trawl beams, each -

Treacle or molasses, per puncheon

Ditto, per half puncheon - Ditto, per small cask Trees for saddles, per dozen -Treenails or trunnels under 2 feet in length, per 1,000 Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 1,000 Trenchers, per gross -

Trucks, each -Trundle sticks, per 1,000 -

Turnips or mangold, per ton -Turpentine, per cwt -

Twine or netting, per cwt.

Types, per cwt. -Yalonia, per ton -Varnish, per barrel -

Venice turpentine, per cwt Vegetables, shipped, per cwt Verdigris, per cwt.

Vermicelli, per cwt -

Vinegar, per pipe -

Ditto, per hogshead -

Ditto, per firkin -

Vitriol, per carboy ...

Waste: ..

Brazier's, button maker's, furrier's, soaper's, tanner bakers, per cwt.

Wax, per cwt*.

Whalebone, fins, per cwt -

Ditto, per 12 lbs. -Wheelbarrows, each -

Whetstones, per gross- -

s. d.

2 0

- 0 2

-: 5 0

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

0 6

- 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 1 8

- 0 1

- 0 4

. 0 10

- 0 5

_ 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 2

. 0 3

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 6

w 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 6

ir 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Whipsticks, per bundle .....

Whiskey, per puncheon -Whiting, per cwt -Wick yarn, pack, per cwt. -Wine, foreign, per pipe, all sorts -Wine, British, per pipe, all sorts Or strong waters, per hogshead Ditto, per barrel

British, per hogshead - Ditto, per firkin -And liquors, in bottles, per dozen Winnowing machines, each -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, feet -Oak or wainscoat, per load of 50 feet Firewood, per fathom -

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspokes, per 120 Spars under 22 feet in length, above 2J and under inches

diameter, per 120 - - -26

Spars, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 - 1 4

Spars, 22 feet in length and upwards and not exceeding inches in diameter per 120 - 6 6

Spars of all lengths above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 -

Wedges, per 1,000

Lignum vitas, fustic, logwood, mahogany, rosewood, and furniture wood, per ton -

Woollen manufactures, at per cwt.

Wool, packs of British, per cwt Spanish, and all other, per cwt.

Yarn, worsted, per cwt -Yams, per package ...

Zafires, per cwt -Zedoary, per cwt.

Zinc, per ton -

s. d.

- - 0 i

- - 2 0

- - 0 1

- - 0 3

- - 2 6

- 1 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - - 0 9

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 2 6

load of 50

- - 0 10

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 2 6

- . 0 10

443

Ardglass.

- - 12 0

- - 1 0

ad furniture

. - 1 4

- - 0 8

_ _ 0 3

- - 0 6

- . 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 1 4

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per barrel bulk -

Heayj goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods, the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than 2$ cwt. then 2£ cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

0

1

2

4

Luggage.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, per package - 0

3 L 2

444

Ardylass.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

II. — Rates fob the Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, Sheds, and Works.

Iff. Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton Exceeding one ton, and not exceeding two tons Exceeding two tons, and not exceeding three tons Exceeding three tons, and not exceeding four tons Exceeding four tons, and not exceeding five tons Exceeding five tons, and not exceeding six tons Exceeding six tons, and not exceeding seven tons Exceeding seven tons, and not exceeding eight tons Exceeding eight tons, and not exceeding nine tons Exceeding nine tons, and not exceeding ten tons Exceeding ten tons -

5. d.

03

04

- -O 6

- 0 8

- 0 10

- 1 0

1 2

1 4

1 8

2 0

- 3 0

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, Id. for each ton, or part of a ton.

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt*. which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the Harbour for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of ljd. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

Luggage.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers' luggage, for each day or part of a day - per package 0 2

III. — Rates on Vessels entering or using the existing Harbour or the new Works.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons - - per ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons - per ton 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons per ton 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons per ton 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards - per ton 1 0

All lighters for any vessel in the roads shall be exempt from rates; but if the vessel do not use the harbour or pier, every lighter shall pay for each trip - per ton 0 2

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods or dried, or

salted fish ---- each 0 6

All drave or large boats using the pier with fresh fish - - each 0 4

For every vessel which shall remain in the harbour more than one month continuously, there shall be paid for every month or part of a month during which the same shall remain in the harbour after the first month the further sum per register ton of - Q

Exemptions.

(1.) Yachts, pleasure boats, and boats entirely open:

(2.) Vessels using the harbour solely as a Harbour of Refuge, and remaining therein not more than 60 hours continuously.

FILEY.

445

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

FILEY.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Construction, Maintenance, awe? Regulation of a Harbour at Filey in the County of York,

Whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Preamble Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Filey Fishery Harbour in the county of York made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, setting forth the necessity of a harbour at Filey in the county of York, and praying their Lordships to approve the project thus submitted, and to grant a Provisional Order for its execution, containing all proper powers and privileges for the complete execution of the works, and for the levying of rates, and for the incorporation of a Company for the undertaking:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is one hundred thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act,

1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Filey Fishery Harbour Company,

1. The following persons, namely, Sir John Mark Frederic Smith, Knight, a General Incorporation in Her Majesty's Army, John Unett, Esquire, Henry Bentley, Esquire, and William of Company. Smithson Cortis, Esquire, and all other persons and corporations who have subscribed

or shall subscribe to the undertaking authorized by this Order, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, shall be and are hereby constituted into a Company for the purpose of making, maintaining, and regulating the harbour and works authorized by this Order, and for those purposes shall be and are hereby incorporated by the name of The Filey Fishery Harbour Company, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The Filey Fishery Harbour Company, herein-after called the Company, shall be the Undertake, undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

3. The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and Part I. of The Companies Incorporation

Clauses Act, 1863, shall be incorporated with this Order. Acts.aUSeS

4. The capital of the Company shall be one hundred thousand pounds inten thousand Capital, shares of.ten pounds each.

5. No call shall exceed two pounds ten shillings a share, or be made payable within three Calls, months of a previous call.

6. The Company, with the sanction of at least three fifths in value of the votes of the Powert0 create shareholders present in person or by proxy at a general meeting specially convened for ghar^00* that purpose, may attach to all or any of the then unissued shares not exceeding one

third part of the capital dividend at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum in priority to the dividend on the other shares of the capital.

7. The Company, from time to time, may borrow on mortgage at interest any sum or Borrowing on sums of money not exceeding in the whole fifty thousand pounds, but no money shall be m0Tte*& '

so

Receiver.

No interest or dividend on calls.

Money not to be used for deposit, &c.

Money to be applied to purpose of Order. First general meeting.

Number of directors. Quorum of directors.

First directors.

Qualification.

Remuneration.

Power to take lands by agreement

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Description of works authorized.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

so borrowed until the whole of the capital of one hundred thousand pounds is subscribed for or taken, and one half thereof is paid up, and the Company satisfy the Justice who certifies under section forty of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, before he so certifies, that all the capital has been subscribed for or taken bonk fide, and is held by registered holders thereof legally liable for so much thereof as is not paid up (of which satisfaction the certificate shall be conclusive evidence).

8. The mortgagees of the Company may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is ten thousand pounds.

9. The Company shall not, out of any money raised by calls or borrowing, pay interest or dividend to any shareholder on the amount called up in respect of shares held by him; but this provision shall not prevent the Company paying to any shareholder such interest on any money advanced by him beyond the amount of calls actually made as may be in conformity with the provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Company shall not, out of any money so raised, pay or deposit any money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any application to Parliament or the Board of Trade.

11. Every part of the money so raised shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

12. The first general meeting of the Company shall be held within twelve months after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Order, at such time and place as the directors determine.

13. The number of directors shall not be more than nine or less than five.

14. The quorum of a meeting of directors shall be three.

15. General Sir John Mark Frederic Smith, Knight, John Unett, Henry Bentley, and William Smithson Cortis, with such other shareholders (if any) as they add to their number, shall be the first directors; and the first directors shall continue in office till the first general meeting of the Company, when they shall retire from office, and directors shall be elected by the meeting, the retiring directors being re-eligible.

16. The qualification of a director elected by the shareholders, or nominated as aforesaid, shall be the holding in his own right of shares in the capital of the Company to the aggregate nominal amount of at least two hundred and fifty pounds.

17. The remuneration of the directors shall from time to time be fixed by a general meeting, and shall be divided among the directors as they determine.

Lands.

18. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all such parts of the lands shown on the deposited plans as they think requisite for the purposes of the proposed harbour and works, and the conveniences connected therewith.

19. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase or taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

Works.

20. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels shown on the deposited plans and sections (so far as the same are shown thereon), and within the limits of deviation shown on those plans, make and maintain the harbour and works authorized by this Order.

21. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

(1.) A quay or pier commencing about seventy yards southward of a point on the western shore of Filey Bay, called The North Cobble Landing, and extending seawards one thousand one hundred and thirty yards or thereabouts in an easterly direction;

(2.) A break-

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 447

(2.) A breakwater commencing at or near to the eastern extremity of Carr Nase Filey, Point on the northern side of Filey Bay, and extending along Filey Brigg in an easterly direction for a distance of three hundred yards or thereabouts, and thence in a south-easterly direction along the Spitlals for a distance of two hundred and ninety yards or thereabouts; with all piers, jetties, landing-places, breakwaters, roads, approaches, embankments, and other works and conveniences connected with such quay or pier or breakwater for the reception and accommodation of vessels and their cargoes, and for the embarking and landing of persons, fish, animals, and goods.

22. The limits of the harbour shall include the lands, foreshore, and bed of the sea Limits of the contained within the following lines: harbour.

First An imaginary line commencing on the line of high-water mark of ordinary spring tides on the shore of the township of Filey, at a point thereon distant four hundred yards southward of the South Cobble Landing, and drawn thence eastwardly at that distance from the proposed pier until it meets the line next herein-after described:

Second. An imaginary line commencing on the line of high-water mark of ordinary spring tides on the shore of the township of Filey at a point thereon northwestward of and at a distance of seven hundred feet or thereabouts from Carr Naze Point, at the commencement of the proposed breakwater, and drawn thence south-eastwardly through a point on the shore of Filey Brigg at a distance of one thousand feet or thereabouts from and about east and by north from Carr Naze Point, and thence at a distance of one hundred yards from the south-eastern extremity of the proposed breakwater until the line now describing meets the line first described:

Third. The line of high-water mark of ordinary spring tides between the western commencement of the first described line and the north-western commencement of the secondly described line.

Rates.

23. The Company may demand and take in respect of the vessels, persons, fish, animals, and goods in the schedule hereto specified any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

24. The Company by a byelaw may fix reasonable periods, not less than fourteen days each, after which vessels shall not be permitted to remain in the harbour without payment of such extra tonnage rates as the Company think reasonable, not exceeding the original rate for all or any part of every period in excess of the first period.

25. The Company may grant to passengers and others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms, and for such periods not exceeding one year, as are agreed upon.

26. A pass ticket granted by the Company shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person other than the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in an}r way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, recoverable and applicable as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Fiers Clauses Act, 1847, for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act.

27. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress into, through, and out of the harbour and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

28. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) To the maintenance of the works authorized by this Order.

(2.) In payment to an extent not exceeding one fifteenth part of the rates of any rent or rentcharge payable in respect of any lands acquired by the Company under this Order. 4

(3.) In

Power to take rates in schedule.

Extra rates for vessels slaying in harbour.

Pass tickets for use of pier.

Pass tickets not transferable.

Exemption of Custom House officers from rates.

Application of rates.

Steam engines, lighters, &c.

Life boats, tide gauges, &c.

Meters and weighers.

Limits of harbour master's authority.

Pilotage.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

(3.) In payment of the interest accruing on money borrowed under the authority of this Order.

(4.) For the other purposes of the Company, including repayment of the principal of the money so borrowed when due and payable.

General Provisions.

29. The Company may provide and use such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, barges, boats, cranes, buoys, mooring posts, mooring craft, weighing machines, tackle, and other machinery, vessels, apparatus, and conveniences as they think proper for carrying on the business of the Company, or for any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and take such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

30. Notwithstanding anything in The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, it shall not be necessary for the Company to provide any life boat, mortar, rockets, tide gauge, weather gauge, or barometer, except on a requisition in that behalf by the Board of Trade.

31. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the limits of the harbour, and the works and lands of the Company adjoining or near to the harbour.

32. The limits within which the lawful authority of the harbour master for the regulation of the harbour may be exercised shall be the harbour, and the works and lands of the Company adjoining and near to the harbour.

33. The Company shall be a pilotage authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers conferred by that Act on pilotage authorities.

34. This Order may be cited as The Filey Fishery Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 26th day of March 1864. (Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

The Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels and Boats using the Harbour or Piers or Works of the Company.

1. Fishing boats or smacks, wholly or partially decked, for each

time of using the harbour -

C Ditto - Ditto, for not exceeding three months -

If com- Ditto - Ditto, for exceeding three months and not

pounded exceeding six months -

for. i Ditto - Ditto, for exceeding six months and not exceeding one year -

Open boats, for each time of using the harbour

CDitto - Ditto, for not exceeding three months -

If com- Ditto - Ditto, for exceeding three months and not

pounded -< exceeding six months -

for. Ditto - Ditto, for exceeding six months and not

[_ exceeding one year -

2. Other vessels taking in or discharging any cargo:

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton -

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each

£ s. d.

0 2 6

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

0 1 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 10

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 0 6

, 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

3. Other vessels entering the harbour, but not discharging or £ s. d, taking injiny cargo, viz.

Vessels with cargo - per ton 0 0 6

Ditto light or in ballast - per ton 0 0 4

II. — Rates on Fisii and Goods shipped or unshipped or transhipped within the Limits of the Harbour.

Herrings, per last -

Turbot, per score Turtle, each -

Other fish, per cwt.

Ditto, per basket -

Ale and porter, per hogshead

Ditto, per barrel -

Anchors, per cwt.

Ditto stock, per foot -

Beef or pork, per ton -

Ditto, ditto, per barrel -

Bones, per ton -

Bone dust, ditto -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Casks (empty), per puncheon Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each Calves, ditto -

Horses, ditto -

Sheep and pigs, ditto Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Carriages (four wheeled), each

Ditto, gigs, carts, and other two wheeled, ditto Coals, per ton -

Copper, ditto -

Cordage, per cwt.

Corn and seeds, per quarter -

Cork, per cwt.

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs in casks, hampers, or boxes, per foot Earthenware ditto ditto ditto

Eggs, per box -

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto ditto, per barrel Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household), per five cubic feet Glass, per large crate - Ditto, per small ditto or case Ditto, per box -

Groceries (not enumerated), per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen Hay, per ton - Ditto, per truss -

27 & 28 Vict. 3 M

- - 0 2 6

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 2 6

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 2

- 0 0 6

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 9

- 0 0 2

- - 0 1 4

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 8

- - 0 0 3

- 0 3 0

- - - 0 1 0

- - 0 4 0

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 1 0

. - 0 0 4

- - 0 7 6

- - 0 5 0

- 0 1 0

- - 0 3 0

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

. - 0 0 6

. - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 2 0

. - 0 0 4

_ - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 4

. - 0 1 6

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

_ - 0 1 6

- - 0 0 6

_ . 0 0 4

- - 0 2 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 1 6

0 0 2

449

Filey.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93

450

Filey.

Hemp, per ton

Hides .....

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, ditto -

Manufactured, ditto -

Pots, each

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, ditto -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per twenty-eight bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, ditto -

Manure not enumerated, ditto -

Masts and spars, ten inches in diameter and upwards, each Ditto, under ten inches, ditto Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -Musical instruments, per cube foot Net, per five cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt -

Oils, per ton -

Oil cake, ditto -

Oranges and lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel - - -

Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt.

Poultry and game, per dozen -Bags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, ditto -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins, calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of twenty-four cubic feet Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead Ditto, per gallon

Stones, per ton of sixteen cubic feet Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt -Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt.

Vinegar, per-hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead - '

Ditto (bottled), per dozen -

£ s. d.

- 0 2 0

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 2

- 0 1 6

- 0 1 0

- 0 2 6

. 0 0 1

- 0 2 0

- 0 2 6

- 0 0 3

- 0 1 4

- 0 1 0

- 0 2 6

. 0 1 0

- 0 4 6

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 o *

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 4

. 0 0 2

_ 0 2 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 0 6

_ 0 1 0

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

0 0 2

- 0 0 4

. 0 2 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 0

. 0 0 2

- 0 0 6

- 0 2 0

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 6

- 0 3 0

- 0 0 3

- 0 0 3

- 0 1 0

. 0 1 6

. 0 3 0

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 3

- 0 1 0

- 0 0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Wood;

50 feet

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet Firewood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Laths and lathwood, ditto -Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, ditto -

Spars under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inc diameter, ditto -

Ditto 2£ inches in diameter and under, ditto Ditto 22 feet in length and upwards and not exc inches in diameter, ditto - Ditto above and under 6 inches in diameter, ditto Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, ditto Ditto exceeding 2 feet in length, ditto

Trenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, ditto -

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood,

Wool, per cwt. -

Yarn, ditto -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated.

Light goods, per cube foot -

Heavy goods, per ton

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates to be charged

£ s. d.

of

- 0 1 6

- 0 2 0

- 0 1 6

- 0 2 6

- 0 3 0

- 0 5 0

in

- 0 5 0

- 0 .4 0

"g

- 0 9 0

- 0 14 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 3 0

- 0 2 6

- 0 2 6

- 0 2 6

ton 0 2 0

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 2

0 0 1

- 0 2 0

III. — Rates for use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1 st Bates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons

Exceeding 2 tons and Exceeding 3 tons and Exceeding tons and Exceeding 5 tons and Exceeding 6 tons and Exceeding 7 tons and Exceeding 8 tons and Exceeding 9 tons and Exceeding 10 tons

2nd. Weighing Machines. For goods weighed for

not exceeding 3 tons not exceeding tons not exceeding 5 tons not exceeding 6 tons not exceeding 7 tons not exceeding 8 tons not exceeding 9 tons not exceeding 10 tons

every ton or part of a ton

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 8

— wm - 0 0 10

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 1 2

- - 0 1 4

- - 0 1 6

- - 0 1 10

- - 0 2 4

- - 0 3 6

0 0 3

3rd. Shed Dues.

For every ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for every ton of goods of 20 cwt which remains in the warehouses or sheds or other works of the company for longer than forty-eight hours - - 0 0 3

And per ton for each day during which the goods remain after

first forty-eight hours - 0 0 1£

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers

luggage, for every day or part of a day - 0 0 2

3 M 2

451

Filey.

452

Filey.

[Preamble,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, v. !)3.

. £ s. cl.

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - -006

V. — Rates on Passengers and others using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person landing on or embarking on the pier from or to any vessel or passage boat, for every time - 0 0 4

For every person using the pier for pleasure or any purpose,

except for so landing or embarking, for every time - - 0 0 2

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for every time - 0 0 6

For every perambulator ditto - - -002

For every master of any vessel or boat being an inhabitant of the township of Filey, and using the pier for going to or returning from his own vessel or boat, the yearly sum of - 1 0 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage landed or embarked or transhipped within the Harbour.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage not exceeding 28 lbs. Exceeding 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

Exceeding 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. -Exceeding 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs.

Exceeding 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. -Exceeding 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. And for every cwt. exceeding 2 cwt. And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition -

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 0 7

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 1

GREENOCK.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade to enable the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock on the Frith of Clyde to widen and extend Albert Harbour there, and for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the said Port and Harbours.

Whereas the provost, four baUies, treasurer, and whole councillors of the btn^gh of Greenock on the Fritly of Clyde, acting under the Local Act of Parliament of the fifth year of the reign of Her present Majesty, session second, chapter fifty-four, and the several other Acts of Parliament as to the port and harbours of Greenock therein recited, that is to say, the following Local Acts of the reign of His Majesty King George the Third, namely, of the thirteenth year* chapter twenty-eight, of the twenty-ninth year, chapter forty-three, of the forty-first year, chapter fifty-one, of the forty-third year, chapter eighty-seven, of the fiftieth year, chapter one hundred and sixty^seven, and of the fifty-seventh year, chapter thirty-two, are the trustees of the said port and harbours of Greenock, in this Order called the trustees:

And whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 18G1, Amendment Act, the trustees made application by memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after styled the Board of Trade, praying for a Provisional Order under the said last-mentioned Acts for extension of a harbour called Albert Harbour within the limits of their port, and now in course of construction by them under powers contained in the Act first mentioned, by widening the said harbour, and that they might have power to acquire lands and property for that purpose, and that other provisions might be made in regard thereto:

And whereas the estimated expenditure for the proposed extension and works is forty thousand pounds and no more:

And

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 453

And whereas the trustees claim a right to lew certain dues on ships bound to or from Greenock.

Glasgow which load or discharge at the Tail of the Bank in the Clyde, and on the goods -

there laden into and discharged from such ships:

And whereas the said claim is disputed, and it is expedient that such dispute should be put an end to in the manner and at the time herein-after mentioned:

And whereas the trustees published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the General Pier and Harbour Acts before mentioned they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled the present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatsoever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861,

Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The trustees and their successors in office, trustees of the port and harbours of Greenock, The under shall be the undertakers under this Order. takers.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the undertakers may from Power to take

time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on lan<J *

the deposited plan as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, except so much thereof as Lands Clauses relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands ^!^t^cor" Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may, on the lands taken by Power to make them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits

of deviation shown on the deposited plan and sections, make and maintain the further or extended works at the said Albert Harbour shown on the deposited plan.

5. The works authorized by this Order are the following: Description of

An extension of the harbour called Albert Harbour, now in course of construction, works-

by widening the same to the extent of twenty-three yards or thereby additional, on the southern side thereof, along the whole length of the said Albert Harbour, being three hundred and thirty yards or thereby, embracing the extension of the East Quay of the said Albert Harbour for the said distance of twenty-three yards or thereby in a southerly direction, and of the West Quay of the said Albert Harbour for a like distance in a like direction, and the formation of the South Quay at a like distance southward from its site as heretofore designed; and the excavation of the said additional harbour ground to be acquired under this Order to the requisite depth, as the said extended Albert Harbour ground and works are shown on the deposited plan and sections.

6. The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with Application of this Order, excepting in so far as regards the provisions with respect to the construction the

of the harbour, dock, or pier, which, so far as the said Albert Harbour remains to be i3i^8Clmise8 completed, shall be applicable to the same, and excepting also in so far as regards the Act. sections fourteen, fifteen, twenty-five, and twenty-six, and the saving of rights sections of the said Act.

7. The trustees may demand and receive for the use of the said Albert Harbour and Trustees may works on all vessels, passengers, animals, goods, matters, and things resorting to, and levT rate-landing at, or loaded or unloaded at the said Albert Harbour, or using the same, or works therewith connected, the rates, dues, and duties by the recited local Acts authorized to be

levied for and at the said port and harbours of Greenock, as the same are or may be modified or altered by The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, to be levied to the same extent, and by the same process, and in the same way and manner in all respects as

the

454

Greenock.

Application of rates.

Application of Harbour Acte and of Police Act to this Order.

Trustees may apply funds m their hands in execution of works.

Power to borrow.

Steam vessels, lighters, &c.

Part Y. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply. Abolition of dues levied at the Tail of the Bank.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

the rates, dues, and duties leviable under the said local Acts as so modified or altered are and may be levied, demanded, and received.

8. The said rates, dues, and duties shall be applicable to payment of the costs incurred in regard to this Order, and to the purposes to which the rates, dues, and duties leviable under the said recited local Acts are applicable, the said Albert Harbour and works being always regarded as part of the works and undertaking of the port and harbours of Greenock.

9. The whole provisions of the said recited local Acts, and also of the local Police Act of the third year of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter twenty-seven, shall, so far as applicable and not altered by this Order, be applied to the said Albert Harbour and works as part of the works and undertaking of the said port and harbours of Greenock.

10. The trustees may apply in and towards execution of the said extension of Albert Harbour and works hereby authorized all funds in their hands derived from the rates and income of the trustees, or in their hands, or that may come to be in their hands, through any loan effected or that may be effected by them with the Public Works Loan Commissioners, or effected or to be effected with private parties.

11. For the purpose of the purchase of lands and property, and for the execution of the said extension of Albert Harbour and works, the trustees may borrow and take up at interest, on the credit of the whole rates, dues, and duties leviable by them, and of the other property vested in them, any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty thousand pounds, and on any part of the same being repaid re-borrow the same if necessary, and assignments for such sum or sums and transfers of the same may be granted and registered in all respects as by the Harbour Act first recited is provided in regard to the borrowing of money thereby authorized:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect any mortgage granted or that may be granted by the trustees to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, whether with regard to its constitution, preference, or any other particular whatsoever, without consent of the said Commissioners, nor shall anything herein contained affect, as to priority or otherwise, any mortgage granted by the trustees to any person before the commencement of the operation of this Order.

12. The trustees may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for the purposes of the port and harbours, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

13. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls Act, 1861, shall apply to the said port and harbours of Greenock *

14. All dues levied or leviable by the trustees on ships which, being bound to or from ports other than Greenock, load or discharge goods at the Tail of the Bank in the Clyde, or on goods there laden into or discharged from such ships, shall cease at the time following; that is to say.

If there is paid to the trustees a composition equal to the aggregate amount of the dues levied by them on such ships and goods as aforesaid during the four years ending the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, then immediately on such payment:

If no such composition is made, then from the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight:

Provided, that nothing in this section shall apply to any ships or goods that enter or use the basins, quays, or other harbour works of the trustees, or shall limit or otherwise affect the boundaries of the harbours of Greenock.

15. This Order may be cited as The Greenock Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall,

Dated this 29th day of March 1864.

(Signed) T. H. Farrer,

Marine Secretary.

CARLINGFORD

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

455

CARLINGFORD LOUGH.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement and Regulation of the Harbour

of Carlingford Lough in Ireland.

Whereas, under The General Pierkand Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and preamble. Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the promoters of the Harbour of Carlingford Lough Improvement made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations (herein-after called the Board of Trade), praying them (among other things) to grant a Provisional Order under the said Acts, and thereby to constitute Commissioners or other proper Harbour authority for the Harbour of Carlingford Lough in Ireland, and to empower such Commissioners to make and maintain certain works and excavations at the bar and in and about the entrance of the Lough for the purpose of deepening the bar, and for the improvement of the entrance by the erection of buoys, beacons, and lights, and to levy rates, and to extinguish rights and privileges in and over the Lough,

60 far as the same might be inconsistent with the Order, especially the rights of Thomas Lord Clermont in respect of anchorage, and to provide for recompensing the said Lord Clermont and others (if any) whose rights should be extinguished, and to raise money for the purposes of such works and compensations:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works and excavations is eighty thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act,

1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in that behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament Confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, which incorporation Commissioners and their successors shall be and are hereby, for the purposes of this Order, of Commis-incorporated by the name of The Harbour of Carlingford Lough Improvement Commis- Bloner8, sioners, and by that name shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The term "the Commissioners " herein-after used means the Harbour of Carlingford Meaning of

Lough Improvement Commissioners. " filL

& r r t r's . hi _ _ missioners.

3. The appointment of the Commissioners shall be regulated as follows: Appointment

(1.) The following four persons are hereby appointed Commissioners, namely, William of the several

Forster, Richard Allen Minnitt, Edward Tipping, and Richard Mayne, and Commis-whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office 8, oners* of any one of those four Commissioners, the Commissioners shall by a special order appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(2.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Newry Navigation Company, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of either of those two Commissioners, another person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3%) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Newry and Greenore Railway Company, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of either of those two Commissioners, another person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(4.) Two

Carlingford

Louyh.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16.

Undertakers.

Commencement of Commissioners powers.

Limits of Harbour.

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to execute woiks.

Description of works.

Hates in schedule.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

(4.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the Dundalk nn! Greenore Railway Company, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of either of those two Commissioners, another person shall be appointed by that Company to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties: (5.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, at any time after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any one of those two Commissioners, mav, if they think fit, appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties.

4. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, (except sections seventeen to thirty-five, and ninety-six to ninety-eight, all inclusive,) shall be incorporated with this Order, and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) Ko person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner (other than a person appointed to be a Commissioner by the Board of Trade) unless he is seised or possessed of property to the value of one thousand pounds:

(2.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the last-mentioned Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be five if and as long as there is any Commissioner appointed by the Board of Trade, and shall be three if the Bonrd of Trade do not exercise the power of appointing a Commissioner, or if and as long as the offices of all Commissioners appointed by the Board of Trade are vacant:

(3.) The Board of Trade shall appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners.

5. The Commissioners shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

6. The Commissioners shall be deemed fully constituted and incorporated, and shall commence to act under this Order, as soon as four persons have been appointed Commissioners in addition to the four appointed by this Order; and any proceeding of the Commissioners shall not be invalidated or be illegal by reason of the failure of any Company to appoint a Commissioner.

7. The limits within which the Commissioners shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits to which this Order extends) shall extend from and below the whole high-water line and mark of ordinary spring tides within Carlingford Lough, and to and within two imaginary right lines respectively drawn, one from Cranfield Point on the northern side of the entrance of the Lough to Hellyhunter Rock, and the other from that rock to Ballagnn Point on the southern side of the entrance to the Lough.

8. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use such lands within or around Carlingford Lough as may be required for the proposed works, not exceeding in the whole three acres.

9. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

10. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the site designated by this Order, and according to the deposited plans and sections, execute and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans and sections.

11. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

(1.) To blast, cut, dig, dredge, scour, cleanse, and remove the rocks, sand, clay, mud, and other substances in the bar or at the entrance or inouth of Carlingford Lough: (2.) To erect, fix, lay down, and maintain any beacons, buoys, lights, warping posts, moorings, or other works necessary for the accommodation and guidance of ships and vessels in, into, or from Carlingford Lough, or for the navigation thereof, and to alter or abolish the same from time to time as may be necessary.

12. Subject and according to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may demand and receive in respect of the ships, vessels, or other sailing or steaming craft described in the schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the sums specified in that schedule.

13. As

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

13. As soon as the Commissioners are fully constituted and incorporated they may begin, and they may thenceforth continue, to demand and receive the rates authorized by this Order, subject nevertheless to the following provisions:

(1.) If within two years from the passing of an Act confirming this Order the channel or cut to be made in the bar or at the entrance or mouth of Carlingford Lough is # not made of the depth of fourteen feet at least, then from the expiration of those

two years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any rates under this Order until the channel or cut is made of the depth of fourteen feet at least:

(2.) If within five years from the passing of an Act confirming this Order the channel or cut aforesaid is not made of the full depth proposed as shown on the deposited plans and sections, then from the expiration of those five years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any rates under this Order until the channel or cut is made of the full depth aforesaid:

(3.) The Board of Trade, nevertheless, if it appears to them expedient, may from time to time extend the said period of two years for any time or times not exceeding in the whole one year, and may from time to time extend the said period of five years for any time or times not exceeding in the whole two years:

(4.) The Chairman of Quarter Sessions for the county of Louth, on proof being adduced to him that the channel or cut aforesaid is made of the depth of fourteen feet or of the full depth proposed as aforesaid (as the case may be), shall sign and give to the Commissioners a certificate thereof, which certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein certified.

14. The Commissioners may purchase the rights of Thomas Lord Clermont in respect of the custom of anchorage in Carlingford Lough, and may purchase any other right, privilege, or custom in, over, or affecting Carlingford Lough, or the bed or waters thereof, so far as the same may interfere with the rights, powers, or duties of the Commissioners.

15. For the purpose of every such purchase The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall apply in relation to the said custom of anchorage, and any other right, privilege, or custom as aforesaid, and the same respectively shall be deemed to be an estate or interest in lands.

16. If the Commissioners purchase the said custom of anchorage, or any other such right, privilege, or custom as aforesaid conferring a title to levy any rates, tolls, or dues, they may, in addition to all other rates, tolls, or dues authorized by this Order, demand and receive all rates, tolls, and dues the title to levy which is conferred as aforesaid, or in lieu thereof such tonnage rates on vessels entering or leaving Carlingford Lough as the Board of Trade, or an arbitrator appointed by the Board of Trade, may determine to be a fair equivalent for such last-mentioned rates, tolls, and dues.

17. The Commissioners may from time to time borrow and re-borrow at interest such money as may be required for the purposes of this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of eighty thousand pounds, on the security of the works authorised by this Order, and of the lands and property connected therewith, and of the rates, tolls, and dues authorized by this Order, or of any of those particulars, or of any other the property of the Commissioners.

18. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest or of the arrears of principal and interest due to them on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be five hundred pounds.

19. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

20. The Commissioners shall apply all money received by them from the rates, tolls, and dues authorized by this Order, and all other income coming into their hands in respect of the works authorized by this Order, or from the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) Tn paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the works authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected or used therewith: ..

27 & 28 Vict. 3 N (2.) In

457

Carlingford

Lough.

Commencement of rates and cesser thereof in certain events.

Power for purchase of adchorage and other rights. Application of Lands Clauses Acts.

Transfer to Commissioners of right to levy rates.

Borrowing

power.

Receiver.

Money how to be applied.

Application of rates and income.

Carlingford

Lough.

Revision of rates.

Commissioners may provide engines, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Parts of Harbours Clauses Act excepted. Confirmation of byelaws and provision for management of harbour.

Saving rights of navigation company and of railway companies.

Costs of Order.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

(2.) In paying (to an extent not exceeding One fifteenth part of the rates, tolls, and dues) any rent or other annual charge that may become payable under this Order to the said Thomas Lord Clermont, his heirs or assigns, as compensation for the said custom of anchorage, or to any other person in respect of any such right, privilege, or custom as aforesaid:

(3.) In paying the interest accruing on money borrowed under the authority of this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof, or on account of the principal of any other money chargeable under this Order on the property of the Commissioners.

21. The Commissioners shall from time to time revise the rates, tolls, and dues receivable under this Order, so that the income of the Commissioners under this Order may always be, as far as is practicable, sufficient and not more than sufficient to meet the expenditure directed or authorized by this Order.

22. The Commissioners may, for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, or any of them, from time to time purchase, lease, provide, or hire such steam or other dredges, steam or other engines, steam tugs, steam or other vessels, diving-bells, ballast lighters, rubbish-lighters, tools, plant, or other materials as they think fit, and may from time to time, as they think fit, sell and dispose of any such dredges, engines, tugs, vessels, diving bells, lighters, tools, plant, and materials as aforesaid, and shall apply the money thereby realized for carrying into effect the purposes of this Order, or some of them.

23. The Commissioners shall be a pilotage authority and local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, and shall have all the powers conferred by those Acts on pilotage authorities and on local authorities.

24. The Commissioners shall not acquire for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

25. Sections sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-five, and twenty-six of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order,

26. Any byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not come into operation until allowed and confirmed by the Board of Trade, which allowance and confirmation shall be sufficient for all purposes; and it shall not lawful for the Harbour Master, by virtue of section 52 of that Act, or of any other authority, or for the Commissioners, to give or cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, or provided for in the byelaws, further or otherwise than as he or they may be expressly authorized by the byelaws to do so.

27. Nothing in this Order contained shall take away, alter, lessen, or prejudice any of the respective rights, privileges, powers, or authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Newry Navigation Company, the Newry and Greenore Railway Company, and the Dundalk and, Grcenore Railway Company, or any or either of them.

28. The Commissioners shall pay the costs of and connected with the obtaining, preparation, and making of this Order out of the first money which comes to their hands under this Order.

29. This Order may be cited as The Harbour of Carlingford Lough Improvement Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 1st day of April 1864. (Signed) James Booth,

1 Secretary.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

For every vessel entering Carlingford Lough without delivering or s. d.

loading cargo there, per registered ton - 0 3

For every vessel entering or leaving Carlingford Lough and delivering or loading cargo there:

If coming from or going to any port in the United Kingdom or the

Isle of Man, per registered ton - - 0 6

If coming from or going to any port other than a port in the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man, per registered ton - 0 9

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 459

Exemption*. C«rti»*rf

r Lough.

All sailing vessels under 75 tons, and all steam vessels under 100 tons, to be -

exempt altogether.

All vessels under 1,000 tons to be exempt if they enter or leave between half flood and the next half ebb tide.

WEXFORD.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement of the Entrance to Wexford

Harbour.

[Preamble.]

Whereas by The Wexford Harbour Commissioners Act, 1862, the Wexford Harbour Commissioners were incorporated for the purpose of carrying into execution that Act, and an Act (Local) passed in the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her Majesty (chapter forty-one), intituled " An Act for improving, maintaining, and regulating fi the harbour of Wexford in the county of Wexford

And whereas under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the said Commissioners made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations (hereinafter called the Board of Trade), praying their Lordships to grant a Provisional Order under the last-mentioned Acts for executing the works herein-after specified, with power to levy and recover rates according to the schedule in the memorial referred to:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is twenty thousand pounds and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

Undertakers.

1. The Wexford Harbour Commissioners, herein-after called the Commissioners, shall Theunder-

be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order. taken.

Borrowing.

2. In addition to the money which the Commissioners are authorized to borrow at Borrowing, the time of this Order coming into force, they may borrow, at interest, such sums of

money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty thousand pounds, on mortgage of all or any part of the rates and property leviable and acquired by the Commissioners under the Acts first and secondly herein-before mentioned, or either of them, or under this Order; and any money borrowed under this Order, and discharged otherwise than by means of the sinking fund, may be re-borrowed, if required for the purposes of this Order, and so toties quoties.

3. All securities affecting the rates and property leviable and acquired under the last- Priority of

mentioned Acts, or either of them, granted before the time of this Order coming into existing force, shall have priority over any mortgage thereof granted under this Order. mortgages.

4. The provisions of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages Commissioners to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be incorporated with this Order. Clauses Act

460

Wexford.

Sinking fund

Receiver.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Power to take lands by agreement

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

Power to take rates according to schedule.

Custom House officers exempt from rates.

Application of rates and monies received by the Commissioners.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

5. The amount to be every year appropriated as a sinking fund is one fiftieth part of the principal money borrowed, such appropriation to commence from the expiration af one year after the Commissioners are entitled to begin to demand and receive rates under this Order.

6. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgagee by the appointment of a receiver; the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is two thousand pounds.

7. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

Lands.

8. For the purposes of this Order the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement* enter upon, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works, and the Commissioners may also purchase, take on lease, or otherwise acquire, by agreement, any lands adjacent or near to the harbour of Wexford not exceeding in extent in the whole five acres, to be used by them for the purpose of depositing ballast thereon.

9. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act> 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

Works.

10. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

11. The works authorized by this Order comprises the following:

To embank or pile a portion of the north-western side of the sandbank called the Doggerbank, which forms the south-eastern side of the north-eastern sea channel leading to the entrance to the harbour of Wexford, and to raise the said Dogger-bank:

To stop up a channel or swashway leading across the said Doggerbank:

To alter, deepen, and improve the said north-eastern sea channel, and also the southern sea channel, called the Hantoon Channel, leading to the entrance to the said harbour.

Rates.

12. In addition to the rates which the Commissioners are authorized to demand and receive at the time of this Order coming into force, they may demand and receive in respect of the vessels mentioned in the schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the rates in that schedule specified.

13. Officers of Custom?, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the harbour and works with their vessels and otherwise without payment

14. The Commissioners shall apply all rates received under this Order after defraying the expense of collecting the same, and all other money coming to their bands from the works by this Order authorized, or the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

1. In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this

Order:

2. In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the works

authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected therewith:

3. In paying the interest on any money borrowed under this Order, and in creating the

sinking fund required by this Order:

4. In and towards the purposes of the said harbour, as regulated by the Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

General

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93. 461

General Provisions. Wexford.

15. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall HarbourT

not he incorporated with this Order, namely, sections fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, clauses Act. eighteen, and nineteen. Lands f r

16. The Commissioners shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extraor^rnary

extent in the whole five acres. purposes.

17. The Commissioners may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, Steam engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, ard other machinery and vessels as they think diving^belU, necessary for effecting any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such llg ters> c* sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

[Short title.]

18. This Order may be cited as The Wexford Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 1st day of April 1864.

(Signed) James Booth,

Secretary.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

Rates on Vessels entering within the Limits of ttie Harbour; or WoitKs.

For every vessel which shall enter within the limits of the harbour of Wexford or of the works authorized by this Order, the sum of 2d. per ton upon each and every ton which such vessel shall measure.

TORQUAY.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour of Torquay in the County of Devon.

[Preamble.]

Whereas by an Act of the forty-third year of King George the Third, intituled "An " Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving the pier and quay within the Port or Harbour 48 Geo. s. " of Torquay in the county of Devon," (herein after called the Act of 1803,) Sir Lawrence *lxxxviii-Palk, then of Ilaldon House in the county of Devon, Baronet, since deceased, his heirs and assigns, were authorized to repair or enlarge and rebuild the then pier or quay at Torquay, or to build new piers or quays within the part therein described of the Harbour of Torquay, which part is herein-after referred to as the Old Harbour, on his or their lands there, as he or they should think fit, and to demand and take for all ships, boats, and other vessels thenceforth coming into or otherwise using the Old Harbour, or lying at anchor within the same, and for all goods, wares, merchandise, and other things landed or shipped within or from the Old Harbour, and for the passengers in every such ship or other vessel, rates, duties, and tolls not exceeding the sums specified in the schedule thereunto annexed:

And whereas Sir Lawrence Palk, deceased, improved the Old Harbour accordingly:

And whereas the Old Harbour, and the lands heretofore of Sir Lawrence Palk, deceased, within the limits thereof, and the works made by him there, and the rates, duties, and tolls granted by the Act of 1803, and the powers and privileges thereby granted, now are part of the settled estates late of Sir Lawrence Palk, deceased, whereof the present Sir Lawrence Palk, of Haldon House in the county of Devon, Baronet, is now the tenant for life in possession without impeachment of waste, with divers remainders over in strict settlement:

And whereas divers lands to which this Order relates also form part of those settled estates, and the pier, wharf, and other works by this Order authorized, when made, will also form part of those settled estates: t

And whereas, under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, the present Sir Lawrence Palk, as promoter of the undertaking to which this Provisional Order relates, made application by a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council appointed

for

462

Torquay.

Undertakers.

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Description of works.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

for the consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, praying the Board to grant a Provisional Order under those Acts, and thereby to constitute the promoter and others a harbour authority for the purposes of the Order, and to authorize him and them to make and maintain additional piers, wharves, and other works within the limits in that behalf of the Order, and to levy and recover rates, tolls, and duties, and in the Order to specify the terms and conditions to be observed by the undertakers for the making, maintaining, and managing of the works, and to grant such other powers, privileges, and authorities as to the Board of Trade might seem fit:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the proposed works is fifty-one thousand pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoter published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the last-mentioned Act he was required to publish and deposit:

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled this present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which confirmation this Provisional Order will not be of any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That, from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order, the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The present Sir Lawrence Palk, Baronet, and other the person and persons from time to time entitled to the lands and works to which this Order relates, shall be the undertakers for the purposes of this Order, and shall have and may exercise the several powers, privileges, and authorities by this Order conferred on the undertakers, and may carry this Order in all respects into execution.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the undertakers from time to time, by agreement, may appropriate, or may enter upon and take and may use, such of the lands shown on the plans deposited for the purposes of this Order as they think expedient.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may execute, make, and maintain on the lands taken or appropriated by them for the purposes of this Order the works by this Order authorized, and, so far as the same are shown on the plans and sections deposited for the purposes of this Order, may make the 6ame in the lines and in accordance with the levels shown on the deposited plans and sections respectively, or within the limits of lateral deviation shown on the deposited plans, and, as regards vertical deviation, within five feet from those levels.

5. The works which by this Order the undertakers are authorized to execute, make, and maintain comprise the following works, with all proper and sufficient quays, wharves, yards, warehouses, approaches, accessories, and incidental works and conveniences whatsoever; (that is to say,)

(1.) A pier or breakwater constructed of stone commencing at the point called Land's End or Peak of Tor, and extending into the bay in a westerly direction for a length of seven hundred feet or thereabouts, with a cant or elbow at its outer end constructed of timber:

(2.) An extension of the present stone breakwater (situate on the east side of Beacon Hill) from its present termination to the Outer Millstone Rock, such extension to be one hundred and forty feet in length or thereabouts:

(3.) A wharf (for the storage of goods as well as for the loading and discharging of vessels) extending from the inner or northern end of the said present breakwater to the inner or eastern end of the proposed pier, the western portion thereof for a length of two hundred and fifty feet or thereabouts, and the eastern portion

thereof

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

thereof for a length of three hundred and thirty feet or thereabouts, to be formed with a flat slope towards the harbour, and to be left open for the beaching of vessels Or boats; the central portion for a length of six hundred and fifty feet or thereabouts to be faced with timber framing, with a platform thereon, with proper fender piles, and to be made convenient for the loading and discharging of vessels.

tf. The undertakers may from time to time, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade, inclose and fill up any part of the Old Harbour, and appropriate and use the same for the purpose of widening the streets or parades abutting on or adjacent to the Old Harbour, or otherwise improving the town of Torquay.

7. "With respect to the levying of rates the limits of the new harbour comprise the pier or breakwater, extension of breakwater, and wharf by this Order authorized, and the lands, foreshore, and sea contained within the same, and within an imaginary line drawn from the outer edge of the western end of the pier or breakwater to the outer edge of the eastern end of the present breakwater as extended.

8. For all the purposes of this Order, other than the levying of rates, the limits of the new harbour are the following; (that is to say,) the lands, foreshore, and bed of the sea contained Within the following lines; (that is to say,)

(A.) An imaginary line drawn due west from the centre of the natural arch called London Bridge for a distance of five hundred yards or thereabouts;

(B.) An imaginary line drawn due north-westward from the western end of the line (A.) until it touches the imaginary line which forms the western boundary of the Old Harbour (which last-mentioned boundary is described in the Act of 1803 as a direct line from a certain stone post on Torquay Bridge to other stone " posts and a ring on the beach at Torquay, and from thence to or near to the " centre of the clift called Foxhole Point in the parish of Paignton ");

(C.) The imaginary line forming that western boundary of the Old Harbour from the point at which it is touched by the line (B.) to the line of high-water mark of highest spring tides near to the Western Quay Wall of the present tidal basin ' of the Old Harbour; and (D.) The present line of high-water mark of highest spring tides from the termination of the imaginary line (C.) to the commencement of the imaginary line (A.)

9. With respect to the new harbour, from and after the completion of the pier or breakwater and extension of breakwater authorized by this Order (of which completion a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions shall be conclusive evidence, which certificate such Chairman shall sign on proof being adduced to him of such completion), the undertakers, from time to time, may demand and take for or in respect of the vessels, persons, animals, fish, goods, and things described in the schedule to this Order any rates not exceeding the several sums in that behalf specified in that schedule.

10. With respect to the Old Harbour, from the commencement of the operation of this Order, the rates, tolls, or duties leviable under the Act of 1803 shall cease to be levied, and thenceforth the undertakers may demand and take for or in respect of the vessels, persons, animals, fish, goods, and things described in the schedule to this Order any rates not exceeding the several sums in that behalf specified in that schedule:

Provided always, as follows:

(1.) Until rates become leviable under this Order with respect to the new harbour, such rates, tolls, or duties as are specified in the first and fifth items of the schedule to the Act of 1803 (and no others) shall be leviable with respect to the Old Harbour for or in respect of the things comprised in those items:

(2.) Nothing herein shall authorize with respect to the Old Harbour at any time the taking of any such rates as are mentioned in Table V. of the schedule to this Order.

11. The undertakers for the purposes of this Order from time to time may borrow and re-borrow at interest on mortgage of the undertaking, and the rates and moneys made payable under this Order, such moneys as they think fit, not exceeding in the whole fifty-five thousand pounds, and all the moneys so borrowed shall be applied only for purposes of the undertaking.

12. The

463

Torquay.

Power to fill up part of Old Harbour

Limits of new harbour as to rates.

Limits of new harbour except as to rates.

Bates for new harbour.

Bates for Old Harbour.

Power to borrow for works.

464

Commissioners Clauses Act.

Receiver for mortgagees.

Harbours Clauses Act.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Pass tickets for use of piers, &c.

Pass tickets not transferable. '

Penalty for using false pass ticket, &c.

Exemption of Custom House officers from rates.

Steam engines, lighters, Ac.

Lifeboats,

tide-gauges,

Ac.

Meters and weighers, &c.

Limits of harbour master's authority.

Pilotage.

Sheds, &c. on quays of Old Harbour

Saving for Act of 1803.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

12. The provisions of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be incorporated with this Order.

13. The mortgagees of the undertakers may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest or of principal and interest due on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is two thousand pounds.

14. Sections twenty-five, twenty-six, forty-nine and fifty of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

15. The undertakers shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole ten acres.

16. The undertakers may grant to passengers and others pass tickets for the use of the present breakwater and of the pier or breakwater, extension of breakwater, and wharf authorized by this Order, on such terms, and for such periods not exceeding one year, as are agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person.

17. A pass ticket granted by the undertakers shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person other than the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use.

18. If any person acts in any way in contravention of the last preceding provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass ticket, every person so offending shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings.

19. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress into, through, and out of the Old Harbour and the new harbour and the works within the limits thereof respectively by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

20. The undertakers may provide and use such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, barges, boats, buoys, mooring posts, mooring craft, tackle, and other machinery, vessels, apparatus, and conveniences as they think proper for any of the purposes of the Act of 1803, or of this Order, and may demand and take such sums for the use thereof as they think reasonable.

21. Notwithstanding anything in The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, it shall not be necessary for the undertakers to provide any life-boat, mortar, rockets, tide-gauge, weather-gauge, or barometer, except on a requisition in that behalf by the Board of Trade.

22. The undertakers shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the limits of the Old Harbour and of the new harbour, and the works and lands of the undertakers adjoining or near to the Old Harbour or to the new harbour, and also the appointment of crane attendants and quay porters in like manner and under the same regulations as meters and weighers.

23. The limits within which the lawful authority of the harbour master for the regulation of the harbour may be exercised shall be the Old Harbour and the new harbour, and the works and lands of the undertakers adjoining and near to the Old Harbour and the new harbour.

24. The undertakers shall be a pilotage authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, with all the powers conferred by that Act on pilotage authorities.

25. Nothing in this Order shall confer on the undertakers any right or power to erect or maintain any shed or other building on any part of the quays or works of or connected with the Old Harbour; but nothing in this Order shall take away or abridge any right or power in that behalf now existing or exerciseable under the Act of 1803.

26. Subject to this Order, the Act of 1803 shall continue in force.

27. This Order may be cited as The Torquay Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall.

Dated this 4th day of April 1864.

(Signed) James Booth,

Secretary.

The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order,

Table I. — Rates on Vessels entering the new or the Old Harbour (as the

CASE MAY be), OR USING EITHER OF THOSE HARBOURS (THOUGH NOT ENTERING IT) FOR SHIPPING, UNSHIPPING, OR TRANSHIPPING GOODS OR PASSENGERS.

s d.

For every vessel, per register ton - 0 6

For every vessel remaining in the harbour beyond one month, for each additional month per register ton, every fraction of a month being considered as one month - 0 2

For every two-oared boat belonging to the harbour, yearly - - 1 6

For every four-oared boat belonging to the harbour, yearly - - 2 6

For every other vessel belonging to the harbour, not exceeding ten tons,

yearly - -10 0

For every vessel belonging to the harbour, when solely employed in

the fishery on the coast, yearly, per register ton - 1 6

For every open boat employed in taking goods to or from the harbour,

each time - - -10

Table II. — Rates on Animals and Goods shipped, unshipped,

IN THE NEW OR THE OLD HaUBOUR (AS THE CASE MAY BE).

Apples, per bushel -

Ale, beer, or porter, per kilderkin -

Ditto per half ditto -

Ditto per barrel.

Ditto per hogshead -

Ditto in bottles per gallon -

Anchors, per cwt. -

Alabaster, rough, per ton -

Ditto, worked, per cwt.

Alum, per cwt.

Amber, per cwt.

Asphaltum, per cwt.

Ashes, barilla, pearl and pot, bleaching, soda, &c., per cwt. Apparel, in boxes or packages, per cwt.

Blubber, per cwt.

Bricks, common, per 1,000 .....

Ditto, fire, per 1,000 .....

Ditto, scouring, per 100 -

Bread or biscuit, per cwt.

Brooms, per dozen -

Bones, per ton -

Basket rods, per 1,000 -

Ballast, per ton -

Butter and lard, per cwt.

Bagging, per cwt.

Bark, tanners ', per ton -

Bellows, smiths ', each -

Ditto, common, per dozen .....

Blacking, per cwt.

Blocks, ship, per dozen -

Books, per cwt.

Borax, per cwt.

Bran, par ton -

Brimstone, per cwt.

Bristles, 4>er 12 lbs.

27 & 28 VICT. 3 O

OR TRANSHIPPED

- 0 0±

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 o *

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 3 0

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 2 0

. 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

. 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

465

Torquay.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

466

Torquay.

Brashes, hair, rush, and whalebone, per dozen Bullion or plate, per foot measurement Bullrushes, per bundle -Blue Li as, per cwt.

Brass, new, per cwt.

Ditto, old, per cwt.

Ciderorperry, per pipe -- per hogshead

per half hogshead in bottles, per gallon

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto,

Coals, per ton Culm, per ton -

Carpet bags, each -

Cement, per cwt -Corn and grain, per quarter -

Candles, per cwt.

Cheese, per cwt -

Clay, per ton -

Carriage with wheels, each -

Ditto with 2 wheels, each -

Carts and waggons, each -

Ditto, hand, each -

Chips, per 100 bundles -

Coopers' flags or rushes, per bundle -

Corpses, each -

Cordage, per cwt -

Cables, chain, per cwt -

Cork, per cwt -

Cattle:

Bulls, each -

Cows and oxen, each -

Horses, each -

Calves, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Lambs, each -

Asses and mules, each Canvas, per bolt -

Chalk, per ton -

Chimney pots, each -

Cakes, linseed, rape or cotton seed, per ton China, per barrel bulk -

Coke, per ton -

Cradles, each -

Cordials or liqueurs, per hogshead -

Ditto, in bottles, per gallon -

Chain iron, per cwt -

Cloths, linen, woollen, or cotton, bale, pack, or truss, per cwt.

Ditto ditto in boxes, per cubic foot

Copper, per cwt -

Ditto furnaces, per 20 gallons -

Cigars, per cwt -

Drugs and chemicals:

Aloes, per cwt.

Aniseed, per cwt -

Arsenic, per cwt.

s.

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 o±

- 0 10

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 I

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 9

- 4 0

- 2 0

- 2 0

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 0 *

- 5 0

. 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

2 6

- 1 6

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 4

. 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 4 0

- 1 0

- 0 2

1 6

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 6

m 0 4

m 0 3

m 1 0

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Drugs and chemicals — eont.

Bark, medicinal, per cwt. -Copperas, per barrel or bag -

Cream of tartar, per cwt.

Gum, per cwt.

Juice, lemon, lime, and orange, per hogshead Mineral waters, per cwt. -

Muriate of lime, potash, and soda, each, per cwt.

Salts, Epsom and Glauber, per cwt.

Dogs, per head -

Dyers stuff, per cwt -

Dyes, per cwt.

Earthenware, crate or package of, per foot

Ditto coarse in bulk, per potter's dozen Eggs, per gross .....

Emery, per cwt.

Ditto stones, per cwt.

Empty bottles, per dozen .....

Ditto bags and sacks, per cwt -

Ditto cask, pipe, or puncheon, each - Ditto hogshead, barrel, or kilderkin, each Empty case, basket, or package, per five cubic feet Flour, per ton

Feathers, per cwt.

Fish, wet or core and dry, per cwt

Pilchards, cured, per hogshead -

Herrings, cured, per barrel Other cured, per cwt.

Fruit, green, per cwt.

Ditto, dry, per cwt -

Flax, per ton .....

Furniture, household, including musical instruments, pi< ings, and mirrors, &c., per cubic loot Fdt, per cwt.

Flock, per bag -

Floor cloth, per cwt.

Flower roots, plants, or trees, in packages, per cubic foot Fuel, patent, per ton .....

Gates, common, wooden, each -

Glue, per cwt -

Glass, per box, crate, or package, per cubic foot Groceries:

Angelica, per cwt -

Arrowroot, per cwt.

Cinnamon, per cwt -

Cloves, per cwt.

Currants, per cwt.

Cocoa, per cwt - «...

Coffee, per cwt ..... Cranberries, per 5 gallons Dates, per cwt.

Figs, per cwt .....

Ginger, per cwt. -

Ginger bread, per cwt ...

Groats, per cwt.

Lemons, per chest - -!

Ditto, per box -

3 0 2

s. d.

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

- . 0 4

- 0 4

- - . I 0

. 0 2

* ' . 0 1

- . 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 1 0

- 0 1

- a 4

- -; 0 1

- 0 2

. - ft 1

- - ft o *

. ' a 2

- 0 2

- - 0 1

- 0 1

- 2. JO

- > - 0 6

. - 0 1

- , 0 *3

- ..' -ft 4

. ft -1

. - ft 1

- 0 2

. - 2 0

Jtures, paint-

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

. 0 3

. 0 4

- - 0 1

- - 1 0

. 0 2

- - "0 2

- - 0 1

. 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 1 ft

- 0 H

- - ft 2

- 0 3

- . 0 1

- . 0 2

. w . 0 2

- . 0 2

- - 0 2

- - ft 2

0 4

- . 0 2

467

Torquay,

t^oosie

468

Torquay.

27°, & 28? yjCtljQRI J5, c. 93

Groceries — continued.

Maccaroni, per cwt.

Mace, per cwt -

Mustard, per firkin of 72 lbs.

Ditto, per firkin of 36 lbs.

Nutmegs, per cwt.

Nuts, per cwt, -

Oranges, per chest -

Ditto, per box -

Olives, per barrel -

- Ditto, per jar -

Pepper, per cwt. -

Preserves, per cwt .....

Pickles, per cwt -

Raisins, per cwt.

Rice, per cwt.

Spices, not enumerated, per cwt

Sago, per cwt.

Tea, per cwt. -

Tapioca, per cwt.

Vermicelli, per cwt -

Gunpowder, per cwt Grapes, per barrel or jar Gravel or sand, per ton Grease or greaves, per cwt.

Hoops, wooden, per dozen -

Ditto, iron, per cwt.

Hurdles, wooden or wicker, per dozen Hemp, per ton -

Hops; per pocket -

Hides, bullocks, raw or dry, per ton Hides, fleshings, and rounding or glue pieces, per cwt-Hair, per cwt.

Hay, per ton -

Hanks for sails, per dozen -

Honey, per gallon -

Hoofs, per cwt. -

Horns, per 100 -

Handles, broom, brush, shovel, and other, per dozen Haberdashery, hosiery, and millinery, in bales, per cwt ' Ditto, ditto, in boxes, per foot

Hardware, per cwt -

Iron metal, pig, bar, and bolt, per ton Ditto, castings, per ton

Ditto, wrought or manufactured articles, per cwt.* Ice, per ton -

Indigo, per cwt.

Isinglass, per cwt.

Ivory, per cwt.

Ditto, black, per cwt -

Junk or old rope, per cwt. -Kelp, per ton -Lead, pigs of, per ton -

Ditto, sheet, per cwt.

Leather, tanned, per cwt.

Ditto, wrought, per cwt.

Lime, per ton -

S. d.

- 0 4

- - 1 0

- - 0 3

- . 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 2

0 2

- o 1

- - G 8

- 0 4

- 0 8

- - 0 2

- 0 2

- . - I e

- 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

- o 4

- . - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - - 0 1

- G 2

- - 2 0

- - O 8

- - 2 8

0 2

. - 0 3

- - 2 0

0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

. - a 4

: - 0 I

- - 0 4

- 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 1 0

- - 2 0

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 1 6

- - a 0

- l 0

- 0 1

0 I

- - 2 0

- - 1 6

_ i - 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

- - 0 5

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c:93

Lamp black, per cwt.

Molalsses, per cwt. -

Malt, per quarter -Marble, unworked, per ton of 12 feet Ditto, worked, per ton of 12 feet Machinery, iron, per ton -

Ditto, wood and iron mixed, per foot Machines or implements, agricultural:

Chaff cutters, for every 5 feet Corn bruisers, for every 5 feet Harrows, each -

Ploughs, each

Rakes, hand, per dozen -. Ditto, horse, each -Scythes, per dozen Spades, per dozen -

Threshing, for every 5 feet Winnowing, for every 5 feet Meat:

Salt or preserved, per cwt Bacon, per cwt.

Hams, per cwt -

Tongues, per cwt.

Mats, per dozen -

Matting, per cubic foot -

Maunds or hampers, new, per dozen Meal, per cwt.

Mops and brushes, per dozen Millstones, each Manure:

Artificial or manufactured bones, dissolved , : Dung, per load Earth, per load -

Guano, per ton Fish, per ton -Metal, bell, per cwt.

Nails, iron, per cwt.

Nets or netting, per 5 cubic feet -Oil, castor, per cwt.

Ditto, in flasks, per chest or package of TOO lbs. Ditto, not enumerated, per hogshead Oysters, per cwt.

Ochre, per cwt.

Oakum, per cwt.

Onions, per cwt.

Ores and Minerals:

Black jack, per ton -

Copper ore, per ton Irpn we, per ton -

Manganese, per ton Mundic, per ton Lpad ore, per ton Tin ore, per ton Paper, stationers ', per cwt.

Ditto, common, per cwt.

Potatoes, per ton -

s. d.

- - - 0 6

- - 0 2

- 0 6

- - 1 , 6

- - 5 0

- - 2 6

- - 0 1

_ 0 2

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - p 6

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - - 0 2

_ 0 3

- - . 0 3

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - - 0 0 *

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - 0 3

- - - 0 6

bone dust, per ton 1 6

- - 0 3

- - - a 3

- - 2 0

- - ' 0 3

- 0 2

- - - 0 1

- - 0 4

- - - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 10

- 0 1

- . 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

0 c

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - — 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - - 0 H

- - 2 0

469

Torquay.

470

-Torquay.

2?" & 28i>'VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Plaster of Paris, unwrought, per ton - Ditto, wrought, per cwt. -Paints and painters' colours, and putty, per cwt *

Petroleum, per ton

Pipes, for smoking, per hogshead

Ditto, common or earthenware draining, per ton

Ditto, glazed, or other sewer pipes, per ton

Pumice stones, per cwt. -

Quicksilver, per cwt.

Sags, per cwt.

Seeds, agricultural, per cwt.

Ditto, garden, per cwt.

Slate, rag, unwrought, and other, per ton

Soap, per cwt.

Sugar, refined, per cwt -

Ditto, moist or soft, per cwt. -

Shumack, per cwt.

Stone s'-.

Blue has, unmanufactured, per ton Cement, unmanufactured, per ton -Flint, per ton -

Filtering, each -

Flag, rough, per 100 feet - Ditto, worked, per 100 feet -

Free, per ton -

Grinding, per cwt -

Granite, per ton of 14 feet -

Lime, per ton Portland, per ton -

Rubble, per ton -

Salt, per ton -

Ditto, coarse, for manure or other purposes, per ton -Spirits:

Brandy, gin, rum, whiskey, per pipe, butt, or puncheon Ditto, per hogshead

Shot, per cwt -..

Sails, per cwt.

Skins:

Horse, calf, or sheep, per score -

Other, per score -

Steel, unwrought, per cwt.

Saltpetre, per cwt.

Silk:

Raw, per cwt.

Thrown, per cwt ..... Waste, per cwt -

Manufactured in package, per foot Snuff, per cwt.

Soda, per ton Soda water, per dozen -Solder and spelter, per cwt -

Spermaceti, per cwt.

Spokes for wheels, per dozen ...

Naves for wheels, per dozen -

Sponge, per cwt -

Starch, per cwt '

s. d.

- 0 6

- o1 V

- 0 2

- 5 0

- 1 P

- 1 6

1 P

. 0 1

. 0 9

. , 0 1

. 0 6

- 1 0

- 1 0

- ' 0 2

. 0 2

- 0 H

- 0 2

0 5

- 0 5

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 2

- 2 0

. 1 2

- 0 1

- 0 8

- 0 3

- 0 8

. 0 3

. 1 0

- p 6

_ 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 4

. 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 2

0 2

1 0

- 2 0

- 0 6

. 0 2

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 2

. 0 8

0 2

- 0 6

- 1 6

. 0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Succadea and sweetmeats, per cwt.

Siilpbuiyper ewt.

Tin, per cwt. -

Trawl beams, each - -

Tallow, per cwt.

Tobacco, per cwt.

Turpentine, per cwt.

Talc, per cwt -

Tar, coal, per 100 gallons -

Tar, other, pitch, or resin, per barrel -

Terra japonica, per ton -

Thrumbs, per ton -

Tow, per cwt.

Toys, in boxes, per foot -

Treacle or molasses, per puncheon -

Ditto, per half puncheon -

Ditto, per small cask -

Treenails or Treennells, per 1,000, under 2 feet in length

Ditto, per 1,000, exceeding 2 feet in length -

Twine, per cwt -

Type, per cwt. -

Tiles, crease, ridge, or other, per ton -

Valonia, per ton -

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Varnish, per cwt

Vegetables, per cwt. -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Verdigris, per cwt.

Wool, per cwt -

Wire, iron, per cwt -

Wax, per cwt.

Whalebone, per 12 lbs. -

Wheelbarrows, each -

Whetstones, per gross -

Whitening, per cwt -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto, in bottles, per gallon -

Wood:

Mahogany, cedar, rose, satin, and other furniture woods in bulk, per load of 50 feet -

Square baulk oak, pine, fir, or other timber not enumerated, per load of 50 feet

Deals, planks, or battens, per load of 50 feet ...

Boards, rough or planed, per load of 50 feet -Spars, per load of 50 feet -

Lignum vitae, box, ebony, log, and dyers ', per ton -Round, per 40 feet, string measure -

Boards for veneering, per cubic foot -

Staves, pipe, double, per 100 -

Ditto, ditto, single, per 100 Staves, hogshead or barrel, double, per 100 Ditto, ditto, single, per 100

Lathwood, of 6 feet length, per fathom -Laths, per 1,000 -

Oars, per dozen -

Handspikes, per 100 -

Firewood, per ton -

>. d.

0 4

0 3

0 1

0 4

0 2

0 4

0 6

0 4

0 6

0 2

2 0

0 4

0 1

0 I

1 0

0 6

0 3

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 6

1 3

2 0

1 0

0 3

0 1

0 6

0 1

0 4

0 2

0 2

0 2

0 2

0 2

0 1

1 0

0 1

3 0

1 0

1 3

1 6

1 3

2 0

1 0

0 2

1 0

0 G

0 6

0 3

3 0

0. 2

0 6

2 0

1 0

471

Torquay.

472

Torquay.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

s. d.

Yarn, per cwt. - -02

Zinc, per cwt. - -01

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantities, but no sum less than \d .; and for all other goods not enumerated, but corresponding or nearly corresponding with those specially charged herein, in the like proportion thereto, according to their nature and quality; and for other goods per barrel bulk 2d ,; per ton 2s. 6d .; 5 cubic feet not exceeding 2\ cwts. being rated as a barrel bulk; and when the weight of 5 cubic feet is greater than 2£ cwts., then 2J cwts. shall be rated as a barrel bulk; and the charge by barrel bulk shall apply to all articles that can be measured, and by weight to all others, and the gross weight or measurement shall be taken.

Table III. — Rates for the Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds. l*f. Cranes.

All goods or packages, not exceeding ton

Ditto exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons

Ditto exceeding 2 tons and not exceeding 3 tons

Ditto exceeding 3 tons and not exceeding tons

Ditto exceeding tons and not exceeding 5 tons

Ditto exceeding 5 tons and not exceeding 6 tons

Ditto exceeding 6 tons and not exceeding 7 tons

Ditto exceeding 7 tons and not exceeding 8 tons

Ditto exceeding 8 tons and not exceeding 9 tons

Ditto exceeding 9 tons and not exceeding 10 tons

And exceeding 10 tons by special agreement with the harbour-master; but no crane is to be used for a greater weight than it is constructed to carry.

0 6 0 8 0 10 1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6

2 0 2 6 3 0

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

3 rd. Sheds.

For every parcel or quantity of goods of 8 barrels bulk, or of 1 ton of 20 cwts., deposited in the sheds, the sum of 3d. per ton for each day or part of a day during which such goods shall remain, and in that proportion for every greater or less quantity, but not less than Id. shall be charged.

Table IV. — Rates on Passengers landing or embarking in the New or the Old Harbour (as the case may be).

For every passenger - -03

Table V. — Rates for Promenaders on the present Breakwater, or on the Pier or Breakwater, Extension of Breakwater, or Wharf, authorized by the foregoing Order.

For every person who shall use any part of the works lastly above described for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time any sum not exceeding - -02

For every bath or sedan chair taken on any part of those works, for each time any sum not exceeding - - 0 6

For every perambulator taken thereon, for each time any sum not exceeding ... -02

OBAN.

27° & 28° ViCf6kl/E, c. 03.

473

OBAN.

Provisional Order of the Board of Trade to enable \ the Trustees of the late John Marquess of Breadalbane to construct further Works at the Harbour of Oban in the County of Argyll; and to levy Rates; and for the Improvement and Maintenance and Regulation of the said Harbour.

Whereas, under The Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation Act, 1862, the Oban Pier and Harbour Order set out in the Schedule thereto, made under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act; 1861, Amendment Act, (which Order is hereinafter, called the Order of 1862,) empowering the Moat Honourable John Marquess of Breadalbane, now deceased, to improve* maintain, and regulate the Pier and Harbour at Oban aforesaid in the county of Argyll, was confirmed:

And whereas the Right Honourable Fox Earl of Dalhousie, the Honourable Charles Baillie, one of the Senators of the College of Justice, and Alexander Currie, Esq.* one of the principal Clerks of Session in Scotland, accepting and acting trustees appointed by the said deceased John Marquess of Breadalbane by his trust disposition and settlement dated the 26lh day of November 1847, and registered along with other relative writings in the Books of Council and Session in Scotland the 26th day of December 1862* and now vested with the lands, pier and harbour, and other properties at Oban which belonged to the said deceased Marquess, herein-after called the promoters, made application by a. memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations, herein-after called the Board of Trade, representing that the works undertaken by the Order of 1862 had been completed, and praying their Lordships to grant another Provisional Order to amend the Order, of 1862, and containing powers to them to construct a sea wall and breastwork and other works at the said pier and harbour, and fo levy rates at the said pier and harbour and breastwork, and for other purposes:

And whereas the estimated expenditure on the said proposed works is two. thousand five hundred pounds, and no more:

And whereas the promoters published the advertisements and deposited the documents which by the thirdly-mentioned Act they were required to publish and deposit;

And whereas the Board of Trade, after making such inquiries as they have thought expedient, have settled the present Provisional Order, and intend to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for the purpose of obtaining an Act for the confirmation of this Provisional Order (until which this Provisional Order will not be t>f any validity or force whatever):

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do by this their Provisional Order, in pursuance of The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, and The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, Amendment Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the powers thereby respectively in them vested, and of every other power enabling them in this behalf, order —

That from and immediately after the passing of an Act of Parliament confirming this Provisional Order the following provisions shall take effect and be in force:

1. The said Fox Earl of Dalhousie, Charles Baillie, and Alexander Currie, and the survivors and survivor of them, and the trustee or trustees to be assumed by them under the powers contained in the paid trust disposition and settlement* and proprietors for the time being of the pier and harbour of Oban and works hereby authorized, shall be the undertakers under this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the undertakers may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plan as intended to be taken for the purpose of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, except so much thereof as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Afit, 1860, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the undertakers may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plan and section, make and maintain the further works at the said pier and harbour shown on the deposited plan.

27 & 28 Vict. 3 P 5. The

[Preamble.]

The undertakers.

Power to take specified lauds by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of Works.

Time for completion of works.

Partial repeal of Order of 1862.

Limits of Harbour.

Rates.

Customs officers exempt from rates.

Borrowing

power.

Application of receipts.

Meters and

weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, Ac.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

5. The works authorized by this Order are the following:

A breastwork and sea wall and relative works commencing on the eastern side of the existing pier which belonged to the said deceased Marquess, and is now vested in the undertakers, and at a point 38 lineal yards or thereby south of the north-western or seaward extremity of the said pier, and extending a distance of 280 lineal yards or thereby from the said existing pier in a northerly direction, and terminating at or near to the southern and seaward extremity of the breastwork or sea wall which is already constructed in front or seaward of Columbia Terrace, on the lands of Dunolly, or at or near to the stream on the south end of the said last-mentioned breastwork, all situated at the town of Oban in the united parishes of Kilmore and Kilbride in the county of Argyll.

6. The time for the completion of the works authorized by this Order shall be three years after the passing of an Act confirming this Order.

7. The provision of the Order of 1862, whereby The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to rates/and to the collection and recovery of rates, and sections 16, 17, 18, and 19 in that Act contained, were declared not to be incorporated with that Order, shall, in so far as respects rates, and the collection and recovery of rates, be repealed, but the said sections 16, 17, 18, and 19 shall not be incorporated with the Order of 1862, or this Order.

8. The limits of this Order shall be the limits or area shown in pink on the Admiralty plan or chart of Oban Bay, surveyed by Captain Robinson and lieutenant Creyke, of the Royal Navy, and published at the Hydrographic Office of the Admiralty on 1st October 1856, of which copies, having the said limits or area coloured as aforesaid, were, on or before 30th November 1863, deposited (with the other documents deposited under the Act thirdly herein-before mentioned on or before the last-mentioned date) at the office of the Sheriff Clerk of Argyllshire, at Inverary, at the Custom House at Greenock, and in the office of the Board of Trade.

9. The undertakers may, from and after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, at the said existing pier and works, and from and after the date when the breastwork and sea wall and relative works authorized by this Order are completed, and a certificate of such completion is obtained in terms of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, then also at such breastwork and sea wall and works, demand and receive in respect of the vessels, passengers, goods, matters, and things described in the Schedule hereunto annexed embarked, landed, loaded, or unloaded at or using the said pier, breastwork, sea wall or works, any sum not exceeding the rates in the said Schedule specified.

10. Officers of Customs being in the execution of their duty shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the pier and harbour by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

11. The undertakers may borrow on mortgage or bond at interest such sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and they shall regularly keep down the interest accruing on the money so borrowed, and shall not allow such interest to accumulate, and shall repay the money borrowed within fifty years from the time of borrowing.

12. The rates received under this Order shall be applicable to the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise:

(1.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing pier and harbour, and new works authorized by this Order.

(2.) In paying the interest on any money borrowed under this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof.

(3.) To the proper use of the undertakers.

13. The undertakers shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on and within the pier and harbour, breastwork, sea wall, and works,

14. The undertakers may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

15. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

15. The undertakers shall be a pilotage authority and a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the other Acts construed with and as part of the same, with all the powers by these Acts conferred on pilotage authorities and local authorities.

16. Nothing herein contained shall affect or prejudice the rights and powers of the undertakers under the trust disposition and settlement before mentioned of the said deceased Marquess of Breadalbane as to the management or disposal of the lands, pier, and harbours, and other properties at Oban which belonged to the said deceased Marquess, with their appurtenances, now vested or that may be vested in them as his trustees.

17. This Order may be cited as The Oban Pier and Harbour Order, 1864.

Board of Trade, Whitehall,

Dated this 12th day of April 1864.

(Signed) Jamks Booth,

Schedule to which this Order refers.

Ale, beer, or porter, per hogshead Animals. See Horse, &c.

Asphalte, per ton

Bark in bulk or bag, per ton -

Ballast, per ton -Beef, fresh or salt, per cwt.

Biscuit and bread, per cwt.

Bones, per ton -

Books and stationery, per cwt.

Bone dust, per ton ...

Bottles, per gross t

Boxes, full, per barrel bulk -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter, per cwt -

Carriages with four wheels, each -

Carriages with two wheels, each

Cattle, each -

Casks, empty, not being returned, each

Cement, per barrel.

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney cans, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, per barrel bulk

Clover seed, per quarter -

Coach or cart wheels, per pair

Coals, per ton -

Copper and brass, per ton

Corks, per barrel bulk -

Corn, per quarter -

Cordage, per cwt.

Crystal and crockery, per barrel bulk

Dogs, each -

Drugs, per barrel bulk

Dissolved bones, per ton -

Earthenware, per barrel bulk -

Eggs, per barrel bulk -

Felt, per cwt -

Fish, fresh, salted, or dried, per cwt.

Flax, per cwt -

3 P 2

Secretary.

s. d.

0 6

0 6

- o: LO

- 0 1

- 0 2

. 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 4

. 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 4

_ 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 6

- 0 2

0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

. 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 2

. 0 3

_ 1 4

- 0 2

_ 0 2

_ 0 3

. 0 2

- 0 2

. 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

475

Oban.

Pilotage.

Not to affect powers under the trust deed.

[Short title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 03.

47(i

Oban.

Flour, per sack or barrel -

Fowls and ducks, live, per dozen

Freestone, per ton -

Fruit, per cwt.

Gates, each -

Geese and turkeys, live, each

Glass, per barrel bulk -

Grain, per quarter

Grates or stoves, each -

Gravel, per ton -

Grease and greaves, per cwt.

Groceries, per barrel -

Guano and artificial manures, per ton

Gunpowder, per cwt.

Hardware, per barrel bulk

Hares and rabbits, per dozen or any less quantity

Hay, per ton -

Hemp and cotton, unwrought, per ton

Hides, each -

Household fuj-niture, per barrel bulk

Hurdles, each -

Herrings, cured, per barrel

Ditto, fresh, per cran -

Horses, asses, and mules, each Husbandry utensils, per ton -

Iron, all kinds, per ton -

Kelp, per ton -

Lambs, per score -

Lathwood, per bundle -

Lead of all kinds, zinc, per ton Leather, per cwt.

Lime, per barrel -

Limestone, per ton -Machinery, per ton -

Malt, per quarter -

Manure, per ton -

Masts and spars, each -

Meal, per bag of 280 lbs. or barrel Meat, per cwt.

Milk, per three large pitchers -

Millstones, each -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oil, per ten gallons ...

Oil cake, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel ...

Passengers5 luggage not exceeding barrel bulk Ditto ditto all above ditto, per

Pease or beans, per quarter Peats, per ton -

Pigs, each -

Ploughs. — See husbandry utensils.

Potatoes, per ton -Rape cakes, per ton -

Rags, per cwt.

Ropes, per cwt.

Ryegrass seeds, per quarter

barrel bulk

s. d.

- 0 2

- 0 2 '

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 8

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 1 4

- 0 oh

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 1 4

- 1 0

- 0 8

- 0 3

- 0 oh

- 1 4

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 1 4

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 1 G

- 0 2

- 0 2

0 oh

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 8

- 0 2

- free

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 oi

. 0 G

- 0 8

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Seaware or wreck, per ton -

Seeds, not enumerated, per cwt. -Sheep, per score -

Skins, dried, per dozen -

Slates, under Size, per 1,000 -

Da, sizeable, per 1,000 -

Do., over Size* per 1,000 -

Sodawater or lemonade, per gross -Spirits, per 56 gallons -

Spokes and naves for wheels, per gang -Steel, per ton -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -

Stones, pavement, per ton of 16 cubic feet Straw, per ton -

Stucco, per barrel -

Sugar, per hogshead -

Tallow, per ton -

Tar, pitch, or rosin, per barrel -

Tea, per cwt.

Tiles or pipes, per 1,000 -

Turpentine, per hogshead -

Timber, unwrought, of all kinds, per load of 50 cubic feet, -Tin of all kinds, per ton -

Turnips, per ton -

Tobacco, per ton -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Whisky, per 56 gallons -

Wine in cask, per hogshead -

Do. in bottle, per dozen -

Wool, per stone -

Yarn, per cwt.

All other unenumerated articles to pay at landing or shipping —

If by measurement, per barrel bulk -

If by weight, per ton -

Articles which can be measured to pay by barrel bulk; all others by weight.

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rate shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding two and a half hundredweight, to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two and a half hundredweight, then two and a half hundredweight to be rated as a barrel bulk.

s. dL

- 0 Oi

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 1

- c 6

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 8

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 1 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 1 4

_ 0 2

- 0 G

- 0 8

- 0 8

- 0 8

- 1 4

- 0 6

- 2 6

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 1 4

Rates on Vessels using the Pier, Sea Wall, or Breastwork.

Every vessel, other than open or undecked vessels, using the pier, sea wall, or breastwork, for discharging or shipping goods within the harbour, shall pay 2d. per ton burden.

Every undecked vessel, Id each.

Bon& fide pleasure boats landing or embarking passengers at the boat slip on the breastwork, free.

Rates on Passengers.

For every person, excepting as under mentioned, landing from or embarking in any vessel at the pier, sea wall, or breastwork, 2d

For every reaper and every person in charge of goods paying rates, £d

477

Oban.

32 G. 3. c. 63.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 33.

59 Gk 3. C. 60.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 93, 94.

Rates for the Use of Sheds, Cranes, and Weighing Machines.

Sheds.

For each ton of goods of- eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of twenty hundredweights, which shall remain in any shed or on the pier, sea wall, or breastwork for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 4d .; and the sum of 2d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

Cranes.

All goods or packages not exceeding one ton Exceeding one ton and not exceeding two tons Exceeding two tons and not exceeding three tons Exceeding three tons and not exceeding four tons Exceeding four tons and not exceeding five tons Exceeding five tons and not exceeding six tons Exceeding six tons and not exceeding seven tons Exceeding seven tons and not exceeding eight tons Exceeding eight tons and not exceeding nine tons Exceeding nine tons and not exceeding ten tons Exceeding ten tons -

Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, 1 d . for each ton or part of a ton.

s. d.

0 3

- - 0 4

. - 0 6

- - 0 8

- - 0 10

- - 1 0

- - 1 2

- - 1 4

- 1 8

- - 2 0

- - 3 0

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to remove Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting Relief to Pastors,

(Ministers, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland: And whereas by the Ninth Section of the said Act it is provided and declared that " no Person exercising

" the Function or assuming the Office and Character of a Pastor or Minister of any

" Order in the Episcopal Communion in Scotland as aforesaid shall be capable of taking

" any Benefice, Curacy, or other Spiritual Promotion within that Part of Great Britain

" called England, the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or of

" officiating in any Church or Chapel within the same, where the Liturgy of the Church ' " of England as now by Law established is used, unless he shall have been lawfully ' " ordained by some Bishop of the Church of England or of Ireland And whereas an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty ' Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to make certain Provisions and Regulations in respect to ' the Exercise within England and Ireland of their Office by the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland; and also to extend such Provisions and Regulations to the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America; and also to make further Regulations in respect to Bishops and Clergy other than

those of the United Church of England and Ireland, by which Act the Provisions in the said Ninth Section of the said first-recited Act were altered, extended, and amended: And whereas it is expedient that the Disabilities affecting the Bishops and Clergy of the said Protestant Episcopal [Church in Scotland imposed by the said recited Acts should be removed, and for that Purpose that the said recited Acts should be in part repealed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Bishop of London for the Time being to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies, it is enacted that " no Person who shall have

" been

479

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 94.

" been admitted into Holy Orders by the Bishops of Quebec, Nova Scotia, or Calcutta, or ' " by any other Bishop or Archbishop than those of England or Ireland, shall be capable c " of officiating in any Church or Chapel of England or Ireland, without special Permis- " sion from the Archbishop of the Province in which he proposes to officiate, or of having, c " holding, or enjoying, or of being admitted to, any Parsonage or other Ecclesiastical c Preferment in England or Ireland, or of acting as Curate therein, without the Consent

" and Approbation of the Archbishop of the Province and also of the Bishop of the (" Diocese in which any such Parsonage or Ecclesiastical Preferment or Curacy may be

" situatedAnd whereas Doubts may arise after the passing of this Act whether the

Provisions of the said last-recited Act would apply to Persons admitted into Holy Orders by Bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The said Ninth Section of the said first-recited Act is hereby repealed.

2. The Words " Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland" shall, for the Purposes of this Act, mean the Episcopal Communion in Scotland as mentioned in the Said first-recited A.ct.

3. The said second-recited Act, so far only as it relates to the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland, or the Bishops and Clergy thereof, is hereby repealed.

4. The Provisions and Enactments of the said last-recited Act shall not be or be held to be applicable to any Person admitted into Holy Orders by a Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland.

5. No Person admitted into Holy Orders by any Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland shall be entitled to be admitted or instituted to any Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Preferment in England or Ireland, without the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Preferment may be situated; and any such Bishop shall be entitled to refuse such Consent and Approbation without assigning .Reason for such Refusal, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Person seeking to be admitted or instituted to such Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Preferment, or to be licensed to any Curacy, shall, before being admitted, instituted, or licensed, make and subscribe before such Bishop every such Declaration and Subscription as he would by Law have been required to make and subscribe at his Ordination if he had been ordained by a Bishop of the United Church of England or Ireland: Provided always, that the Provisions of this Section shall not apply to any such Person who shall hold or shall have held any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Preferment in England or Ireland.

6. Any Person admitted into Holy Orders by any Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland, and who does not hold or who has not held any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Preferment in England or Ireland, who shall knowingly officiate on more than One Day within Three Months in any Church or Chapel in any Diocese in England or Ireland, without notifying the same to the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Church or Chapel is situate, or who shall officiate contrary to any Injunction of the Bishop of the Diocese under his Hand and Seal, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Governor of Queen Anne's Bounty, to be recovered by Action of Debt, brought in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Bounty, in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session in Scotland at the Suit of the Public Prosecutor, or in Ireland in any Court of Common Law in the Name of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Sec. 9. of 32 G. 3. c. 63. repealed.

Definition of " Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland."

3 & 4 Vict c. 33. in part repealed.

As to Application of Provisions of 59 G. 3. c. 60.

Persons admitted into Holy Orders by Bishops in Scotland not to be admitted to Benefices, See. in England or Ireland without Consent of Bishop of the Diocese.

Penalty on such Persons officiating in certain Cases without Consent of Bishop.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 95.

9 & 10 Vict.

Where no Action brought within Six Months by Executor of Person killed, then Action may be brought by Persons beneficially interested in Result of Action.

Money paid into Court may be paid in One Sum, without regard to its Division into Shares.

If not accepted, Defendant entitled to V erdict on the Issue.

Acts to be read as One.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend the Act Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accident.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and ' Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for compensating the Families

e of Persons killed by Accident, it is amongst other things provided, that every such Action

as therein mentioned shall be for the Benefit of the Wife, Husband, Parent, and Child

of the Person whose Death shall have been so caused as therein mentioned, and shall be brought by and in the Name of the Executor or Administrator of the Person

deceased: And whereas it may happen by reason of the Inability or Default of any ' Person to obtain Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Personal Estate (and Effects of the Person deceased, or by reason of the Unwillingness or Neglect of the

Executor or Administrator of the Person deceased to bring such Action as aforesaid,

that the Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of the said Act may be deprived

thereof; and«it is expedient to amend and extend the said Act as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. If and so often as it shall happen at any Time or Times hereafter in any of the Cases intended and provided for by the said Act that there shall be no Executor or Administrator of the Person deceased, or that there being such Executor or Administrator no such Action as in the said Act mentioned shall within Six Calendar Months after the Death of such deceased Person as therein mentioned have been brought by and in the Name of his or her Executor or Administrator, then and in every such Case such Action may be brought by and in the Name or Names of all or any of the Persons (if more than One) for whose Benefit such Action would have been, if it had been brought by and in the Name of such Executor or Administrator; and every Action so to be brought shall be for the Benefit of the same Person or Persons, and shall be subject to the same Regulations and Procedure as nearly as may be, as if it were brought by and in the Name of such Executor or Administrator.

2. And whereas by the Second Section of the said Act it is provided that the Jury

may give such Damages as they may think proportioned to the Injury resulting from such

Death to the Parties respectively for whom and whose Benefit such Action shall be brought, and the Amount so recovered, after deducting the Costs not recovered from the

Defendant, shall be divided between the before-mentioned Parties in such Shares as the Jury shall by their Verdict direct Be it enacted and declared, That it shall be sufficient, if the Defendant is advised to pay Money into Court, that he pay it as a Compensation in One Sum to all Persons entitled under the said Act for his wrongful Act, Neglect, or Default, without specifying the Shares into which it is to be divided by the Jury; and if the said Sum be not accepted, and an Issue is taken by the Plaintiff as to its Sufficiency, and the Jury shall think the same sufficient, the Defendant shall be entitled to the Verdict upon that Issue.

3. This Act and the said Act shall be read together as One Act.

481

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 96, 97.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act' to enable certain Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland to avail themselves of the Provisions of the Acts Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria, Chapter Sixty-six, and Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and forty-six, for regulating the Sale of Gas.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales i of Gas, Royal Burghs in Scotland not being County Towns were enabled to avail them-c selves of the Provisions of the said Act, and it was compulsory on Counties and Royal

Burghs being County Towns to bring the said Act into operation: And whereas by ' another Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, ' intituled An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas9 it was

rendered optional in Counties to avail themselves of the Provisions of the said first- mentioned Act: And whereas the Limits of certain Royal Burghs forming Portions of (Parliamentary Burghs are not co-extensive with the Parliamentary Boundaries, and in ' consequence thereof the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act, if adopted by these

Royal Burghs, would not apply to the whole District within the Parliamentary Boundaries;

and it is expedient that Powers should be conferred to render the Provisions of the said ' Acts applicable within the said Parliamentary Boundaries:' Therefore be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Magistrates of any Royal Burgh whose ordinary Jurisdiction has been extended beyond the Bounds thereof by Act or Acts of Parliament, or of any Parliamentary Burgh having a Population of Twenty thousand, in which Burgh the said Acts have not been brought into operation, may, at any Meeting to be called for the Purpose, resolve that the Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be applicable to the whole District subject to their Jurisdiction on and after a certain Date to be fixed by them, and on the said Resolution being come to the Magistrates shall publish the same and make Proclamation thereof at least Three Months before the said Date so fixed, and thereafter the said recited Acts shall apply to and may be enforced by the said Magistrates within the whole District subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Magistrates: Provided always, that where in the first-recited Act anything is required to be done within a specified Time after the passing thereof, such Time shall for the Purposes of this Act be calculated from the Date fixed in the said Resolution for the Provisions of the said recited Acts coming into operation with respect to such District.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66.

23 & 24 Vict c. 146.

Magistrates of certain Burghs may apply to their District Provisions of recited Acts.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to make further Provision for the Registration of Burials in England.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS Provision is made by Law in England for the Registration of Burials c ' ' performed according to the Rites of the Established Church and of all Burials in Grounds provided under the Burial Acts:

And whereas it is expedient that all Burials in England be registered Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. All Burials in any Burial Ground in England which are not now by Law required All Burials to to be registered shall be registered in Register Books to be provided for each such Burial re8istered *

27 & 28 VICT.

3 Q

Ground

By whom Books to be kept.

Copies of Registers to be sent to Registrar of Diocese.

Penalty for Failure to comply with Act.

Registers to be Evidence.

Registers to be subject to Regulations of 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 86. as to Searches, &c.

As to " Burial Ground."

[Short Title.]

23 & 24 Vict. c. 78.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 97, 98.

Ground by the Company, Body, or Persons to whom the same belongs, and to be kept for that Purpose according to the Laws in force by which Registers are required to be kept by Rectors, Vicars, or Curates of Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts in England.

2. Such Register Books shall be so kept for every such Burial Ground by some Officer or Person to be appointed to that Duty by the Company, Body, or Persons to whom such Burial Ground belongs.

3. Copies of the Register Books kept under this Act for every such Burial Ground shall be from Time to Time made, verified* and signed by such Officer or Person as aforesaid, and sent by him to the Registrar of the Diocese wherein the Burial Ground to which the same relates is situate, to be kept with the Copies of the Register Books of the Parishes within such Diocese.

4. If any such Company, Body, or Persons, or any such Officer or Person as aforesaid wilfully fail to comply with any of the Provisions of this Act, they or he shall be guilty of an Offence against this Act, and on summary Conviction thereof before a Justice of the Peace shall be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

5. The Register Books kept under this Act, or Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, shall be received in all Courts as Evidence of the Burials entered therein.

6. The Register Books kept under this Act shall, as to Searches therein and Copies thereof and Extracts therefrom, be subject to the Regulations of the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of King William the Fourth (Chapter Eighty-six)," for u registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Englandso far as those Regulations relate to Register Books of Burials kept by Rectors, Vicars, or Curates.

7. In this Act the Term " Burial Ground" includes a Vault or other Place where any Body is buried.

8. This Act may be cited as The Registration of Burials Act, 1864.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for extending the Provisions of "The Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860." [29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years p of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-eight, and herein-after ' referred to as " The Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860," the Employment of c Women, Young Persons, and Children in the Process of finishing any Yarn or Cloth of c Cotton, Wool, Silk, or Flax, or any of them, or any Mixture of them, or any Yaro or ' Cloth of any other Material or Materials, is placed under the Regulations of the Acts 6 therein recited, and generally known and herein-after referred to as the Factory Acts, in 1 Cases where the said Process is carried on in Bleaching and Dyeing Works in which ' Steam, Water, or other mechanical Power is used: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the same Reign, Chapter r Thirty-eight, the Provisions of the said Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860, are r extended to the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children in Calendering: and Finishing Works in which Steam, Water, or other mechanical Power is used: And: whereas the Process of Finishing is carried on in other Works besides those specified in: the said Acts, and as so carried on is attended with the same Evils to the Health of the Women, Young Persons, and Children employed as in the above-mentioned Works: And whereas it is expedient that the Process of Finishing, wheresoever earned on, should be regulated in the same Manner as it is regulated in the above-mentioned Works, and that

483

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 98, 99.

the Provisions of the Factory Acts should also be extended to the Employment of Women, i Young Persons, and Children in the Processes of Hooking or Lapping, or Making-up and Packing:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. After the passing of this Act, all such Provisions of the said Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act, 1860, as are now in force, shall apply to Women, Young Persons, and Children employed for Hire in any Building or Premises whatever in the Processes of Finishing, Hooking, or Lapping, or of Making-up and Packing, any Yarn or Cloth of Cotton, Wool, Silk, or Flax, or any of them, or any Mixture of them, or any Yarn or Cloth of any other Material or Materials, or any of such Processes; and in the Construction of the said Bleaching Act of 1860, and the Acts therein recited, "Bleaching Works" and "Dyeing Works " and "Factory" shall include any Buildings or Premises in which the said Processes or any of them are carried on: Provided always, that this Act shall not apply to any Building or Premises in which all the Persons employed are Males over the Age of Fourteen Years; provided also, that in Buildings and Premises within this Act the Owner or Owners may from Time to Time, by Notice to be given in Writing to the Inspector, elect what shall be the Working Hours in such Buildings and Premises, so as that the total Number of Hours during which Females, Young Persons, and Children may be lawfully employed in any One Day or Week, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, be not exceeded, and so as the Working Hours elected be between Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, or Seven in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, or Eight in the Morning and Eight in the Evening.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the u Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act Extension Act, 1864."

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend the Procedure of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Procedure in the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland, and to make Provision for the better Execution of the Decrees and Orders of such

Courts Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisions of this Act shall come into operation on the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864."

3. In the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Force and Meaning hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or

Context repugnant thereto:

The Word "Person " or " Party " shall extend to and include any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whether aggregate or sole, and any public Company:

The Word " Lands " shall include Houses, Messuages, and Tenements, and Premises, whether corporeal or incorporeal; and the Word " Premises " shall include Lands, Houses, and Tenements, corporeal or incorporeal:

The Word "County" shall extend to and include a County of a City, a County of a Town, a Town, a City, a Borough, and a Riding of a County:

Extension of Bleaching and Dyeing Works Act.

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

484

Decrees of the Civil Bill Courts to be executed by the Sheriffs and their Bailiffs.

Sheriffs to appoint Assistant Bailiffs.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

The Word "Decree" shall include a Dismiss, or any Renewal of a Decree or Dismiss, or any Order of the Civil Bill Courts for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant, or any " Order" for, or u Writ of Restitution," issuing out of or awarded by such Courts: The Word " Defendant" shall mean also the Person or Party whose Body, Goods, or Chattels may be liable to be taken under any Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, or Order of the Civil Bill Courts:

The Word " Bailiff" shall mean any Bailiff duly appointed by the Sheriff under and in pursuance of this Act, and shall include any Person assisting the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or such Bailiff, with the Authority and in the Presence of such Sheriff *, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff, in the Execution of any Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, Order, Writ, or Warrant of the Civil Bill Courts:

The Expression et Civil Bill Court" shall mean the Court for the hearing of Civil Bill Causes held in the several Counties of Ireland:

The Expressions " Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions," " Chairman of the County," and " Chairman " shall include the Judge of the Court for hearing Civil Bill Causes for such County, and shall extend to and include the Recorders of the City of Dublin and City of Cork, and the Recorder of any City, Borough, or Town in Ireland, under the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, and their Deputies, lawfully appointed:

The Expression " Clerk of the Peace " shall include the Acting or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, Registrar, or other Officer of the County or Recorders Courts, lawfully discharging the Duties of a Clerk of the Peace, either in a County, County of a City, or County of a Town:

The Word " Sheriff" shall include the " Under Sheriff;" and in Borough Civil Bill Courts, where an Officer of such Courts, and not the Sheriff, has now by Law the Execution of the Decrees of such Courts, shall include and mean such Officer:

The Expression " Process of the Court " shall include any Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, Order, or Writ, or other Proceeding of the Civil Bill Courts:

The Word " Plaintiff" shall include, in addition to the Plaintiff in any Decree, such Person as may by any Decree, Order, or Writ of the Civil Bill Court be entitled to receive the Possession of any Land, Chattel, or Money:

The Expression " Lord Lieutenant " shall include the Lords Justices of Ireland.

4. All Decrees of the Civil Bill Courts signed before the Commencement of this Act, and remaining unexecuted, and all Decrees of such Courts hereafter to be signed by the Chairman of the several Counties of Ireland, shall be executed by the Sheriffs of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and of Towns respectively, or by their Bailiffs appointed under this Act, and by no other Persons; and the said Sheriffs shall be entitled to receive all Fees, and Sums of Money allowed by this Act in the Name of Fees, payable to the Sheriffs, out of which they shall provide for the Execution of the Duties for which such Fees are allowed, and for the Payment of the Bailiffs appointed to assist them under this Act; and every such Sheriff shall, save as herein-after otherwise specially provided, be responsible for his own Acts and Defaults, and for the Acts and Defaults of his Bailiffs in the Execution of the Duties imposed on him by this Act, as the Sheriff of any County in Ireland is responsible for his Acts and Defaults, and for the Acts and Defaults of his Officers in the Execution of any Writ or Process out of the Superior Courts in Ireland: Provided that whenever the Sheriff shall be a Party in any Proceeding by Civil Bill, and that any Decree shall be made therein against him, the Chairman shall appoint a Special Bailiff to execute such Decree, and the Precept of the Clerk of the Peace shall be directed to such Special Bailiff, who shall be entitled to receive the Bailiff's Fees for executing the same.

5. The. Sheriff of each County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland shall, within One Week after the Commencement of this Act, and from Time to Time thereafter as Occasion shall require, appoint, by Writing under his Hand, a sufficient Number of Persons resident within the County, and One at least of whom shall be resident within each Quarter Sessions District thereof, to be Bailiffs to assist the said Sheriff in the Execution of the Duties imposed on him by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff,

at

485

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

at his Pleasure, to dismiss all or any of such Bailiffs, and appoint others or additional Bailiffs as he shall see fit: Provided that the Appointment of such Bailiffs shall not be vacated by the Death or Removal from Office of the Sheriff* but the Acts of such. Bailiffs done after the Death or Removal of the Sheriff until the Appointment of the succeeding Sheriff shall be as valid as if such Sheriff had not died or been removed: Provided always, that no Action or other Proceeding shall be taken against any Sheriff for any Act, Neglect, or Omission in respect of the Provisions of this Act after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Day on which the succeeding Sheriff shall be sworn into Office.

6. The Chairman shall have Power to fine any of the Bailiffs appointed to execute Civil Bill Decrees for Neglect or Misconduct in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress on the Goods and Chattels of such Bailiffs.

7. The Name and the Place of Abode of every Bailiff* to be so appointed from Time to Time by the Sheriff, and of every Bailiff who may be so dismissed or suspended as aforesaid, shall be published immediately after the Date of such Appointment, Suspension, or Dismissal, in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated within the County, and shall be returned to the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of such County, and shall be otherwise promulgated by the Sheriff, in such Manner as to the Chairman of the County shall seem expedient; and a List of the Bailiffs for the Time being shall be at all Times posted and kept open for public Inspection in the Office of the Under Sheriff and in every Quarter Sessions Court House and in every Petty Sessions Room in the County.

8. On every Civil Bill Decree to be signed after the Commencement of this Act there shall be printed, either at the Foot or on the Back thereof, a true Copy of the Fees payable to the Sheriff for executing Decrees, and to the Keepers for the Charge of the Goods seized, as specified in Part II. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, and also a Copy of the Sixteenth Section of this Act.

9. If a Judge of a Superior Court shall be satisfied that a Party against whom Judgment for an Amount exceeding Twenty Pounds, exclusive of Costs, has been obtained in a Civil Bill Court has no Goods or Chattels which can he conveniently taken to satisfy such Judgment, he may, if he shall think fit, and on such Terms as to Costs ns he may direct, order a Writ of Certiorari to issue to remove the Judgment of the Civil Bill Court into One of the Superior Courts, and when removed it shall have the same Force and Effect and the same Proceedings may be had thereon as in the Case of a Judgment of such Superior Court, but no Action shall be brought upon such Judgment.

10. The Warrant to be added to all Civil Bill Decrees to be executed after the Commencement of this Act, whether such Decrees shall have been signed before or shall be signed after the Commencement of this Act, shall, instead of the Form to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's Nomination as heretofore used, be in the Form following, or as near thereto as may be:

County of \ T authorize and empower A.B. of and C.D. of,

i to wit. J 1 Bailiffs, or either of them, and their Assistants, to execute the above

s Decree.

Given unde? my Hand and Seal, this Day of 186 .

A.il/., Sheriff of the said County.

The Sum to be levied hereunder is £

L.M., Sheriff. '

And such Warrants shall not be addressed to any other Persons than the Bailiffs to be appointed by the Sheriffs in pursuance of this Act: Provided that such Warrant, if duly signed by the then Sheriff, shall, whilst such Decree shall remain in force, be a sufficient Authority for the Execution of the same, notwithstanding that such Sheriff* may have died or been removed from Office, and that such Warrant shall not have been signed by his Successor; but no such Warrant shall be in force after the Dismissal or Suspension of the Bailiff to whom same is directed, but such Dismissal or Suspension shall be a Revocation of such Warrant.

11. There

Chairman may fine Bailiffs for Neglect or Misconduct.

Names of Bailiffs to be published.

Particulars of

Fees, 8cc. to be printed on Decrees.

Judge may order W n t of Certiorari to remove Judgment of Civil Bill Coart into Superior Court,

Form of Warrant for Execution of Decree.

486

Fees to be taken by Sheriffs according to the Schedule (B.)

Party demanding Execution to lodge Certificate of Sum due.

Sheriff to levy only for Sum stated.

Sheriff to receive the Poundage Fees on a Levy upon the Goods of a Party.

Fee to Sheriff from Party demanding Execution against the Body of a Party.

Decree to be executed within Two Months,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

11. There shall be payable to the Sheriffs of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and of Towns, for the Performance of the Duties imposed on them by this Act, the Fees specified in respect of such Duties in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, and no other Fees; and a Table of such Fees shall be placed and maintained in some conspicuous Place in every Court-house where Civil Bill Causes shall be heard, and in the Offices of the Under Sheriffs and of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties; and the Grand Jury of every County are hereby required, at any Assizes to be held in and for such County, without previous Application to Presentment Sessions, to present the reasonable and actual Expenses of preparing, exposing, and maintaining such Table of Fees to be raised off such County, and to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace.

12. No Sheriff shall, for executing any Decree, demand or receive Fees on any larger Sum than shall be certified in Writing to be justly due thereon by the Party on whose Behalf such Execution shall be demanded, or his Attorney, known Agent, or Receiver; and the Party demanding such Execution shall, when he shall so demand the same, lodge with the Sheriff, either by delivering the same at the Office of the Under Sheriff in the Town in which such Office shall be kept, to the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Clerk in charge of such Office, or by sending the same through the General Post Office in a Letter duly registered according to the Regulations of the Post Office, and addressed to the Sheriff at the Office of such Under Sheriff, a Certificate under his Hand, or under the Hand of his Attorney or known Agent or Receiver, stating the Sum then claimed to be due on Foot of such Decree, after all equitable Deductions, which Certificate shall be filed in the Office of the said Under Sheriff, and the Sum therein stated shall be entered in the " Decree and Order Book " herein-after mentioned, and also at the Foot of the Decree when delivered for Execution, for which the Fee of Sixpence shall be paid to the Sheriff by the Party demanding such Execution.

13. No Sheriff shall levy for any greater Sum than shall be entered at the Foot of the Decree, together with the Poundage Fees on the Sum so entered, or on such Portion thereof as shall be actually levied, with the Keeper's Fees, according to the Scale specified in Part II. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and no Decree shall be executed at the Foot of which such Entry shall not have been made as aforesaid; and if the Party at whose Suit such Execution shall be demanded, or his Attorney, Agent, or Receiver, shall neglect or omit to deliver such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall appear to have wilfully and maliciously overcharged in such Certificate the Party against whom such Execution shall issue, the Party at whose Suit such Execution shall be demanded shall be liable to an Action for Damages at the Suit of the Party aggrieved.

14. Upon every Levy under a Decree by Execution against the Goods of a Party, the Sheriff shall and may, after such Execution executed, demand and take therefor the Poundage Fees mentioned in that Behalf in Part II. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, on the Sum stated to be due by the Entry at Foot of such Decree, if levied, and in addition thereto, or if the Goods taken shall not amount in Value to the Sum stated in such Entry, then on so much only as he shall levy, and which in such Case he shall be entitled to retain out of the Sum levied by him, paying the Balance to the Party demanding such Execution.

15. Upon every Warrant for Execution under a Decree against the Body of a Party there shall be payable to the Sheiiff the Fee specified in that Behalf in Part II. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, to be paid by the Party by whom such Execution shall be demanded on or before the Delivery of the Decree to the Sheriff for Execution, and in default of such Payment the Sheriff may refuse to execute the same; and such Fee shall not be chargeable against the Party against whom such Execution shall be issued: Provided that if the Party against whom such Warrant shall be issued shall not be arrested within Two Months from the Delivery of such Decree to the Sheriff, such Fee shall be returned by the Sheriff to the Person by whom the same shall have been paid.

16. The Sheriff shall, unless where otherwise directed in Writing by the Party delivering the same, execute every Decree delivered to him as aforesaid, and pay over the Proceeds

thereof

27° &. 28° VICTORIA, c. 99. 487

thereof to the Party on whose Behalf Execution shall be demanded, or his Attorney thereto or retorned,

lawfully authorized, with all Expedition, and at the latest within Two Calendar Months

after the said Decree shall be delivered to him for Execution; and if the Sheriff'shall within Keasons for ita

the said Period of Two Months be unable, from sufficient legal Causes, to execute the said Non-execution.

Decree, he shall, at the Expiration of the said Period, if required so to do by the Party

who shall have delivered the same to him for Execution, or his Attorney thereto lawfully

authorized, return the Decree to such Party or to his Attorney, and state in Writing on the Back thereof the Cause of the Non-execution of such Decree, by which Statement the

Sheriff shall be bound in any Proceeding taken against him for Neglect of Duty: Provided

that if the Sheriff shall execute any Decree before the Expiration of the said Period of Two

Months, nothing herein contained shall authorize him to retain the Proceeds so levied until the Expiration of such Period; and provided further, that nothing herein contained shall

prevent the Sheriff from executing any Decree after the Expiration of Two Months from its

Delivery to him for Execution, so long as the said Decree shall be in force.

17. Any Sheriff or Under Sheriff or any Bailiff empowered to execute a Decree, or any Penalty on Assistant of such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff, or any Keeper, who shall demand or receive from any Person, on or in respect of the Execution of such Decree, any Money living other or Gratuity other than the Poundage Fees legally payable on the Execution thereof as in than the Fees this Act mentioned, and the Keeper's Fees, in case of a Seizure of Goods thereunder, as allowed* specified in Part II. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or who shall knowingly permit or suffer any one on his Behalf to receive the same, shall be liable to pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to any Person who may sue for the same by Civil Bill.

18. If any Bailiff, or any Person assisting such Bailiff, acting under a Decree of a Civil Bailiff extort-

Bill Court, or under colour of the Process of such Court, shall extort any Money, Security of a

for Money, Chattel, or other Thing, such Person so offending shall be guilty of a Mis- w emeanor' demeanor, punishable by a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or by Imprisonment not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, with or without Hard Labour, or by both Fine and Imprisonment; and in any Indictment for such Offences it shall only be necessary to aver

that the Party charged with the Offence was a Bailiff of the Civil Bill Court of the particular County, or a Person assisting such Bailiff, and that under or under colour of the Process of such Civil Bill Court he did extort Money, or a Security for Money, or some Chattel, as the Case may be.

19. All Decrees for the Possession of Land, and all Orders made by any Judge of Assize Sheriff or his

upon Appeal from any Decree relating to the Possession of Land, and under which the

Possession of Land may be given or taken, shall be executed by the Sheriff of the County i^tesfor in which the said Lands or any Part of them are situated, or by his Bailiffs, and by no Possessioa of other Person, and the Sheriff shall himself or by his Bailiffs execute such Decrees and Lftnd *

Orders within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been delivered to him for Execution, unless otherwise directed by the Party delivering the same, and such Decree

or Order shall justify the Sheriff or his Bailiffs in entering upon the Premises named therein, with such Assistants as he or they shall deem necessary, and in taking and giving possession thereof accordingly; and in every Decree for the Possession of Land the Sheriff shall be commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession of the same; and the Warrant to be annexed to every such Decree shall be in the Form following, or as near thereto as may be:

County of IT authorize and empower 15. of and C.D. of,

to wit. j A Bailiffs, or either of them, and their Assistants, to execute the above

* c Decree.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of 18

(Seal.) L.M.y Sheriff of said County. '

Provided always, that no Entry shall be made upon any Premises under any Decree or Order for the Purpose of taking possession thereof except between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, and no such Entry shall be made On a Sunday,

Good Friday, or Christmas Day; and whenever the Sheriff shall be a Party to any Ejectment by Civil Bill, the Decree for Possession in such Proceeding shall not be executed by

Under Sheriff to keep " Ejectment " and " Decree and Order" Books.

Proceedings on lodging Civil Bill Decree for Execution.

Outgoing Sheriff to give a List of Decrees, &c. remaining unexecuted to his Successor.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

the Sheriff, but such Decree or Order as herein-before mentioned shall be directed to a Special Bailiff, to be named by the Chairman of the County, who shall be commanded to execute the same, and no other Person shall execute the same; and such Special Bailiff shall have all the Powers and Authority hereby conferred on the Sheriff for giving or taking possession under any Decree or any such Order of a Judge of Assize on Appeal.

20. The Under Sheriff of each County shall enter in a Book, to be kept by him for that Purpose, to be called the " Ejectment Book," the several Decrees in Ejectment which shall be delivered to the Sheriff for Execution, specifying the Names of the Parties therein, the Names of the Lands and the Barony in which the same are situated, the Date of the Decree, and the Date at which the same wras delivered to him for Execution, and in Cases for the Nonpayment of Kent the Sum ascertained by such Decree as due for Rent, and shall state in the said Book the Time when such Decree shall have been executed, or if not executed the Cause of the Non-execution thereof; and the Under Sheriff shall also keep a Book, to be called the Decree and Order Book," in which lie shall enter the several Decrees, other than those last mentioned, given to the Sheriff for Execution, specifying the Names of the Parties therein, the Sums due on Foot thereof, as stated by the Person delivering the same, and the precise Time and Hour at which such Decrees were delivered to him for Execution, such Time and Hour of Delivery to be in all Cases endorsed by him on the said Decrees, and shall enter in the said Book the Time at which the said Decrees were executed, and the Sum (if any) and Poundage Fees levied or received thereunder, and if such Decrees shall not have been executed the Cause of the Non-execution thereof; and when more than One Decree shall be given to him for Execution against the same Person, the Sheriff shall execute such Decrees in the Order of Time in which the same shall have been respectively delivered to him; and whenever the Sheriff shall not execute any such Decree in Ejectment, he shall endorse on such Decree the Reason w by the same was not so executed, and shall, at the Request of the Plaintiff or such other Person as may be entitled to demand the same from him, deliver back such Decree to the Plaintiff or such other Person, when required by him so to do; and the Under Sheriff shall produce the said Books for the Inspection of the Chairman of the County, or of the Clerk of the Peace, whenever he shall be required by the said Chairman or by the Clerk of the Peace, after reasonable Notice so to do.

21. On any Civil Bill Decree being lodged for Execution, the Person receiving the same for the Sheriff shall give to the Person lodging the same a certified Copy of the Entry made by him in his u Ejectment Book " or " Decree and Order Book."

22. The Sheriff of every County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall, within One Week after the Expiration of his Term of Office, deliver to the succeeding Sheriff a correct List under his Hand of all Decrees and other Processes in his Possession not wholly executed by him, with all such Particulars as shall be necessary to explain to the succeeding Sheriff the several Matters intended to be transferred to him, and shall thereupon transfer to the succeeding Sheriff all such Decrees and Processes, and all Records, Books, and Matters connected with the Civil Bill Court of such County, and relating to his Duties under this Act; and the succeeding Sheriff shall thereupon sign and give a Duplicate of such List to the Sheriff retiring from Office, to whom the same shall be a sufficient Discharge from the further Execution of the Decrees, Processes, and other Matters therein contained; and the succeeding Sheriff shall thereupon stand charged writli the Execution and Care of the said Decrees, Processes, and other Matters contained in the said List, as fully and effectually ns if such Decrees and Processes had been made over to him by Indenture and Schedule; and if any Sheriff shall refuse or neglect, on the Expiration of his Term of Office, to deliver such List within such Period as aforesaid, or shall w'ilfully make out an untrue or incorrect List, or shall refuse or neglect to transfer such Decrees and Processes, Records, Books, and Matters, in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Chairman of the County, on Complaint made to him in Court by the incoming Sheriff as to any of the said Matters, after Notice given to such outgoing Sheriff Six clear Days before such Application, and upon Proof of such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid in any of* such Particulars, to fine the said outgoing Sheriff in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and every such outgoing Sheriff so neglecting or refusing to perform any of the Particulars aforesaid shall be further liable

to

489

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

to make such Satisfaction, by Damages and Costs, to the Party aggrieved thereby, as he, she, or they shall sustain by such Neglect or Refusal, such Damages to be recovered in the ordinary Way by Process in the Civil Bill Court, and not elsewhere.

23. The Sheriff of each County in Ireland and his Bailiffs shall have in the Execution of the Decrees of the Civil Bill Court of such County all the Powers, Privileges, and Rights which the Sheriffs of the several Counties in Ireland have or are entitled to in the Execution of all Writs delivered to them for Execution out of the Superior Courts in Ireland; and all Constables and other Peace Officers within their several Jurisdictions, and all and every other Person or Persons whom the Sheriff of the County would be entitled to call upon to assist him in the Execution of any Writ, shall to the same Extent be liable to assist the Sheriff in the Execution of any Decree of the Civil Bill Courts.

24. When a Writ against the Goods of a Party shall have issued from a Superior Court, and a Decree against the Goods of the same Party shall have issued from the Civil Bill Court, and been lodged for immediate Execution, the Priority of Right to the Goods seized under such Writ and Decree shall be determined by the Priority of the Delivery of such Writ and Decree at the Office of the Under Sheriff in the Town in which such Office shall be kept under this Act.

25. The Sheriff or his Bailiffs, in executing any Decree of the Civil Bill Court, shall not be deemed Trespassers by reason of any Irregularity or Informality in the Form of such Decree, or in the Mode of executing it, but the Party aggrieved may proceed for the special Damage which he may have actually sustained by such Irregularity or Informality against the Sheriff or the Bailiff guilty thereof.

26. Whosoever shall, by Violence to, or Threat of Violence to, or Restraint of the Person of any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff when executing any Civil Bill Decree, or by Force, compel or induce such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff to abandon any Seizure of the Body or Goods of any Person previously made by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff while in the Execution of such Decree, or who shall rescue or attempt to rescue the Body or Goods of any Person taken under a Civil Bill Decree by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Bailiff, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon Conviction thereof shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months, with or without Hard Labour.

27. The Under Sheriff of each County, or his Deputy duly appointed by him in Writing, shall attend every Sitting of the Civil Bill Court of such County, except when his Absence shall be allowed by the Chairman, and shall in the Execution of his Duties conform to all such General Rules as shall be from Time to Time made for regulating the Proceedings of the Court as herein-after provided, and, subject thereto, to the Orders and Directions of the Chairman.

28. No Goods or Cattle which shall be taken in Execution under any Decree of a Civil Bill Court shall be sold until after the End of Three clear Days at least next following the Day on which such Goods or Cattle shall have been so taken, unless such Goods be of a perishable Nature, or upon the Request in Writing of the Party whose Goods or Cattle shall have been so taken; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff from Time to Time to appoint such Persons as he shall think proper for keeping possession of Goods or Cattle so taken in Execution; and the Sheriff shall be entitled to receive out of the Proceds of the Sale of all Goods or Cattle taken in Execution, and sold by him or by his Bailiffs, a Sum of Money for the Expenses of the Bailiffs or Persons in charge of the Property taken (if such Property shall remain in their Charge), over the Amount entered at Foot of the Decree, at the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for each Bailiff or Person for every Twenty-four Hours or any fractional Part of such Period that he shall be so in charge, together with such Sum, if any, as he shall actually incur in the Sustenance and Keep of such Cattle: Provided always, that the Number of Bailiffs or Persons for whom the said Sheriff may so charge shall not exceed Two, and the Length of Time for which he shall so charge shall not exceed Five Days; and the said Cattle or Goods shall be sold by public Cant to the highest and best Bidder, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon

27 & 28 Vict. 3 R on

Sheriffs, in Execution of Decrees, to have the same Powers as

High Sheriffs, &c.

Priority of Executions issuing out of Superior Court and Civil Bill Court.

Execution not to be unlawful by reason of anylrregularity in the Mode of executing it

Rescuing Goods, or assaulting Sheriff or Bailiff in the Execution of their Duty, a Misdemeanor.

Under Sheriff to attend the Civil Bill Court

Regulates the Sale of Goods taken in Execution.

490

As to Interest in Land.

Power of Under Sheriff or Bailiff to sell by Auction Goods taken in Execution.

Provides for the Appointment of a Deputy Under Sheriff as to the Duties of the Civil Bill Court, in case of Illness, &c. of Under Sheriff

Execution to be superseded on Payment of Debt and Costs.

Clerks of Peace to retain a Poundage on the Fees lodged with them for the Account of the Sheriffs.

General Power of Appeal in all Proceedings under this Act

Judpe of Assize may state Case for

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

on such Day after such Third Day as aforesaid, and at such Place, as the Sheriff or his Bailiffs shall appoint, first causing Notice in Writing, entitled in the Cause, of the Time and Place intended for such Sale to be posted up Two clear Days previous thereto in the Market Town next to the Place of such intended Sale at the uspal Place for posting public Notices there.

29. It shall not be lawful to seize or sell under any Civil Bill Execution any Term for Years, or any Estate or Interest in Lands.

30. The Under Sheriff or any of his Bailiffs shall have Authority to sell Goods taken in Execution by him or by the Sheriff or any Bailiff, without the Assistance of a Licensed Auctioneer: Provided always, that the Sheriff shall be answerable for the proper Care and Sale of the Goods so taken, to the same Extent as Sheriffs in Ireland are answerable for the Care and Sale of Goods taken in Execution by them under Writs out of the Superior Courts.

31. In case of the Death of any Under Sheriff, or of the Inability of any Under Sheriff to perform the Duties imposed on him by this Act from Illness or other Cause, the High Sheriff of such County shall forthwith appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Under Sheriff or Deputy Under Sheriff for the Execution of the Duties of the Civil Bill Court required by this Act, whose Name shall be returned to the Clerk of the Peace within Three Days from such Appointment: Provided that in the event of the High Sheriff being absent from Ireland, or otherwise unable to appoint such Deputy Under Sheriff, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland to appoint a fit and proper Person to act as such Under or Deputy Under Sheriff in reference to the Duties of such Civil Bill Court until such Appointment shall be made by the High Sheriff for the Time being, or any Successor to be duly appointed in his Place.

32. If the Party against whom an Execution under a Civil Bill Decree shall be

issued shall, before an actual Sale of his Goods seized thereunder, pay or tender or cause to be paid or tendered to the Sheriff, or to the Bailiff employed to execute the Decree, the Amount specified to be levied at the Foot of such Decree, or such Part thereof as the Person entitled thereto shall agree to accept in full or in part Payment of his Debt, together with the lawful Poundage Fees and Charges to the Bailiffs or Keepers in care of the same, the Execution of the said Decree shall be superseded or suspended, as the Case may be, for such Time as the Person issuing such Execution shall direct, and the Goods of, the said Party shall be released; and any Person taken into Custody under any such Decree who shall have satisfied the Sum stated in the Entry at Foot thereof, or such Portion thereof six agreed to be accepted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from Custody, but shall be liable to^e again taken for the Residue, if any, which shall remain dne on such Decree, provided such Residue shall, exclusive of the Costs of such Decree, exceed Ten Pounds.

33. And whereas it is fit that the Clerks of the Peace should be indemnified for the Trouble and Responsibility imposed on them by this Act in receiving the Fees mentioned 1 in Part I. of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed for the Account of the Sheriff on the Entry of Processes for Hearing, and issuing the Decrees of the Civil Bill Court Be it enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace, when acting in persoiK or if not so acting, then the Deputy or acting Clerk of the Peace, shall be at liberty to retain for their own Use One Penny out of each Shilling to be so paid to them for the Accpunt of the Sheriff on the Entry of Processes for Hearing and on issuing said Decrees.

34. In any Case where a Party shall be dis-satisfied with ti^e Judgment or Decree of the Chairman in respect of any Proceedings instituted by virtue ol^this Act, it shall be lawful for such Party to appeal against such Judgment or Decree in lif^e Manner, and upon the like Terms and Stipulations, as Appeals in other Cases are allowed to be brought under the Acts now in force relating to Proceedings by Civil Bill.

35. It shall be lawful for any Judge of Assize, upon the Trial of fcny Appeal, to direct a Special Case to be stated for the Opinion of a Superior Court of Common Law in Ireland

ID

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 49J

in case any Question of Law shall arise before him on the Trial of any Appeal which Opinion of in his Judgment may be proper to be decided by a Superior Court of Common Law, and the Case when stated shall be signed by the Judge, and the Appellant shall lodge the Case, and take all other necessary Steps to have the Case set down for Hearing before One of the said Superior Courts of Common Law within such Time as any General Rule to be made as herein-after provided shall require, and in default of his so doing the Decree shall stand affirmed with Costs, unless on special Application the Judge shall otherwise order.

36. The several Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland are hereby empowered to Courts of hear and determine such Special Cases when submitted to them, and for that Purpose

they shall severally have and exercise all the Powers vested by this or any other Act in the £ear and deter-Judge of Assize in respect of said Cases, and on said Cases the Decision made by any mine such Superior Court of Common Law shall be final and conclusive. Cases.

37. Any Superior Court of Common Law before whom any Case may be pending may Special Case

direct said Case to be amended by Consent of the Parties, or on the Certificate of the Judge J

who signed said Case. amended-

38. The Judges of the Queen's Bench in Ireland shall, as soon as may be convenient Judges to make after the passing of this Act, make Rules and Regulations, and may from Time to Time Bales.

alter and amend said Rules and Regulations, for the Hearing and Disposal of all such Special Cases as nmy be stated by a Judge of Assize for the Decision of a Superior Court of Common Law, and for regulating the Costs of said Proceedings, and for directing when and where such Cases shall be lodged, and for providing that all such Cases shall be distributed in Rotation among the Three Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

39. In addition to any Costs now by Law recoverable from any unsuccessful Party on Cost of Special an Appeal, it shall be lawful to recover from such Party such additional Costs as may Case.

be awarded by the Court by whom the Special Case shall be decided, not exceeding in any Case the Costs to be fixed by any General Rule as aforesaid. 1

40. No Action or other Proceeding shall be brought in the Superior Courts of Common No Suit to be Law in Ireland upon any Decree of any Civil Bill Court; but nothing herein contained brought in the shall be deemed to repeal or alter the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Sections of the Act courts°on a passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, civil Bill for filing and enrolling, as Judgments of the Superior Courts, Civil Bill Decrees for the Decree, &c. Recovery of Poor Rates.

41. It shall not be lawful for any Person who shall have obtained a Judgment in any of No Civil Bill

the Superior Courts at Law, or a Decree or Order of any Petty Sessions Court, in Ireland, to be brought

to sue by Civil Bill in Ireland upon such Judgment, Decree, or Order, nor to proceed by SSSJJtor Decree

Civil Bill for the Recovery of any Money which was the Subject of the Suit upon which of a Supe-

such Judgment, Decree, or Order was obtained. nor or Petty

° Session Court.

42. And whereas Provision is not made in the Act passed in the Fourteenth and Amending the

Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, Section Fifty, for the Time within both Section of which Executors and Administrators should lodge the Accounts and Schedules in the l£ Vict said Section of the said Act mentioned Be it enacted, That such Executor or Adminis- directing the trator shall lodge with the Clerk of the Peace such Schedule or Schedules or Accounts Time within within One Calendar Month after he shall have been called on in Writing to do so by ^o^ccounts any Person entitled to demand that the same should be lodged as in that Section named, should be or within such other Time as the Court shall order; and in default of his so doing, lodged, if no sufficient Cause shall be shown for such Default, such Executor or Administrator shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as in the said Section of the said Act is mentioned.

43. The Chairman of the County, upon Application on Affidavit by either Party in a Chairman may Suit depending before him, may, if he shall think fit so to do, issue an Order under his Hand and Seal for bringing up before the Civil Bill Court any Prisoner or Person confined in any a°Pr^iSr toUP Gaol, .Prison, or Place within his County to be examined as a Witness in any Cause or give Evidence.

Chairman may renew Decree in Ejectment within Six Months, if Possession unlawfully taken by the Defendants.

Affidavits to be used in Civil Bill Courts may be sworn before particular Persons out of Sessions.

Affidavit of Landlord or Agent admissible in Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent

Power to Chairman to adjourn Case to another Division.

Power of Amendment

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Matter depending before such Court; and the Person so required to be brought before such Court shall be brought under the same Custody and shall be dealt with in all respects as a Prisoner required by any Writ of Habeas Corpus awarded by any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Dublin to be brought before such Court to be examined as a Witness is now by Law required to be brought and dealt with: Provided always, that the Person having the Custody of such Prisoner or Person shall not be bound to obey such Order unless a reasonable Sum be tendered to him for the Conveyance of a proper Officer or Officers, and of the Prisoner or Person, in going to and returning from such Court, such Sum to be Part of the Witness's Expenses incident to the Hearing of the Cause, unless otherwise ordered by the Chairman; provided also, that no Person confined in a County or City Gaol shall be brought up under any such Order to any other Place than to the Court House of such County Town, or City or Town where such Gaol is situated.

44. Where a Decree for the Possession of Lands shall have been pronounced by the Chairman of the County, and the Defendant in such Decree shall, after the same shall have been executed by the Sheriff, and within Six Calendar Months after the Execution of such Decree, unlawfully re-enter or take possession of the Lands mentioned therein, it shall be lawful for the Chairman, upon the Application of the Plaintiff therein, to renew such Decree for the Purpose of enabling the said Plaintiff to re-execute the same; provided that such Application shall be made at a Sessions to be held for the Division in which such Lands are situated of which such Possession shall have been unlawfully taken as aforesaid by the Defendant in any such Decree, such Renewal to be granted upon such Notice and in like Manner as Renewals of Decrees in ordinary Civil Bill Cases are now by Law authorized to be granted.

45. All Affidavits to be used in any Civil Bill Court in Ireland may be sworn before the Chairman of the County out of Quarter Sessions, and anywhere in Ireland, or before any Master Extraordinary in Chancery in England or Ireland, or any Commissioner for taking Affidavits in any of the Superior Courts at Westminster or Dublin; provided that all Affidavits taken as in this Section mentioned shall be filed as of Record in the Court where the same are intended to be used before the same shall be read, for the filing of which the Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to receive a Fee of Sixpence.

46. And whereas the Eighty-eighth Section of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth

Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, is repealed by the Act of the Twenty-third

and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and fifty-four, and it is i expedient to re-enact the Provisions of the said Section to such Extent as is herein-after next mentioned Be it enacted, That in all Proceedings by Civil Bill Ejectments for Nonpayment of Rent, where the Defendant shall not appear to defend the same, the Affidavit of the Landlord or Lessor, or his Agent or Receiver, for ascertaining the Amount of the Rent due, shall be admissible.

47. If the Chairman of the County shall be satisfied that any Suit pending by Civil Bill in his Court can be more conveniently tried in any other Division of his County than that to which it has been returned for Hearing, or if during the Hearing of any Suit it shall appear to the Chairman that it would meet the Ends of Justice to adjourn the further Hearing of the said Suit to some Town in another Division of the County, it shall be lawful for him to direct that such Case shall be heard in such other Division, or he may adjourn the Hearing of the same to any Town in such other Division; and any Decree made in such other Division shall in that Case have the same Effect as if the same were pronounced in the Division to which the Suit was originally returned for Hearing.

48. It shall be lawful for the Chairman of the Civil Bill Court, or any Judge of .Assize on Appeal, at all Times to amend all Processes by adding or striking out Parties, whether Plaintiffs or Defendants, and all other Defects and Errors in any Civil Bill Process or Notice, or other Proceeding of the Civil Bill Court, whether there may be anything in Writing to amend by or not; and all such Amendments may be made in such Manner as shall be thereby directed, and with or without Costs, and upon such Terms as to the said

Chairman

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Chairman or Judge shall seem fit; and all such Amendments as may be necessary for the Purpose of determining in any existing Suit the real Question in controversy between the Parties shall be so made; and when such Amendment shall be allowed, the Order for allowing the same, specifying the Amendment, shall be entered as of Record upon the Court Book of the Clerk of the Peace: Provided always, that no such Amendment shall be made if it shall appear to the Chairman or to the Judge of Assize on Appeal that the same is calculated to mislead and injuriously prejudice the opposite Party in the Merits of his Case.

49. If on the Trial of any Appeal to any Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, or to the Chairman of the County, against any Conviction or Order made or pronounced by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, any Objection shall be taken on account of any Omission or Mistake in the making or drawing up of such Conviction or Order, or any Variance between the Facts stated in such Conviction or Order and the Evidence adduced in support thereof, and it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the Court that sufficient Grounds were in Proof before the Justice or Justices making such Conviction or Order to have authorized the drawing up thereof free from the said Omission or Mistake, or that such Variance is in some Point not material to the Merits of the Case, it shall be lawful for the Court to amend such Conviction or Order on such Terms as it shall think fit, and to adjudicate thereupon as if no such Omission or Mistake or Variance had existed

493

Amendment of Orders or Convictions of Magistrates on Appeal

Power to take fresh Recognizances on Appeals, where those entered into may be defective in Form.

50. And whereas the Act now in force giving a Right of Appeal to the Courts of

General Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or the Chairman of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland,

frequently require a Recognizance or Recognizances to be entered into as a Condition of such Appeal, and Appellants are liable to be prevented from trying their Appeals upon (the Merits in consequence of Imperfections in the taking of such Recognizances:* Be it enacted, That where any Recognizance or Recognizances which shall have been entered into within the Time by Law required, before any Justice or Justices, for the Purpose of complying with any such Condition of Appeal, shall appear to the Court before which such Appeal is brought to have been insufficiently entered into, or to be otherwise defective or invalid, it shall be lawful for the Court, if it shall so think fit, to permit the Substitution of a new and sufficient Recognizance or new and sufficient Recognizances to be entered into before such Court, in the Place of such insufficient, defective, or invalid Recognizance or Recognizances, and for that Purpose to allow such Time, and make such Examination, and impose such Terms as to Payment of Costs to the Respondent or Respondents, as to such Court shall appear just and reasonable, and such substituted Recognizance or Recognizances shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been duly entered into at any earlier Time or Times as required by any Act or Acts now in force.

51. And for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous Appeal^ be it enacted, That any Power to give Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, upon Proof of Notice of any Appeal to

such Court having been given to the Clerk of the Petty Sessions Court, and such Recog- proceeded with.

nizance having been entered into as in " The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," is in

that Behalf mentioned, though such Appeal may not be afterwards prosecuted or entered,

or though Notice in Writing of the Intention of the Party to prosecute the same shall not

have been served Seven clear Days before the Commencement of said Sessions, as by said Act required, may, if it shall so think fit, at the Sessions for which such Notice of Appeal

was given, order to the Party receiving the same such Costs and Charges not exceeding

Forty Shillings as by the said Court shall be thought reasonable and just to be paid by the

Party giving such Notice, such Costs to be recoverable in the same Manner as the Costs in

ordinary Cases of Appeal are now by Law recoverable.

52. It shall be lawful for the Chairman of the County or Judge of Assize upon Appeal Expenses to be

to allow reasonable Expenses to any Person examined before him in any Proceeding by M

Civil Bill, and to tax and award against the unsuccessful Party in any such Proceeding the Chairman shall Expenses so allowed, not to exceed the Sum of Five Pounds to any One Witness. direct

53. Every

Process out of a County may be served by any Person, and -when served by a Process Officer of the County may be proved by Affidavit.

This Act incorporated with recited Acts.

Existing Decrees to remain in force, and to be executed with annexed Warrants, &c.

Original not necessary to be shown at Time of Service, &c.

Entries hi Clerk of the Peace's Book Evidence.

General Rules may be made from Time to Time.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

53. Every Process which shall be required to be served out of the County in which the Cause is to be heard may be served by the Process Officer of any Civil Bill Court or by any other Person; and when the Service of Process out of the County shall be made by a Process Officer of the County where such Service shall be made, such Service may be proved by Affidavit purporting to have been made before a Master Extraordinary in Chancery or any other Person now authorized by Law to take Affidavits; and the Fee for taking such Affidavit shall be One Shilling, and shall be Part of the Costs incident to the Civil Bill; and such Affidavit shall be filed with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the same shall be used as Evidence of Service, and before the Hearing of the Cause in which such Affidavit is intended to be used, and shall specify fully the Residence of the Parties served, and the Residence of the Person making such Affidavit, and the Manner in which Service was effected, for the filing whereof such Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to a Fee of Sixpence.

54. The Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors, and " The Landlord and Tenant Law Amendment Act, Ireland, 1860," shall, as to such of the Provisions of said Acts as relate to the Civil Bill Courts of Ireland, or any Proceeding therein, be incorporated with this Act, and shall, so far as the same are not inconsistent with this Act be read as if the said recited Acts (except such Parts thereof as have been repealed or amended by this Act) and this Act were One Act.

55. All Decrees and other Proceedings of every Nature and Kind obtained in any County Court in Ireland, and in force and unexecuted at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall, notwithstanding anything herein contained, remain and be in force so long as the same would have been in force and effect if this Act had not been passed, and may be executed with such Warrant annexed thereto as is by this Act directed.

56. So much of Section Sixty-five of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-seven, as requires the Original of a Civil Bill Process to be shown to the Party served with such Process, and so much of Section Sixty-six of said Act as requires, in the Case of Lodgers, that a Copy of the Process shall be posted on the usual Place for posting Notices on the nearest Police Barrack to the House in which the Defendant shall so lodge, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

57. In all Proceedings, Civil or Criminal, the Entry in the Clerk of the Peace's Book of a Decree or Dismiss shall be conclusive Evidence that a Decree or Dismiss between the Parties named in such Entry, and to the Purport and Effect mentioned therein, was pronounced by the Chairman of the County at the Sessions of which such Book shall purport to be the Record, and it shall not be necessary in any Case to produce the Decree or Dismiss signed by the Chairman.

58. It shall be lawful for the several Chairmen of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or for any Five of them, to be selected at a Meeting of the said Chairmen to be convened for that Purpose, to make and issue such General Orders, Rules, and Regulations as they shall think fit, from Time to Time and as often as may be deemed necessary, for regulating the Forms, Proceedings, and general Practice of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland, and from Time to Time to alter, vary, and annul any previous Order relating to the Practice of the said Courts, and to make any new or other Rule or Rules, Orders, and Regulations, in lieu thereof, 'provided that any such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall not be inconsistent with this Act, or any Act in force in Ireland relating to Civil Bills. Such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be submitted to the Chief Justice of Ireland for his Approval, and Copies of all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, when so approved, shall be transmitted to the Under Sheriffs and the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties in Ireland, to be by them kept and preserved in their Offices, and there to remain open at all Times to public Inspection; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, when approved by the said Chief Justice, shall be as binding as if they were contained in this Act.

59. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99. 495

59. The Schedules to this Act annexed shall be taken to be a Part of this Act; and Schedules to be the Forms herein contained, or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases to which they are applicable, and shall be good and sufficient for such

Cases.

60. From and after the Commencement of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Repeal of Acts Acts set forth in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, to the Extent to which such Parts of Acts or Parts of Acts are by Such Schedule expressed to be repealed, and every other schedule^C.) Act or Acts, or such Parts of every other Act or Acts, as shall be inconsistent with this Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except as to anything done before the Commencement of this Act, and except so far as any of the said Acts or Parts of Acts repeal any former Act or Part of an Act, and except so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Proceeding taken before the Commencement of this Act, and except as to the Recovery or Application of any Penalty for any Offence which shall have been committed before the Commencement of this Act.

61. No Under Sheriff, or any Person for his Use or Benefit, shall act as an Attorney Under Sheriff in any Cause or Proceeding to be heard or determined before any Chairman of any County shall not act as in Ireland; and if any such Under Sheriff, or any Person for his Use or Benefit, shall j^for the^ so act as ah Attorney in any such Cause or Proceeding, such Under Sheriff shall there- Chairman, upon forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person, within One Penalty, ioo£ Year after such Offence committed, by Action or Information in any of Her Majesty's

Courts of Record in Dublin.

62. The Under Sheriff for each County in Ireland shall at all Times have and keep Under Sheriff in the County Town of the County for which he shall be so appointed, or in such One office u^the of the Quarter Sessions Towns of the County as may be most convenient, and as may be County Town approved by the Chairman of Quarter Sessions, an Office for the Performance of his or in One of Duties under this Act, and such Office shall be kept open every Day in the Year (Sundays,

Christmas Day> and Good Friday only excepted) from Ten o'Clock in the Morning until

Three o'Clock in the Afternoon, such Office to be in the Charge of a Clerk to be appointed by such Under Sheriff, and the Delivery of every Decree or other Document to such Clerk shall be a Delivery to the said Under Sheriff, and the Application for a Return of a Decree to the said Clerk shall be an Application to the said Under Sheriff; and the said Under Sheriff shall keep in the said Office, and not elsewhere, the " Ejectment"

Book, and " Decree and Orders " Book in this Act mentioned.

63. All Decrees, Certificates, or other Documents in relation to any Matter under this Decrees and

Act may be delivered to the Sheriff, either by giving the same personally to the Sheriff, oth"Docu' Under Sheriff, or Clerk in charge of the Under Sheriff's Office in the County of which ^Urer^to the he is Under Sheriff at such Office, and not elsewhere, or by sending the same through Sheriff per-the General Post Office in a prepaid Letter, duly registered, and addressed to the Sheriff sonaijJ£ by or Under Sheriff, at the Office of the Under Sheriff* in the Town in which such Office Stterat the shall be kept; and in all Proceedings against any Sheriff in which it shall be necessary Under Sheriff's to prove a Delivery of such Decree, Certificate, or other Document, Proof that such not

Decree, Certificate, or Document was duly posted in a prepaid registered Letter, directed to the Sheriff or Under Sheriff at the Office of such Under Sheriff, in the Town in which such Office shall be kept, shall be conclusive Evidence that such Decree, Certificate, or Document was received by the said Sheriff or Under Sheriff at the Time at which such registered Letter would have been delivered at the said Office in due Course of the Post, unless the said Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall prove that such registered Letter was not delivered at the said Office, or was not delivered there until after the usual Time for its Delivery in due Course of the Post; and no Delivery of any Decree, Certificate, or other Document in any other Mode than as herein-before mentioned shall be a good Delivery for the Purpose of charging the Sheriff with the Receipt thereof.

64. And for the Protection of Sheriffs acting in the Execution of this Act, be it Protection of

enacted, That all Actions or Proceedings to be brought against any Sheriff for anything acting

done in pursuance of this Act shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the this Acttion °

Fact

Fees in Schedule (B.) to be the lawful Fees for the Discharge of the Duties named.

Fees in Schedule (B.) to be chargeable against the unsuccessful Party, save where otherwise provided.

When Business of Court shall not be transacted.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Fact committed, and not afterwards or otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of such Action or Proceeding; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action or Proceeding if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action or Proceeding brought, or if after Action or Proceeding brought a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court, with Costs, by or on behalf of the Defendant.

65. In all Actions and Proceedings by Civil Bill under this Act the Fees specified in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed shall be established, and be deemed and taken as the lawful Fees and Emoluments for the Discharge of the several Duties therein specified by the respective Persons therein mentioned, and by the Process Officers for the Service of all CiviL Bill Processes, whether under this Act or otherwise, and no other Fees or Payments shall be recoverable for the Discharge of such Duties; and every Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, Attorney, Bailiff, or Process Officer who shall receive any greater Fee, Gratuity, Emolument, or other Consideration for any of the Services herein-before or in the said Schedule specified shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who may sue for the same.

66. The several Fees mentioned and set forth in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed in that Behalf shall, save wherein herein-before or in the said Schedule otherwise expressly declared, be chargeable against the Party against whom any Decree or Dismiss shall be pronounced upon any Civil Bill or other Proceeding brought under the Provisions of this Act, and in all Cases whatsoever as to the Fees hereby provided for the Process Officers.

67. It shall not be lawful for the Chairman of any County in Ireland to open his Court or to hear any Case of Civil Bill on Good Friday, neither shall it be lawful for him to open his Court or to hear any Case of Civil Bill before Ten of the Clock in the Morning, nor shall it be lawful for him to commence the Hearing of any Civil Bill after Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of any other Day.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (B.) Part I.

Fee8 payable to the Sheriff (in lieu of the Fees of One Shilling and Two and Sixpence now payable to him under the 14th and 15th Victoria, Chapter 57., for granting a Warrant to the Special Bailiffs of the Plaintiffs Nomination in Ordinary and Ejectment Decrees).

On every Process or Ejectment entered for| - Hearing with the Clerk of the Peace -

On every Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, or Order (save those in Ejectment Cases or Orders or Writs of Restitution as to Lands): —

For any Sum not exceeding 201. - - 0

Exceeding 20/. - - 0

On every Decree, Dismiss, and Renewal in Ejectment. Cases, and on every Order or Writ of Restitution as to Lands - 0

s. cL 0 6

1 0 2 0

2 6

(Such Fee to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace for the Account of the Under Sheriff, at the Time of the Entry, to be taxed with the Plaintiff's Costs, if a Decree be made in his Favour.

Such Fees to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace, for the Account of the Under Sheriff, by the Person in whose Favour the Decree i3 pro-I nounced, before he shall be entitled ] to receive the same, and to be taxed at Foot of the Decree as Portion of the Costs payable by the Party against whom such Decree shall be pronounced.

Part

9.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

497

Part II.

Fees payable to the Sheriff.

For executing any Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, ' or Order (except Decrees or Renewals in Ejectment Cases, or Writs or Orders of f Restitution as to Lands) -

In all Cases for executing any Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, or Order, by Arrest of the Party -

For executing any Decree or Renewal in Ejectment, or Writ or Order of Restitution as to Lands not exceeding Five Pounds annual Valuation, and where the personal Attendance of the Sheriff is not required -

And where the personal Attendance of the\ Sheriff shall be required, or where the I Lands exceed Five Pounds annual Valua- j tion -J

In Cases of Replevin, for drawing Affidavit of Value by Replevingers, and in full of all Charges in relation to such Cases -

To the Sheriff in full for Proceedings by Interpleader -

For returning a Jury in any Case

To Keepers (not exceeding Two in Number) of Goods seized under any Decree or Dismiss, per Day each (not exceeding Five Days) -

For filing the Certificate and making the Entry' at Foot of the Decree, as in Section 11 of this Act mentioned -

£ s. d.

One Shilling in the Pound (or for any fractional Part of the First Pound) on the Amount stated in the Entry at Foot of the Decree, Dismiss, Renewal, or Order, if the entire Amount shall be levied; or if the entire Amount shall not be levied, then on the Amount actually levied, and so in proportion for any fractional Part of a Pound after the First Pound; One Shilling to be paid in every Case of a Levy, though the Amount produced may not be One Pound.

0 10

<K

To be paid to the Sheriff on the Delivery of the Decree by the Person desiring to execute the same by Arrest of the Party, and also 6tf. per Statute Mile for the Conveyance of the Party, if arrested, from the Place of his Arrest to the County Gaol, to be chargeable to and recovered from the Person demanding such Execution by Arrest.

0 10 0

1

And where the personal Attendance of the Sheriff shall be required by the Party executing the Decree, 6d. additional shall be paid to the Sheriff for every Statute Mile he shall necessarily travel on going to such Lands, such Mileage not to be charged against the opposite

Party-

0 4 0

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 2 6

0 0 6 / To be paid by the Party presenting I such Certificate.

27 & 28 VICT.

3 S

Part

498

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

Part III.

Fees payable fo the Clerk of the Peace.

For the filing of any Affidavit sworn under the special Provisions of the 44th an 1 52d Sections of this Act

For preparing a fresh Recognizance in Cases of Appeal, when required so to do under the 49th Section -And One Penny in every Shilling lodged with them for the Account of the Sheriff, as herein-before mentioned, to be retained by them out of the Monies so lodged.

To be paid by the Person requiring such Affidavit to be filed, and not to be taxable against the opposite Party.

0 3 6

Part IV. Attorney's Fees.

For preparing, presenting, &c. the Certificate of the Sum due on Foot of any Decree, as in Section 11. of this Act -To the Plaintiffs Attorney in full for all Proceedings as to the Re-execution of Ejectment Decrees, under the 43d Section of this Act, and making the Application to the Court, as thereby directed - For attending the Clerk of the Peace with* any Affidavit to be filed under the special Provisions of the 44th and 52d Sections of this Act -

£ s. d.

0 1 0

0 10 6

0 1 o/Not to c^argea^e against the

I opposite Party.

Part V.

Process Officers Fees.

Serving Civil Bill in any Case where there is but One Defendant, or several Defendants residing in the same House, where the Sum sought to be recovered shall not exceed 10/.

For serving Two or more Defendants not residing in the same Dwelling House, where the Sum sought to be recovered shall not exceed 10/. - For serving One Defendant, or several Defendants residing in the same House, where the Sum sought to be recovered shall exceed 10/.

For serving Two or more Defendants not residing in the same Dwelling House, where the Sum sought to be recovered shall exceed 10/.

£ s. d. 0 0 6 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 2 0

499

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 99, 100.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Acts and Parts of Acts to be repealed, so far only as they may relate to any Proceedings by

Civil Bill under this Act

Date of Act.

Title.

Extent of Repeal.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 57.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 154.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland.

Section 95.

So much of the Forms 26 and 27, Schedule (C.), as relate to the Forms of the Sheriffs Warrants to Special Bailiffs of the Plaintiffs Nomination on Decrees and Dismisses.

So much of Section 139. providing that no Civil Bill Decree for Possession of any Lands or Tenements, or any Affirmance of such Decree, shall be renewed, save for the Costs thereby decreed, as is inconsistent with the Power of Renewal specially given by this Act.

Section 145.

Section 146.

Section 147.

So much of Section 152. and Schedule (D.) therein referred to relating to Fees payable to Sheriffs, Process Servers, and Keepers, as is inconsistent with the Fees given to them by this Act.

Section 92.

Section 93.

CAP. C.

An Act to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices for the County of Sussex.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS the County of Sussex is divided or reputed to be divided for certain

* Purposes into Two Divisions called respectively the Eastern and Western Divisions, ' but there is but One Commission of the Peace for the whole County: And whereas the c Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County is for Convenience held every Quarter first

in one of the said Divisions and then in the other: And whereas the Justices for the said ' County, meeting in Quarter Sessions in the said Divisions respectively, have been aceus-

tomed to make separate County Rates for each Division, and to do and regulate divers other Acts, Matters, and Things for each Division separately, as if in fact each of such Divisions was a separate County: And whereas a separate Basis or Standard for the

Assessment of the County Rates has been made for each Division: And whereas Doubts (have arisen whether, under the several Statutes regulating the County Rate, and such other Acts, Matters, and Things, or otherwise, each of such Divisions ought to have been (treated as a separate County, and whether a separate Basis or Standard for the County

Rate ought to have been made as aforesaid: And whereas it is believed that sometimes ' through Inadvertence the Court of Quarter Sessions in the said County may not have been properly adjourned from Time to Time and from Place to Place Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 100, 101.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Basis for 1. The Basis or Standard for the County Rate, and every Rate, Order, Act, Matter, or

and Katenin Thing heretofore made, done, or regulated as aforesaid in respect of either Division of the either Division said County separately by the said Justices sitting as aforesaid in such Division, shall be declared valid, deemed to have been and shall be as valid as if such Division had been and was a separate County, and such Justices had been and were in fact acting under a separate Commission of the Peace for such Division.

Power to 2. Until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to the

either division ^en next ess'on Parliament, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, sitting

to make Rates as aforesaid in either Division of the County, to make, do, and regulate every Rate, Order, separately. Act, Matter, and Thing in respect of such Division separately in the same Manner as hitherto; and every such Rate, Order, Act, Matter, and Thing so made, done, and regulated before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall be as valid as if such Division was a separate County, and such Justices were in fact acting under a separate Commission of the Peace for such Division.

Courts held in 3. Every Court that has been held in either Division of the said County, purporting to

to^dwmed011 a Court Quarter Sessions for the said County, or a Continuance of any such Court,

duly held. shall be deemed to have been duly held as a Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County, notwithstanding the Want of any Adjournment which ought to have been made, and every Order, Conviction, Judgment, Act, Matter, or Thing made, recorded, or done at any such Court shall be deemed to have been and shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if such Adjournment had been duly made.

Indemnity 4. No Justice of the Peace, Clerk of the Peace, Gaoler, or other Person whomsoever *

Clause. shall be liable to any Penalty, or to the Payment of any Damages, or be subject to any

Disability or any Punishment whatever by reason of his having done or aided in doing any Act or Thing, or having omitted to do any Act or Thing, which Act, Thing, or Omission would have been legal if at the Time of its being done or omitted to be done each Division of such County had been a separate County having Justices acting under a separate Commission of the Peace; and this Act may be pleaded in bar of any Action, Suit, Indictment, or other legal Proceeding brought against any such Justice, Clerk of the Peace, Gaoler, or other Person in respect of any such Act, Thing, or Omission as aforesaid.

CAP. Cl.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61.

An Act to amend the Act for the better Management of Highways in England.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, and intituled An Act for the better Management of Highways in

England Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary. Preliminary.

Short Titles of 1. The Acts herein after mentioned may be cited for all Purposes by the Short Titles Highway Acts. f0l]0W; ng . that is to say,

The Act passed in the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, and intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highicays in that Part of Great Britain called England, by the Short Title of the " Highway Act, 1835

The

501

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

The said Act passed in the Session of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, by the Short Title of the " Highway Act, 1862:"

This Act by the Short Title of the " Highway Act, 1864."

All the above-mentioned Acts and any Acts passed or to be passed amending the same shall be included under the Short Title of "The Highway Acts."

2. This Act, so far as is consistent with the Tenor thereof, shall be construed as One with Construction of the " Highway Act, 1862." Act

3. " Poor Law Parish" shall mean a Place that separately maintains its own Poor: Definition of

" Highway Parish" shall mean a Place that after the Constitution of a Highway District pfr^W

separately maintains its own Highways, and is entitled to return a Waywarden or Way- "Highway wardens to the Highway Board of the District: Parish, "

" Highway Rate " shall include any Rate, whether Poor Rate or not, out f the Produce of which Monies are payable in Satisfaction of Precepts of a Highway Board: "County/ '

" County " shall include any Division of a County that has a separate County Treasurer.

Amendments as

Amendments as to Orders of Justices. to Orders

of Justices.

4. Where more Highway Districts than One are comprised in any Order of Justices, -

whether provisional or final, and whether made before or alter the passing of this Act, the se^don^of^ Formation of each of such Districts is to be deemed independent of the Formation of any Highway Act other District, and the Order shall for all Purposes be construed and take effect as if a of 1862-separate Order had been made in respect of each District; and any Variation in a Provisional

Order altering the Parishes in any One or more Districts comprised in that Order shall make that Order provisional only as to the particular District or Districts in which the Alterations are made, and not as to any other District or Districts included in the same Order.

5. Any Parish, Township, Tithing, Hamlet, or other Place having a known legal Certain Places Boundary in which there are no Highways repairable at the Expense of the Place, or in which the Highways are repaired at the Expense of any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, rately mwn-by reason of any Grant, Tenure, Limitation, or Appointment of any Charitable Gift, or taining their otherwise howsoever than out of a Highway Rate or other General Rate, shall, for the own Highways. Purposes of the Highway Acts, be deemed to be a Place separately maintaining its own Highways.

Where Part of a Parish is, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, Amendment Act, 1861, Section 9, treated as forming Part of a District constituted under the Local Government Act, 1858, for all Purposes connected with the Repair of Highways and the Payment of Highway Rates, but for no other Purpose, such Part shall, for the Purposes of the Highway Act, 1862, and this Act, be deemed to be a Place separately maintaining its own Highways, and capable of being included in a Highway District, without requiring the Consent of the Local Board to be given.

Where the Highways of one Part of a Parish are, in pursuance of a Private Act of Parliament, repairable out of a different Rate from that out of which the Highways of the other Part are repairable, each of such Parts shall, for the Purposes of the Highway Acts, be deemed to be a Place separately maintaining its own Highways.

6. There shall be repealed so much of the Fifth Section of the Highway Act, 1862, as Part of s. 5. of provides that," when it is proposed that only Part of a County shall be divided into a offg^Tre- Ct " Highway District, not less than Two out of the Five Justices making such Proposal shall pealed, and

" be resident in the said District;" and in lieu thereof be it enacted, That when it is pro- other Provi-posed that only Part of a County is to be constituted a Highway District, not less than 810118 enac Two out of the Five Justices making such Proposal shall be resident in the said District, or acting in the Petty Sessional Division in which such District or some Part thereof is situate.

7. The Power given by the Seventh Section of "The Highway Act, 1862," of combining Amendment of Townships, Tithings, Hamlets, or Places separately maintaining their own Highways, and

situate in a Poor Law Parish, shall extend to combining any Two or more of such Town- 7862 as to

ships.

502

Combination of Townships, Sc c.

Provision for Places partly within and partly without a Borough.

Power of Justices as to Extra-parochial Places.

Part of s. 6. of Highway Act of 1862 as to Meetings of Board repealed, and other Provisions enacted.

Power to Justices to bring Highway Act into operation on a particular Day.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

ships, Tithings, Hamlets, or Places, and any Combination so formed shall for all the Purposes of the Highway Acts be deemed to be a Highway Parish.

Where a Township, Tithing, Hamlet, or other Place separately maintaining its own Highways is situate in Two or more Poor Law Parishes, each Part of such Township, Tithing, Hamlet, or other Place may be combined with the Parish in which that Part is situate.

The Justices may, by their Provisional and Final Order, declare that any Poor Law Parish within their Jurisdiction, or Residue of a Poor Law Parish, after excluding such Part, if any, as is prohibited by the <c Highway Act, 1862," either wholly or without the Consent of the Governing Body, from being included in the Highway District, shall henceforward become a Highway Parish; and upon such Declaration being made such Poor Law Parish, or Residue of a Poor Law Parish, shall thereafter be a Highway Parish entitled to return a Waywarden or Waywardens to the Highway Board of the District in which it is included; and no Rate shall be separately levied for the Maintenance of the Highways, and no separate Waywardens be elected in any Township, Tithing, Hamlet, or other Subdivision of such Poor Law Parish or Residue of a Poor Law Parish.

Where, previously to the passing of the Provisional Order forming a Highway District, no Surveyors or Waywardens have been elected within any Highway Parish in that District, and where the Mode of electing a Waywarden or Waywardens in such Parish is not provided by this Act or the " Highway Act, 1862," the Justices shall, by their Provisional and Final Orders constituting the District, or by any subsequent Provisional and Final Orders, make Provisions for the annual Election of a Waywarden or Waywardens for such Parish.

8. Where a Parish or Place separately maintaining its own Highways is situate partly within and partly without the Limits of a Borough, the Justices may by their Provisional and Final Orders include in a Highway District the outlying Part of such Parish or Place; and where the outlying Part of a Parish or Place situate as aforesaid has been, previously to the passing of this Act, or may be hereafter, included in a Highway District, each Part of such Parish or Place shall for all the Purposes of the Highway Acts be deemed to be a Place separately maintaining its own Highways; and a Waywarden or Waywardens shall be elected by the Ratepayers in each such Part at such Time and in such Manner as may be provided by the said Justices.

9. The Justices in Petty Sessions may appoint Overseers, or otherwise deal with any Extra-parochial Place with a view to constituting it a Highway Parish or Part of a Highway Parish, in the same Manner as the Justices may deal with such Place for the Purpose of constituting it a Place or Part of a Place maintaining its own Poor, in pursuance of the Powers for that Purpose given by the Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Nineteen.

10. The Paragraph No. 5 in the Sixth Section of the " Highway Act, 1862," shall be repealed, and in lieu thereof be it enacted,

The First Meeting of the Highway Board after the Formation of a District shall be held at such Time as may be appointed by the Provisional or Final Order of the Justices, so that the Time appointed be not more than Seven Days after the Expiration of the Time limited by Law for the Election of Waywardens, or, in the Case of a special Day being appointed for such Election as herein-after mentioned, be not more than Twenty-one Days after that Day.

The Day appointed for the First Meeting of the Board shall for all the Purposes of the Highway Acts be deemed to be the Day of the Formation of the District; and the Surveyor for the Time being of every Parish within the District shall continue in Office until Seven Days after the Appointment of the District Surveyor, and no longer.

11. In forming a Highway District under the "Highway Act, 1862," the Justices may, for the Purpose of avoiding Delay in bringing the Act into operation, appoint by their Final Order a Day on which the First Election of Waywardens as Members of the Highway Board is to take place in the District.

On the Day appointed for the Election Waywardens shall be elected in every Parish in the District entitled to elect such Officers by the same Persons and in the same Manner by

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 503

and in which Waywardens are elected under the "Highway Act, 1862," and all the Provisions of the Highway Acts relating to the Qualifications of Surveyors or Way-wardens, and to the Appointment of Surveyors and Waywardens by Justices in the event of no Election inking place, shall apply accordingly; but the Waywardens elected under this Section shall continue in Office only until the Time at which the next annual Election of Surveyors would have taken place in the several Parishes of the District if the same had not been constituted a Highway District, and at that Time new Waywardens shall be elected in manner provided by the Highway Acts.

12. No Order of the Justices forming a Highway District shall be invalidated by reason of its not being published in the London Gazette; and where any Reference is made in any Section of the "Highway Act, 1862," to the Date of the Publication in the Gazette of the Order, such Section shall be construed as if the Date of the making of the Final Order under which the District is formed were substituted for "the Date of the Publication in the Gazette of the Order under which the District is formed and any Copy of the Provisional or Final Order of the Justices forming a Highway District, certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace to be a true Copy, shall be receivable in all Courts of Justice and in all legal Proceedings as Evidence of the Formation of the District and of the Matters in the said Order mentioned.

13. Contiguous Places situate in different Counties and Places situate partly in one County and partly in another County or Counties shall, for the Purpose of being united in One Highway District, be deemed to be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Justices of any County, who may make a Provisional and Final Order constituting them an Highway District, in the same Manner as if all such Places or Parts of Places were situate in such last-mentioned County; subject to this Proviso, that the Provisional and Final Orders of the Justices of the said County shall be of no Validity unless Provisional and Final Orders to the same Effect are passed either concurrently with or subsequently to the first-mentioned Provisional and Final Orders by the Justices of every other County in which any of the said Places or Parts of Places are situate.

14. The Approval of the Justices of any County to any Provisional Order made by the Amendment of Justices of another County affecting any Place in such first-mentioned County, in pursuance 8< 39*of

of the Thirty-ninth Section of the " Highway Act, 1862," shall be testified by Provisional way ct' and Final Orders of the Justices of the said first-mentioned County.

The Powers conferred on Justices by the Thirty-ninth Section of the "Highway Act,

1862," shall be deemed to extend to the Separation of any Townships, Tithings, Hamlets, or Places separately maintaining their own Highways, which may have been consolidated by any previous Order of the Justices, and to an Alteration in the Number of Waywardens of any Parish.

15. Where, after the Formation of an Highway District, an Application is made by any A« to the Costs Parish in that District to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, praying that the said of Parishes ap-Parish may be removed from that District, all Costs incidental to or consequential on removedofV^in such Application and the Removal of the said Parish shall, unless the Court otherwise one District to directs, be paid by the Parish that has made the Application in such Manner as the said another.

Court may direct. The Amount of such Costs shall be raised in the same Manner as if

they were Expenses incurred in maintaining and keeping in repair the Highways of that Parish.

16. No Order of the Justices forming a Highway District, whether made before or after As to Validity the passing of this Act, shall be void by reason that it includes in such District a Place which of Order of the Justices are not entitled to include under the Provisions of this Act or the " Highways Justices *

Act, 1862," or One of such Acts; and any Order containing such prohibited Place shall be construed and take effect as if that Place had not been mentioned therein.

All Expenses properly incurred by the Justices of any County in maintaining the Validity of any Provisional or Final Order made by them shall be payable out of the County Rate of that County.

17. All

As to Union of Parishes in different Counties.

Publication of Orders in Gazette made permissive.

504 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Extent of Powers of Justices.

Definition of " Provisional and Final Orders.* '

Appointment and Vote of Waywardens.

Power to Way-wardens to contract for Supply or Cartage of Materials.

Provisions for Discontinuance of Maintenance of unnecessary Highways.

Highway Board may contract to repair Highways for the Repair of which other

17. All Powers and Jurisdictions vested in Justices by the Highway Act, 1862," and this Act, or either of such Acts, may from Time to Time be exercised in relation to Highway Districts, Highway Boards, and Highway Parishes already formed, as well as upon the Occasion of forming new Highway Districts, Boards, or Parishes; and where an Alteration is made in part only of a Highway District the Residue of that District shall not be affected thereby, but shall continue subject to the Highway Acts in the same Manner as if no such Alteration had been made.

18. The Expression " Provisional and Final Order," as used in this Act, shall mean a Provisional and Final Order passed and published in manner provided by this Act and the " Highway Act, 1862," with the necessary Variations as to Notices and otherwise.

Miscellaneous Amendments.

19. Every Waywarden, before taking his Seat as a Member of a Highway BoarJ, shall produce a Certificate of his having been duly elected or appointed a Waywarden, and such Certificate shall, in the Case of an Elected Waywarden, be signed by the Chairman of the Vestry or other Meeting at which he was elected; and in the Case of a Waywarden appointed by Justices, be signed by the Justices making the Appointment.

A Waywarden may sit as such for more Places than One, but he shall be entitled to One Vote only as Waywarden.

20. c Whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Forty-sixth Section of the Highway Act of 1835 applies to a Highway District:' Be it enacted, That that Section shall not apply to the Highway Board of any Highway District or to any Parish within any Highway District

Notwithstanding anything contained in the Act of the Session of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-one, or in any other Act, any Waywarden may contract for the Supply or Cartage of Materials within the Parish for which he is Waywarden, with the Licence of Two Justices assembled at Petty Sessions, such Licence to be granted on the Application of the Clerk of the Highway Board, who must be authorized to make such Application by a Resolution of his Board assembled at a Meeting of which Notice has been given.

21. When any Highway Board consider any Highway unnecessary for public Use, they may direct the District Surveyor to apply to Two Justices to view the same, and thereupon the like Proceedings shall be had as where Application is made under the " Highway Act, 1835," to procure the stopping up of any Highway, save only that the Order to be made thereupon, instead of directing the Highway to be stopped up, shall direct that the same shall cease to be a Highway which the Parish is liable to repair, and the Liability of the Parish shall cease accordingly; and for the Purpose of such Proceedings under this Enactment, such Variation shall be made in any Notice, Certificate, or other Matter preliminary to the making of such Order as the Nature of the Case may require: Provided, that if at any Time thereafter, upon Application of any Person interested in the Maintenance of such Highway, after One Month's previous Notice in Writing thereof to the Clerk of the Highway Board for the District in which such Highway is situated, it appear to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace that from any Change of Circumstances Bince the Time of the making of any such Order as aforesaid under which the Liability of the Parish to repair such Highway has ceased the same has become of public Use, and ought to be kept in repair by the Parish, they may direct that the Liability of the Parish to repair the same shall revive from and after such Day as they may name in their Order, and such Liability shall revive accordingly as if the first-mentioned Order had not been made; and the said Court may by their Order direct the Expenses of and incident to such Application to be paid as they may see fit.

22. The Highway Board of any District may from Time to Time contract for any Time not exceeding Three Years with any Person or Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, to repair any Highways, Turnpike Roads, or Roads over County or other Bridges, or any Part thereof, for the repairing of which such Persons or Body of Persons are liable; and any Persons or Body of Persons liable to repair any Roads may contract with the Highway

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

505

Sect 74. of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 50. repealed, and other Provisions made as to Cattle found straying, &c. on Highways.

Board for the repairing any Highways, inclusive as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, which the Parties are Highway Board is liable to make or repair; and the Money payable under any Contract Uable* made in pursuance of this Section shall be raised in the same Manner and be paid out of the same Rates as would have been applicable to defray the Expenses of the Repair of such Highways if no Contract had been made in respect thereto.

23. Section Thirty-four of the " Highway Act, 1862," shall be construed as if, instead of Amendment of the Words " shall be adjudged in the Manner provided by the principal Act to be out of ^a34*^tHi862 repair," the Words were substituted " shall be adjudged in manner provided by the Highway way c '

Act, 1862, to be out of repair."

24. The Highway Board may apply, under Section Thirty-five of the " Highway Act of Amendment of 1862," for the Purpose of making any Highway to which that Section refers a Highway to ^a35*^t^fgh be repaired and maintained by the Parish in which the same is situate, and upon such 1862. Application being made the same Proceedings may be had as upon the Application of the

Person or Corporation liable to repair the same.

25. The Seventy-fourth Section of the " Highway Act, 1835," shall be repealed, and instead thereof be it enacted, If any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Steer,

Calf, Mule, Ass, Sheep, Lamb, Goat, Kid, or Swine is at any Time found straying on or lying about any Highway, or across any Part thereof, or by the Sides thereof, (except on such Parts of any Highway as pass over any Common or Waste or uninclosed Ground,) the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every Animal so found straying or lying, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings, to be recovered in a summary Manner, together with the reasonable Expense of removing such Animal from the Highway where it is found to the Fields or Stable of the Owner or Owners, or to the Common Pound (if any) of the Parish where the same shall be found, or to such other Place as may have been provided for the Purpose: Provided always, that no Owner of any such Animal shall in any Case pay more than the Sum of Thirty Shillings, to be recovered as aforesaid, over and above such reasonable Expenses as aforesaid, including the usual Fees and Charges of the authorized Keeper of the Pound: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to extend to take away any Right of Pasturage which may exist on the Sides of any Highway.

26. Any Notice in respect of which no other Mode of Service is provided by the Highway Board in pursuance of Powers in that Behalf conferred on them, and any Precept, Summons, or Order issued by the Highway Board, may be served, —

By Delivery of the same personally on the Party required to be served; or

By leaving the same at the usual or last known Place of Abode of such Party as aforesaid; or

By forwarding the same by Post as a prepaid Letter addressed to the usual or last known Place of Abode of such Party.

In proving Service of a Document by Post it shall be sufficient to prove that the Document was properly directed, and that it was put as a prepaid Letter into the Post Office; and in serving Notice on the Overseers or the Waywardens (if more than One) of any Parish it shall be sufficient to serve the same on any One of such Officers in a Parish.

27. The Schedule annexed to the " Highway Act of 1862" shall be repealed so far as Schedule to relates to the Proceedings of Highway Boards, and the Proceedings of Highway Boards Highway Act shall, after the passing of this Act, be subject to the Regulations contained in the First LJied2^ Schedule to this Act annexed.

28. The Forty-third Section of the " Highway Act of 1862 " shall be construed as if in Amendment of the Second Article thereof the Words " not exceeding Five Pounds " were omitted. way3ActHi1862

29. A Justice of the Peace acting for the County in which a Highway District is Qualification of

situate, if he is resident in any Place which is prohibited cither altogether or without the W&7 '

Consent of the Local Authority from being included in a Highway District by the Seventh

Section of the " Highway Act of 1862," and which is surrounded by or adjoins in any Part 27 & 28 Vict. 3 T such

As to Service of Notices issued by Highway Board.

Appointment of Officers of Board.

Power to appoint paid Collectors of Highway Rates.

Repeal of

Sections 20, 21, 22, 23, and 24 of Highway Act, 1862.

Expenses how to be charged.

Mode of defraying Expenses of the Highway Board.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c.

such Highway District, shall, by virtue of his Office, be a Member of the Highway Board of such District, subject to this Qualification, that if in pursuance of this Section any Justice of the Peace would be entitled to be a Member of Two or more Highway Boards in the same County, he shall, by Letter under his Hand, addressed to the Clerk of the Highway- Board for which he elects to act, and by him to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, declare of which of the said Highway Boards he elects to be a Member, and having made that Election he shall be bound thereby, and shall not be entitled by virtue of his Office of Justice to be a Member of any other of the said Boards.

30. The Appointment of any Officer of a Highway Board may be made by a Minute of the Board, signed by the Chairman and countersigned by the Clerk of the Board, and any Appointment so made shall be as valid as if it were made under the Seal of the Board.

31. The Power of appointing paid Collectors of Highway Bates with the Consent of the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled, which is vested in a Surveyor by the " Highway Act, 1835," and all the Provisions of that Act relating to such Appointment, shall be vested in and extend to any Waywarden required to levy Bates in pursuance of the " Highway Act, 1862," and this Act, or either of such Acts; and for the Purposes of this Act any Meeting of Ratepayers entitled to elect a Waywarden or Waywardens shall be deemed to be included under the Expression "Inhabitants in Vestry assembled," as used in this Section, and the Highway Act?.

As to Expenses of Board.

32. Sections Twenty, Twenty-one, Twenty-two, Twenty-three, and Twenty-four of the " Highway Act, 1862," relating to the Expenses of the Board, shall be repealed, but such Repeal shall not affect any Bate made previously to the passing of this Act, or any legal Proceeding or Remedy for enforcing the same.

The Salaries of the Officers appointed for each District, and any other Expenses incurred by any Highway Board for the common Use or Benefit of the several Parishes within such District, shall be annually charged to a District Fund to be contributed by and charged upon the several Highway Parishes within such District in proportion to the rateable Value of the Property in each Parish, but the Expenses of maintaining and keeping in repair the Highways of each Highway Parish within the District, and all other Expenses legally payable by the Highway Board in relation to such Parish, including any Sums of Money that would have been payable out of the Highway Bates of such Parish if the same had not become Part of a Highway District, except such Expenses as are in this Act authorized to be charged to the District Fund, shall be a separate Charge on each Parish.

The rateable Value of the Property in each Parish shall be ascertained according to the Valuation List, or other Estimate for the Time being in force in such Parish for the Purposes of the Poor Rate, or if no such Valuation List or Estimate be in force, then in such Manner as may be determined by the Justices in Petty Sessions, subject to an Appeal by any Person aggrieved to the next General or Quarter Sessions.

33. For the Purpose of obtaining Payment from the several Highway Parishes within their District of the Sums to be contributed by them, the Highway Board shall order Precepts to be issued to the Waywardens or Overseers of the said Parishes according to the Provisions herein-after contained, stating the Sum to be contributed by each Parish, and requiring the Officer to whom the Precept is addressed, within a Time to be limited by the Precept, to pay the Sum therein mentioned to the Treasurer of the Board.

Where a Highway Parish is not a Parish separately maintaining its own Poor, or where in any Highway Parish it has, for a Period of not less than Seven Years immediately preceding the passing of the "Highway Act, 1862," been the Custom of the Surveyor of Highways for such Parish to levy a Highway Bate in respect of Property not subject by Law to be assessed to Poor Rates, the Precept of the Highway Board shall be addressed to the Waywarden of the Parish, and in all other Cases it shall be addressed to the Overseers.

Where the Precept is addressed to a Waywarden he shall pay the Sum thereby required out of a separate Bate, and such separate Bate shall, in the Case of a Parish in which for

507

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

such Period aforesaid it ha9 been the Custom of the Surveyor of Highways to levy a Highway Bate in respect of Property not subject by Law to be assessed to Poor Rate, be assessed on and levied from the Persons and in respect of the Property on, from, and in respect of which the same has been assessed and levied during such Period as aforesaid, and in all other Cases such Rate shall be assessed on and levied from the Persons and in respect of the Property on, from, and in respect of which a Poor Rate would be assessable and leviable if the Parish of which he is Waywarden were a Place separately maintaining its own Poor.

No Rate leviable by a Waywarden under this Act shall be payable until the same has been published in manner in which Rates for the Relief of the Poor are by Law required to be published.

A Waywarden shall account to the Highway Board for the Amount of all Rates levied by him, and at the Expiration of his Term of Office shall pay any Surplus in his Hands arising from any Rate so levied, above the Amount for which the Rate was made, to the Treasurer of the Highway Board, to the Credit of the Parish within which such Rate was made, and such Surplus shall go in Reduction of the next Highway Rate that may be leviable in such Parish.

Where the Precept is addressed to the Overseers they shall pay the Sum thereby required out of a Poor Rate to be levied by them, or out of any Monies in their Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor.

No Contribution required to be paid by any Parish at any One Time in respect of Highway Rates shall exceed the Sum of Tenpence in the Pound, and the Aggregate of Contributions required to be paid by any Parish in any One Year in respect of Highway Rates shall not exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, except with the Consent of Four Fifths of the Ratepayers of the Parish in which such Excess may be levied present at a Meeting specially called for the Purpose, of which Ten Days previous Notice has been given by the Waywarden of such Parish, and then only to such Extent as may be determined by such Meeting.

All Sums of Money payable in pursuance of the Precepts of a Highway Board shall, whether they are or not payable by the Overseers of the Poor, be subject to all Charges to which ordinary Highway Rates are subject by Law.

34. All Waywardens and Overseers to whom Precepts of a Highway Board are hereby directed or authorized to be issued shall within their respective Parishes have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges, for and in respect of assessing and levying any Rates required to be levied for making Payments to a Highway Board, in the Case of Overseers, as they have in assessing and levying ordinary Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and in the Case of Waywardens as they would have if the Parish of which they are Waywardens were a Place separately maintaining its own Poor, and they were Overseers thereof, and the Rate to be levied by them were a duly authorized Poor Rate.

35. If any Payment required to be made by the Overseers or Waywardens of any Parish of Monies due to a Highway Board is in arrear, it shall be lawful for any Justice, on Application under the Hand of the Chairman for the Time being or by the Clerk of such Board, to summon the said Overseers or Waywardens to show Cause at Petty Sessions why such Payment has not been made; and the Justices at such Petty Sessions, after hearing the Complaint preferred on behalf of the Board, may, if they think fit, cau?e the Amount of Payment in arrear, together with the Costs occasioned by such Arrear, to be levied and recovered from the said Overseers or Waywardens, or any of them, in like Manner as Monies assessed for the Relief of the Poor may be levied and recovered, and the Amount of such Arrear, together with the Costs aforesaid, when levied and recovered, to be paid to the said Board.

Accounts of Board.

36. The Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Thirtieth Sections of the " Highway Act, 1862," shall be repealed, but such Repeal shall not affect any Proceeding commenced

Power to levy Rates for making Payments to High* way Board.

Mode of enforcing Payments to Highway Boards.

Accounts of Board.

Sects. 25, 26, and 30 of Highway Act, 1862,

repealed, nnd other Provisions substituted.

Persons aggrieved by Rates levied i^ay appeal in manner provided by 6 & 7 W.4, c. 96.

Power to appeal to Quarter Sessions against Items of Expense and Expenditure, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c 101.

previously to the passing of this Act, and instead thereof the following Provisions shall be enacted; that is to say,

The Accounts of every Highway Board shall be made up and balanced to the Thirty-first of December in every Year.

After the Expiration of not less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty-eight Days from the Thirty-first of December, the Accounts shall be examined by the Board, and signed by the Chairman.

The Board may, if they think fit, appoint any fit Person not being a Member or Odicer of the Board to audit their Accounts, and may award to him a reasonable Compensation, to be paid out of the District Fund.

Within Thirty Days after the Signature of the Accounts by the Chairman the Board shall cause a Statement showing the Receipt and Expenditure in respect of each Parish, and the apportioned Part of Expenditure chargeable thereto in respect of the District Fund, and such other Particulars and in such Form as the Secretary of State may direct, to be printed, and sent by Post or otherwise to each Member of the Board, and to the Overseers of every Parish within the District having Overseers; and the Clerk of the Board shall furnish a Copy of such Statement to any Ratepayer or Owner of Property situate within the District, on his Application, and on the Payment of a Sum not exceeding One Penny.

The Books of Account of the Board shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of any Ratepayer of any Highway Parish within the District of the Board.

37. If any Person feels aggrieved by any Rate levied on him for the Purpose of raising Monies payable under a Precept of a Highway Board on the Ground of Incorrectness in the Valuation of any Property included in such Rate, or of any Person being put on or left out of such Rate, or of the Inequality or Unfairness of the Sum charged on any Person or Persons therein, he may appeal to the Justices in Special Sessions in manner provided by the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-six, Sections Six and Seven, and all the Provisions of the said Sections shall be applicable to such Appeal.

38. Where any Waywarden of a Highway Parish of a District, or any Ratepayer of such Parish, feels aggrieved in respect of the Matters following:

(1.) In respect of any Order of the Highway Board for the Repair of any Highway in his Parish on the Ground that such Highway is not legally repairable by the Parish, or in respect of any other Order of the Board on the Ground that the Matter to which such Order relates is one in regard to which the Board have no Jurisdiction to make an Order;

(2.) In respect of any Item of Expense charged to the separate Account of his Parish on the Ground that such Item of Expense has not in fact been incurred, or has been incurred in respect of a Matter upon which the Board have no Authority by Law to make any Expenditure whatever;

(3.) In respect of any Item of Expenditure charged to the District Fund on the Ground that such Item of Expense has not in fact been incurred, or has been incurred in respect of a Matter upon which the Board has no Authority by Law to make any Expenditure whatever;

(4.) In respect of the Contribution required to be made by each Parish to the District Fund on the Ground that such Amount, when compared with the Contribution of other Parishes in the District, is not according to the Proportion required by this Act;

he may, upon complying with the Conditions herein-after mentioned, appeal to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions having Jurisdiction in the District; but no Appeal shall be had in respect of any Exercise of the Discretion of the Board in Matters within their Discretion; and no Appeal shall be had except in respect of the Matters and upon the Grounds herein-before mentioned.

39. No

L.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101. 509

39. No Appeal shall be entertained by any Court of General or Quarter Sessions in Conditions of

pursuance of this Act unless the following Conditions have been complied with: Generator

(1.) Notice of the Intention of Appeal must be served by the Appellant on the Clerk of Quarter the Highway Board in the Case of an Appeal against an Order within Two Sessions. Months after the Order, and in the Case of an Appeal in respect of any Item of Expense or Contribution within One Month after the Statement of the Account of the Board has been sent to each Member of the Board as herein-before mentioned:

(2.) The Notice must state the Matter appealed against, and the Ground of the Appeal:

On the Receipt of the Notice the Board may serve a Counter-Notice on the Appellant, requiring him to appear in Person or by his Agent at the next Meeting of the Board and support his Appeal. On hearing the Appellant the Board may rectify the Matter complained of, and if they do so to a reasonable Extent, and tender to the Appellant a reasonable Sum for the Costs of his Attendance, it shall not be lawful for the Appellant to proceed with his Appeal. In any other Case the Appellant may proceed with his Appeal, and the reasonable Costs of his Attendance on the Board shall be deemed Part of the Costs of the Appeal.

40. If at any Time after Notice of Appeal has been given it appears to the Court of Power to refer General or Quarter Sessions, on the Application of either Party in the Presence of or after

Notice has been given to the other Party, that the Matter in question in such Appeal con- r 1 on '

sists wholly or in part of Matters of mere Account which cannot be satisfactorily tried by the Court, it shall be lawful for such Court to order that such Matters, either wholly or in

part, be referred to the Arbitration of One or more Persons, to be appointed by the Parties,

or, in case of Disagreement, by the Court; and the Award made on such Arbitration shall be enforceable by the same Process as the Order of the Court of Quarter Sessions.

41. The Provisions of" The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," relating to compulsory Provisions of References, shall be deemed to extend to Arbitrations directed by the Court of Quarter J7^518 Vict' Sessions; and the Word " Court " in the said Act shall be deemed to include the Court of incorporated. Quarter Sessions.

42. If upon the Hearing of the Appeal it appears to the Court that the Question in Proceedings on dispute involves an Inquiry as to whether a Road is or is not a Highway repairable by the Appeal. Public, or an Inquiry as to any other important Matter of Fact, the Court may either themselves decide such Question, or may impanel a Jury of Twelve disinterested Men out

of the Persons returned to serve as Jurymen at such Quarter Sessions, and submit to such Jury such Questions in relation to the Matters of Fact in dispute as the Court think fit; and the Verdict of such Jury, after hearing the Evidence adduced, shall be conclusive as to the Questions submitted to them.

The Questions so submitted shall be in the Form and shall be tried as nearly as may be in the Manner in which feigned Issues are ordinarily tried, and the Court shall decide the Parties to be Plaintiffs and Defendants in such Trials.

Subject as aforesaid, the Court may, upon the Hearing of any Appeal under this Act, confirm, reverse, or modify any Order of the Highway Board, or rectify any Account appealed against.

43. If the Appellant is successful, the Costs shall, unless the Court otherwise orders, be Casts of paid by the Board, and shall be charged to the Parishes within the Jurisdiction of the Appeal. Board other than the Parish to which the Appellant belongs in the same Proportions in which such Parishes contribute to the Common Fund of the Board.

If the Appellant is unsuccessful, the Board, if the Waywarden be the Appellant, may charge the Costs of the Appeal to the Parish to which the Appellant belongs in the same Manner as if they were Expenses incurred in repairing the Roads in such Parish, and may levy the Sum accordingly, and may carry the Sum so levied to the Account of the several Parishes within the Jurisdiction of the Board, other than the Parish to which the Appellant Waywarden belongs, in the same Manner as if they were Expenses contributed by such Parishes to the Common Fund of the Board; but if some Ratepayer other than the Waywarden is the Appellant, the Court may order the Costs of the Appeal to be paid

Jurisdiction as to Districts in different Counties.

In case of default of Highway Board appointing Officers.

Jurisdiction of Justices in Petty Sessions.

Power of Highway Board to make Improvements and borrow Money for the same, but previously to cause an Estimate to be made.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

by such Appellant; and such Costs shall be recoverable in the same Manner as a Penalty is recovered under "The Highway Act, 1862."

44. Places situate in different Counties, and Places situate partly in one County and partly in another County, when united in One Highway District, shall, for all Matters connected with the Provisions of this Act relating to Appeals to Quarter Sessions against Accounts, be deemed to be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the County in which the District is situate to which such Places shall have been united by any Provisional and Final Order or Orders, or to which after the passing of this Act any such District shall be declared to be subject by the Orders constituting the same, in the same Manner as if all such Places or Parts of Places were situate in such County.

Supplemental Provisions.

45. If the Highway Board of a District make default in appointing a Treasurer, Clerk, and District Surveyor, or any of such Officers, in pursuance of the " Highway Act, 1862," within Three Months after the Day fixed by the Justices for the holding of the First Meeting of the Board, or within Three Months after a Vacancy occurring in any of the said Offices, the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled may, if they think fit, appoint a Person to any of the said Offices in respect of which the Default has been made, and may fix the Salary to be paid to the Officer appointed; and any such Appointment shall take effect and Salary be recoverable in the same Manner as if the Officer appointed by the Justices had been appointed by the Highway Board of the District; and it shall not be lawful for such Board, without the Consent of the said Justices, to remove any Officer appointed by them under this Section, or to lessen his Salary within One Year from the Date of his Appointment

46. The Justices assembled in Petty Sessions at their usual Place of Meeting may exercise any Jurisdiction which they are authorized under the Highway Acts or any of them to exerciseJn Special Sessions; and no Justice of the Peace shall be disabled from acting as such at any Petty or Special or General Quarter Sessions in any Matter merely on the Ground that he is by virtue of his Office a Member of any Highway Board complaining, interested, or concerned in such Matter, or has acted as such at any Meeting of such Board.

47. A Highway Board may make such Improvements as are herein-after mentioned in the Highways within their Jurisdiction, and may, with the Approval of the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, borrow Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of such Improvements:

Previously to applying for the Approval of the Justices the Highway Board shall cause an Estimate of the Expense of the Improvements to be made, and Two Months at the least before making their Application shall give Notice of their Intention so to do.

The Notice shall state the following Particulars:

(1.) The Nature of the Work, the estimated Amount of Expense to be incurred, and the Sum proposed to be borrowed:

(2.) The Parish or Parishes within the District by which the Sum borrowed, and the Interest thereon is to be paid, and in case of more Parishes than One being made liable to pay the Principal and Interest the annual Amounts to be contributed by each Parish towards the Payment thereof:

(3.) The Number of Years within which the Principal Monies borrowed are to be paid off, not exceeding Twenty Years, and the Amount to be set apart in each Year for paying off the same:

(4.) The Sessions at which the Application is to be made.

Notice shall be given as follows:

(1.) By transmitting a Copy to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Division:

(2.) By placing a Copy of such Notice for Three successive Sundays on the Church Door of every Church of the Parish or Parishes on behalf of which such Works are to be done, or, in the Case of any Place not having a Church, in some conspicuous Position in such Place *

Upon

511

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Upon the Hearing of the Application any Person or Persons may oppose the Approval of the Justices being given, and it shall be lawful for the Justices to give or withhold their Approval, with or without Modification, as they think just.

All Monies borrowed in pursuance of this Act, together with the Interest thereon, shall be a First Charge on the Highway Rates of each Parish liable to contribute to the Payment thereof, after paying the Sums due to the Highway Board on account of the District Fund, in the same Manner, so far as the Creditor is concerned, as if the Money had been borrowed on account of each Parish alone; and the Sums necessary to repay the said borrowed Monies, with Interest, shall in each such Parish be recoverable in the same Manner as if they were Expenses incurred by the Board in keeping in repair the Highways of that Parish.

But it shall be the Duty of the Highway Board, in case of any One Parish paying more than its Share of such borrowed Money, or of the Interest thereon, to make good to that Parish the Excess so paid out of the Rates of the other Parishes liable to contribute thereto.

The Justices may from Time to Time make General Orders in relation to the Mode in which Applications are to be made to them for their Consent under this Act to the borrowing of any Monies.

48: The following Works shall be deemed to be Improvements of Highways:

(1.) The Conversion of any Road that has not been stoned into a stoned Road:

(2.) The widening of any Road, the cutting off the Corners in any Road where Land is required to be purchased for that Purpose, the levelling Roads, the making any new Road, and the building or enlarging Bridges:

(3.) The doing of any other Work in respect of Highways beyond ordinary Repairs essential to placing any existing Highway in a proper State of Repair.

49. Any Parish may, with the Consent of its Waywarden, contribute to any Improvements made in another Parish, whether situate or not in the same District, if such first-mentioned Parish consider such Improvements to be for its Benefit; and any Highway Board may contribute to any Improvements made in another District if such Improvements are, in the Opinion of the Highway Board of the first-mentioned District, for the Benefit of their District. The Contribution to be made by one Parish to another shall be payable in the same Manner as if such Contributions were Monies due from the contributing Parish in respect of Expenses incurred in keeping in repair the Highways of that Parish, and Monks contributed by one District to another District shall be payable out of the Common Fund of the contributing District

50. The Clauses of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to Mortgages to be created by the Commissioners, shall form Part of and be incorporated with this Act, and any Mortgagee or Assignee may enforce Payment of his Principal and Interest by Appointment of a Receiver.

In the Construction of the said Clauses " the Commissioners" shall mean " the Highway Board."

Mortgages and Transfers of Mortgages shall be valid if made in the Forms prescribed by the last-mentioned Act, or in the Forms appearing in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit

51. From and after the passing of this Act if any Person shall encroach by making or causing to be made any Building, or Pit, or Hedge, Ditch, or other Fence, or by placing any Dungi Compost, or other Materials for dressing Land, or any Rubbish, on the Side or Sides of any Carriageway or Cartway within Fifteen Feet of the Centre thereof, or by removing any Soil or Turf from the Side or Sides of any Carriageway or Cartway, except for the Purpose of improving the Road, and by Order of the Highway Board, or, where there is no Highway Board, of the Surveyor, he shall be subject on Conviction for every such Offence to any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, notwithstanding that the whole Space of Fifteen Feet from the Centre of such Carriageway or Cartway has not been maintained with Stones or other Materials used in forming Highways; and it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at Petty Sessions, upon Proof to them made upon Oath,

to

Definition of Improvements.

Power for Parishes and Districts to contribute to Improvements.

Certain Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16. incorporated.

AstoEncroach-ment on Highways.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Power to contract for Materials for repairing Highways.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incor-, porated.

to levy the Expenses of taking down such Building, Hedge, or Fence, or filling up such Ditch or Pit, and removing such Dung, Compost, Materials, or Rubbish as aforesaid, or restoring the Injury caused by the Removal of such Soil or Turf, upon the Person offending: Provided always, that where any Carriageway or Cartway is fenced on both Sides no Encroachment as aforesaid shall be allowed whereby such Carriageway or Cartway shall be reduced in Width to less than Thirty Feet between the Fences on each Side.

52. The Highway Board may and is hereby authorized to contract for purchasing, getting, and carrying the Materials required for the Repair of the Highways, and for maintaining and keeping in repair all or any Part of the Highways of any Parish within their Highway District, for any Period not exceeding Three Years.

53. A Highway Board for the Purpose of improving the Highways within their District may purchase such Lands or Easements relating to Lands as they may require; and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Act amending the same passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and 6ix, shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses relating to the Purchase of Land otherwise than by Agreement.

In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the Special Act, and the Board shall be deemed to be the Promoters of the Undertaking, and the Word "Land" or tc Lands" shall include any Easement in or out of Lands.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Proceedings of Highway Boards.

(1.) The Board shall meet for the Despatch of Business, and shall from Time to Time make such Regulations with respect to the summoning, Notice, Place, Management, and Adjournment of such Meetings, and generally with respect to the Transaction and Management of Business, including the Quorum at Meetings of the Board, as they think fit, subject to the following Conditions:

(a.) The First Meeting after the Formation of the District shall be held at the Time and Place fixed by the Order of the Justices in that Behalf;

(b.) One Ordinary Meeting shall be held in each Period of Four Months, and of such Meetings One shall be held on some Day between the Seventh and Fourteenth Days of April;

(c.) An Extraordinary Meeting may be summoned at any Time, on the Requisition of Three Members of the Board, addressed to the Clerk of the Board;

(d.) The Quorum to be fixed by the Board shall consist of not less than Three Members;

(0.) Every Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members voting on that Question;

(f.) The Names of the Members present at a Meeting shall be recorded.

(2.) The Board shall at the First Meeting, and afterwards from Time to Time at their First Meeting after each annual Appointment of Members of the Board as hereafter mentioned, appoint One of their Members to be Chairman and One other of their Members to be a Vice-Chairman for the Year following such Choice.

(3.) If any casual Vacancy occur in the Office of Chairman or Vice-Chairman, the Board shall, as soon as they conveniently can after the Occurrence of such Vacancy, choose some Member of their Number to fill such Vacancy; and every such Chairman or Vice-Chairman so elected as last aforesaid shall continue in Office so long only as the Person in whose Place he may be so elected would have been entitled to continue if such Vacancy had not happened.

(4.) If at any Meeting the Chairman is not present at the Time appointed for holding the same, the Vice-Chairman shall be the Chairman of the Meeting; and if neither the Chairman nor Vice-Chairman shall be present, then the Members present shall choose some one of their Number to be a Chairman of such Meeting.

(5.) In

513

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 101, 102.

(5.) In case of an Equality of Votes at any Meeting the Chairman for the Time being of such Meeting shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

(6.) All Orders of the Board for Payment of Money, and all Precepts issued by the Board, shall be deemed to be duly executed if signed by Two or more Members of the Board authorized to sign them by a Resolution of the Board, and countersigned by the Clerk; but it shall not be necessary in any legal Proceeding to prove that the Members signing any such Order or Precept were authorized to sign them, and such Authority shall be presumed until the contrary is proved.

SECOND SCHEDULE. Forms.

Form of Mortgage.

The Highway Board of the District, in consideration of

Pounds paid to the Treasurer of the said Board by A.B. of, assigns unto the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Highway Rates leviable in the Highway Parish or Parishes of [name the Parishes] as the said Sum of Pounds bears to the whole Sum borrowed on the Credit of the said Rates,

to hold to the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said# Sum of Pounds, with Interest at the Rate of t Pounds per Centum

per Annum, is paid.

The Interest on this Mortgage will be paid at on the Day

and Days of in every Year.

The Principal will be paid at on the Day of

Given under our Corporate Seal this Day of 18

Note. — The Mortgage must be under the Corporate Seal of the Board, and duly stamped.

See Commissioners Clauses Act, 10 Vict. c. 16. s. 75.

Note. — Section 50 of Act.

Note. — Highway Rate includes Poor Rate, token the Highways are maintained out of Poor Rate. See Sect. 33 of Act.

N ote — Highway Parish means every Parish that separately returns a Waywarden or Way-wardens to the Highway Board. See Sect. 3 of Act.

Transfer of Mortgage by Endorsement.

The within-named A. Z?., in consideration of the Sum of Pounds paid to him

by C.D. of, hereby transfers to the said C.D., his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, all his Interest in the Monies secured by the within-written Mortgage and in the within-named Rates.

In witness whereof the said A.B. has hereunto set his Hand and Seal this Day of 18

Note. — The Transfer must be under Seal and duly stamped. See Section 77 of Commissioners Clauses Act, 10 Vict. c. 16.

CAP. CII.

An Act for amending The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863.

[29th July 1864.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. So much of Section Seven of The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, (hereafter in this Act Part of s. 7. of called the Principal Act.) ns relates to the Maps therein mentioned, is hereby repealed. ^peakd

27 & 28 Vict.

3 U

2. As

Maps to be made for showing Limits of Harbour and of Jurisdiction.

Copies to be deposited with Clerks of Peace, &c.

Maps to be kept and to be open to Inspection

Maps to be conclusive Evidence.

Maps already deposited to be delivered up.

Provision as to Life Boat, &c.

Interpretation of Terms.

Purchase of Lands by Agreement.

Short Titles.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 102, 103.

2. As soon as may be after the passing of this Act the Board of Trade shall cause a Map to be prepared showing the Limits of Harwich Harbour and the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Harwich Conservancy Board, as the same respectively are described in that Part of Section Seven of the Principal Act which is not repealed by this Act, the Limits of the Harbour being indicated on such Map by a continuous Red Line, and the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board, where it extends beyond the Limits of the Harbour, being indicated thereon by a dotted Red Line.

3. Four Copies of such Map shall be made, and shall be each signed by the President of the Board of Trade, and shall be deposited as follows, namely, — One of the Copies with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Essex, another with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Suffolk, the Third with the Town Clerk of the Borough of Harwich, and the Fourth with the Town Clerk of the Borough of Ipswich.

4. The said Four Maps respectively shall be kept in the respective Offices of the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks with whom they are deposited, and may be inspected by any Person at any reasonable Time on Payment of One Shilling for each Inspection.

5. Any One of the said Four Maps shall be conclusive Evidence of the Extent of Harwich Harbour and of the Extent of the Jurisdiction of the Harwich Harbour Conservancy Board.

6. On any Map being deposited, as directed by this Act, the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk with whom the same is deposited shall deliver up to the Person depositing the same the Map deposited with him under the Principal Act.

7. Notwithstanding anything in the Principal Act, it shall not be necessary for the Harwich Harbour Conservancy Board to provide or maintain any Life Boat, Mortar, or Rockets, except when and as long as they are required by the Board of Trade to do so.

8. Terms used in this Act have the same respective Meanings as they have when used in the Principal Act.

9. The Harwich Harbour Conservancy Board may from Time to Time purchase and acquire any Lands lying above High-water Mark which they may require for any of the Purposes of the Principal Act; and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860," shall be incorporated with this Act, except so far as any of the Provisions thereof are inconsistent with this or the Principal Act: Provided, nevertheless, that this Act shall not authorize the taking or purchasing of any Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

10. This Act may be cited as The Harwich Harbour Act, 1864; and this Act and the Principal Act may be cited together as The Harwich Harbour Acts, 1863 and 1864.

Cap. cm.

An Act to authorize the Acquisition of Lands by the Admiralty with a view to the Extension of Portsmouth Dockyard, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Admiralty be empowered to acquire certain c Property, and to execute certain Works, with a view to the Extension of Her Majesty's Dockyard at Portsmouth:

And whereas a Plan and Sections and a Book of Reference relating to such Lands and ' Works have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Southampton, which are herein-after referred to as the deposited Plan, Sections, and Book of Reference: '

515

27° &i 28" VICTORIA, c. 103.

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The Portsmouth Dockyard Act, 1864.

2. Terms used in this Act have the same Meanings as the same Terms have in The Interpretation. Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864.

Lands.

3* Subject and according to the Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, Power to 1864, the Admiralty may, by Agreement or compulsorily, purchase or take all or any Part of the Lands described in the deposited Plan and Book of Reference, or any Interest BpCcified.8 or Easement in or over the same Lands or any of them.

Works.

4. Subject and according to the Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, Power to 1864, the Admiralty may, on the Lands taken by them under this Act, and in the Lines, gccordin and on the Levels, and within the Limits of Deviation shown on the deposited Plan and pian8 and Sections, make and execute the Works shown on the deposited Plan, or any of them; which Sections. Works comprise the following; namely, —

First — To make and erect a new Landing Place or Hard, Pier, or Wharf on and along the Shore of the Harbour of Portsmouth on the Eastern Side of the Portsea Island Gasworks at or near Flathouse, and extending for a Distance of Four hundred and twenty Feet or thereabouts along the said Shore from the Eastern Boundary Wall of the said Gasworks (herein-after called the new Landing Place):

Second. — To make, dredge, deepen, and scour a Channel or Approach up to the new Hard, commencing from the Western End of Rotten Row Lake where the same joins Fountain Lake in the said Harbour:

Third. — To make a new Road or Street to commence at Unicom Gate in the Town of Portsea, and to terminate by a Junction with a certain Street in the Parish of Portsea, called Herbert Street, at the West End thereof:

Fourth. — To permanently stop up and discontinue so much of a certain Carriage-road and Footpath in the Parish of Portsea (known as Flathouse Road) as lies between the West End of Abercrombie Street and the Northern End of Flathouse Row:

Fifth. — To permanently stop up and discontinue so much of the Carriage-road and Footpath leading from Flathouse Road past the Portsea Island Gasworks (known as Flathouse, otherwise Flathouse Road,) as lies between Flathouse Row and the Manager's House and Offices attached to the said Gasworks:

Sixth. — To permanently stop up and discontinue the Carriage-road and Footpath called Unicorn Gate Road, leading from Unicorn Gate, in the Parish of Portsea, to Abercrombie Street:

Seventh. — To permanently stop up and discontinue all Roads, Ways, Paths, and Passages leading into, across, or from the several Carriage-roads and Footpaths aforesaid:

Eighth. — To permanently stop up and discontinue the several Roads or Ways known as Pitt Street, Portland Street, and Stewart's Row, passing over and across the Lands and Fields commonly called Pesthouse Fields in the Parish of Portsea:

And may erect, make, and maintain all Buildings, Erections, Drains, Sewers, Ways, and Works necessary or proper for the Execution, Management, or Use of the said several Works.

5. As soon as the Admiralty have completed and opened for public Use the new Landing Substitution of Place (of which Completion and Opening a Certificate under the Hand of the Recorder L»ndinS of Portsmouth shall be conclusive Evidence, which Certificate the said Recorder shall p^nt^Hard." sign on being satisfied of such Completion and Opening) the following Provisions shall take effect; namely, —

(1.) The Admiralty may permanently stop up and discontinue (as against the Public) the now-existing public Hard or Way, Passage, Pier, or Landing Place on the Shore

516 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 103.

of Portsmouth Harbour known as Anchor Gate Wharf (herein-after called th present Hard), and the Approach thereto:

(2.) Thenceforth all Rights of Way and other Rights, and all Powers, Interests, Privileges, and Easements, in, over, or affecting the present Hard and the Approach thereto, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be extinguished, and the present Hard and the Approach thereto and the Soil thereof respectively shall vest absolutely and exclusively in the Admiralty, subject nevertheless and according to the Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864:

(3.) The Right and Obligation to maintain, repair, watch, light, and manage the new Landing Place and the Property therein shall devolve on and be vested in the Corporation, Commissioners, Trustees, or public Body or Persons for the Time being charged with the Maintenance, Repair, Watching, Lighting, and Management of the public Streets and Ways of the Parish of Portsea:

(4.) The Admiralty shall from Time to Time dredge, scour, and keep open a proper Channel or Approach up to the new Hard.

Road from Unicorn Gate.

6. The Admiralty shall at all Times maintain and repair the new Road or Street commencing at Unicorn Gate (being the Work thirdly herein-before described).

7. As soon as any Part of the Foreshore which the Admiralty are by this Act authorized to purchase or take is purchased or taken by them, or any Road, Footpath, or Way which the Admiralty are by this Act authorized to permanently stop up and discontinue is stopped up by them, all Rights of Way and other Rights, and all Powers, Interests, Privileges, 8cc. to be an(* Easements, in, over, or affecting the same or any Part thereof respectively, shall

extinguished, be extinguished, and the same Part of the Foreshore Road, Footpath, or Way, and the Soil thereof respectively, shall vest absolutely and exclusively in the Admiralty, subject nevertheless and according to the Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864.

When Foreshore is purchased, and Roads, &c. stopped up.

The Portsea g. The Portsea Island Gaslight Company may, at their own Expense, at or any Time ^mpanyfo^e a^cr the passing of this Act, erect and construct Two Jetties from that Portion of allowed to their Works which is situate between the Flathouse otherwise the Flathouse Road and construct Two the Shore of the said Harbour to the Channel or Approach herein-before described, and Jetties. -which the Admiralty are by this Act authorized to make and execute, and may thenceforth

use such Jetties for any Purpose whatsoever connected with their Undertaking: Provided always, that all the Works of and in relation to the said Jetties shall be executed under the Direction and to the Satisfaction of the Admiralty; and that if at any Time hereafter the Admiralty, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty and delivered at the Office of the said Company, require the said Company to remove the said Jetties, or either of them, the said Company shall within Three Months from the Delivery of such Notice remove the same accordingly, and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition; and if they fail wholly or in part so to do, then on or at any Time after the Expiration of that Period the Admiralty may remove or complete the Removal of such Jetty or Jetties and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition at the Expense of the said Company, and the Amount of such Expense shall be a Debt due from the said Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly with Costs, or the same may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recovered from the said Company.

As to Road 9. So much of the said Road known as Flathouse otherwise Flathouse Road as is

Work^of the s^uate *n front and to the North-east of the Manager's House and Offices attached to Portsea Island the said Gasworks, and between the Point where the Premises of the Company on the Gaslight South-east Side of such Road commence and the Point where the Premises of the said

Company. Company on the North-west Side of such Road terminate, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act become the Property of the said Gas Company, and may thenceforth be appropriated and used by them as Part of their Undertaking.

517

. 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to extend the Powers of the Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by The Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act, 1863, herein-after

* called the Special Act, Power was given to charge the Consolidated Fund with One

million two hundred thousand Pounds, to be at the Disposal of the Public Works Loan ' Commissioners, who were thereby empowered to make (with the Authority of an Order of the Poor Law Board) Advances out of the Money for the Time being at their Disposal,

whether under the Special Act or any other Act, for the Purpose of enabling Local ' Authorities in the Counties therein mentioned to give Employment to the Labouring and ' Manufacturing Classes, by Execution of Works of Public Utility and Sanitary Improvement; And whereas sundry Advances have been made by the said Commissioners in ' exercise of the Powers conferred upon them by the Special Act, and great Benefits have ' been derived therefrom: And whereas the Sums remaining at the Disposal of the said

Commissioners are insufficient to meet the further Advances required for effecting the (Objects herein-before mentioned, and it is expedient to make Provision for that Purpose,

and for extending for a further Period the Power of the Poor Law Board to make Orders ' for Loans under the Special Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. For the Purposes of Loans under the Special Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of them, cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, such Money to be applied exclusively under the Special Act, and to be at the Disposal of the Public Works Loan Commissioners, in like Manner in all respects as Money placed at their Disposal under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty), and the Acts therein recited, subject nevertheless to the Provisions of the Special Act and this Act, which Provisions shall have full Effect, notwithstanding anything in the Public Works Loan Act, 1853, to the contrary contained.

2. All the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in and conferred and imposed by the said Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty, and the Acts therein recited, or any of them, so far as the same can be made applicable, and are not varied by the Special Act or this Act, shall be taken to extend to this Act, and to everything to be done in pursuance of this Act, and as if the same were herein repeated and set forth.

3. The Power of the Poor Law Board to make Orders for Loans conferred by the Special Act shall be extended until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

4. Where any Local Board or Local or other Authority propose to contribute to, purchase, or execute, by means of a Loan under the Special Act and this Act, any Works of Sewerage or Water Supply, the Cost whereof, in addition to and inclusive of the Amount of any Advances to such Local Board or Local or other Authority previously authorized under the Special Act or this Act, is estimated to exceed One Year's rateable Value of the Property assessable within the District in respect of which such Loan is required, the Poor Law Board may by their Order authorize such Local Board or Local or other Authority to borrow, and the Public Works Loan Commissioners may thereupon lend, for such Works, an Amount not exceeding, together with the Advances previously authorized under the

Special

26 & 27 Vict. c. 70.

Charge on Consolidated Fund of 350,000L to be at the Disposal of the Public Works Loan Commissioners.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 80. incorporated.

Power to Poor Law Board to make Orders extended.

Extension of Borrowing Powers in certain Cases.

Local Authorities may allow Owners to repay Expenses of private Improvement Works in 30 Years, with Interest at 3/. 10s. per Cent

Construction of Terms.

[Short Title.]

24 & 25 Vict. c. 55.

Residence in the Parish of a Settlement not to be excluded in the Computation of Period of Residence.

Not to apply to Orders executed.

Construction of Act

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 104, 105.

Special Act or this Act, Two Years rateable Value of the Property assessable within the District in respect of which such Loan is required.

5. Where any Local Board of Health or Local or other Authority shall execute any private Improvement Works by means of a Loan under the Special Act or this Act, such Local Board or Local or other Authority may allow the Owner of the Premises in respect of which such Works shall be undertaken to repay the Expenses for which such Owner may have become liable, either by virtue of the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, or of any Local Act, by equal annual Instalments not exceeding Thirty, with Interest at not less than the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum upon the Sura from Time to Time remaining unpaid; and the Instalments from Time to Time due shall, together with Interest as aforesaid, be recoverable in like Manner in all respects as the Expenses for which an Owner is made liable for private Improvement Works under the Local Government Act, 1858, or any Local Act in force in the Place where such Works have been executed respectively.

6. The Terms used in this Act shall be construed in like Manner as in the Special Act, and Section Twenty-one of that Act shall be construed as having included Parishes and Townships under separate Boards of Guardians.

7. The Special Act and this Act may be cited and described for all Purposes as "The Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Acts, 1863, 1864."

CAP. CV.

An Act to explain the Statutes of Her present Majesty for amending the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is enacted in the First Section of the Statute of the Twenty-fifth Year ' " of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-five, that after the Twenty- fifth Day of March then next the Period of Three Years should be substituted for that i of Five Years specified in the First Section of the Statute Ninth and Tenth Victoria, ' Chapter Sixty-six, and that the Residence of a Person in any Part of a Union should have ' the same Effect in reference to the Provisions of the said Section as a Residence in any i Parish: And whereas Doubts exist as to the proper Meaning of this latter Provision, and it is desirable to remove the same Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. That in the Case of any poor Person heretofore chargeable or hereafter becoming chargeable in any Parish comprised in a Union not being the Parish of his Settlement the Period of Time during which he shall have resided in the Parish of the Settlement, if in the same Union, shall not be excluded in the Computation of the Time of Residence required to render him exempt from Removal under the Statutes above referred to.

2. Nothing herein contained shall apply to any Order of Removal made and executed before the passing of this Act

3. The Words of this Act shall be construed in the same Manner as the said first-mentioned Act.

519

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 106, 107.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to make Provision in regard to the Salaries of certain Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the (- Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty, it was provided that it should be lawful

to grant to any salaried Sheriff .Substitute then in Office, or his Successor, or to any ' Sheriff Substitute thereafter to be appointed under the said Act, such Salary as to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury might seem meet, the same not in any Case exceeding One thousand Pounds by the Year and not less than Five hundred Pounds by the Year:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

X. It shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they shall think fit, to increase the Salaries of Two of the Sheriffs Substitute acting in the County of Midlothian, and Two of the Sheriffs Substitute acting in the County of Lanark, to any Amount not exceeding Fourteen hundred Pounds by the Year, anything in the said Act notwithstanding.

2. That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to provide for the Salary of the Sheriff in Chancery in Scotland in like Manner as they are empowered to make Provision for the Salaries of the other Sheriffs in Scotland, anything in any Act of Parliament notwithstanding.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863" [29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have, in pursuance of

t The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," duly made the

Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is by the said Act

provided that no such Order shall be of any Validity whatever until it shall have been

confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act

2. It is hereby declared, That, as against any Person owning or interested in any Land or other Property situate beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Board established by this Act, nothing contained in the said Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, or in the said Provisional Order, or in this Act, shall be construed to render legal any. Work executed or to be executed by such Board that would, if the said Acts had not been passed, have been illegal by reason of its injuriously affecting such Land or Property; and any Damages adjudged to be paid by the said Board to any Person as aforesaid shall be deemed to be Part of the Costs incurred by such Board in defending legal Proceedings instituted against them, and shall be defrayed in manner in which the said

Costs

16 & 17 Vict. c. 80.

Provision for Salaries of Sheriffs Substitute in Counties of Midlothian and Lanark.

Provision for Salary of Sheriff in Chancery.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

Nothing in 26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. construed to render legal Works that would have been illegal if Act had not passed.

[Short Title.]

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 107.

Costs are authorized to be defrayed by " The Drainage and Improvement of L.inJs Act (Ireland), 1863."

3, The Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental Act, Ireland, 1864."

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863.

In the Matter of Athboy Drainage District, County of Meath.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands adjoining the Athboy River, on or about the 28th Day of January 1864, presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under the Provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland"), 1863, accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information required by the said Act, showing, by Reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that the said Lands within the proposed District should be constituted a separate Drainage District under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said Act:

And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said Inspector has duly reported to us, the said Commissioners, in Writing, the Result of his Inquiries; and we, the said Commissioners, have duly considered the same, and no Objections to the Report of the said Inspector have been made to us, and all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order have been performed and complied with:

And whereas we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon consideration of the Premises, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do, by this Provisional Order under pur Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report (and the Boundaries and Extent of which are set forth within Yellow Lines on certain Maps to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached, and which Maps are deposited in the Office of Public WpVks in Ireland,) a separate Drainage District, by the Name of "The Athboy River Drainage District and we do declare that the Lands to be purchased for the proposed Works in such District (subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as we, the said Commissioners, may hereafter sanction) are the Lands in that Behalf shown and set forth in the said Maps and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked with the Letter B. and also sealed with our Common Seal.

And we, the said Commissioners of Public Works, do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of July which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Seven Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board, viz .;

William Chapman, South Hill in the County of Westmeath, Esquire;

George A. Rotheram, of Kilbride in the County of Meath, Esquire;

Henry Atkinson, of Frankville in the County of Meath, Esquire;

521

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 107, 108.

Mathew Morrison, of Bachelor's Walk in the City of Dublin, Esquire;

Edward Thos. Stapleton, of College Green in the City of Dublin, Esquire; Abraham Colles, of Ballyfallen in the County of Meath, Esquire;

Nathaniel Hone Dyas, of Athboy House in the County of Meath, Esquire:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board published in the Dublin Gazette, and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District, at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor (as defined by the said Act, and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith,) of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for the Time being of a Person being a Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District, and acting as Receiver of the Rents and Profits of such Lands:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such Elector shall be entitled to vote or exercise any Privilege as such unless the Land of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District.

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed this Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

E. Hornsby, (l.s.)

Office of Public Works,

Dublin.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts."

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that " The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts, 1854,

1858, 1862," should, in so far as such Acts or any Provisions thereof are temporary

in their Duration, be continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament for a

further Period to be named in such Act, and it is expedient that the same Acts should be c amended Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1864."

2. " The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1854," herein-after called the Principal Definition of Act, "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1858," herein-after called the First Principal Act, Amendment Act, and "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1862," herein-after called &c* the Second Amendment Act, and this Act, shall, so far as is consistent with the Context and Objects of such Acts, be construed as One Act; and the Principal Act, the First Amendment Act, the Second Amendment Act, and this Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts, 1854, 1858, 1862, 1864."

3. Where Her Majesty, by Order in Council, has directed or shall direct the Principal Provision as to Act, or the Principal Act and the First Amendment Act, or the Principal Act and Xhe Acta coming 27 & 28 Vict. 3 X First mt0 operatl011 *

Tower to include Stock in Sales.

Power to appoint Receiver of Lands and Stock after Conditional Order for Sale.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 108, 109.

First and Second Amendment Acts, to cotfae into operation in any of the Colonies mentioned in the Schedule to the Principal Act, or where any of such Colonies has presented or shall present an Address to Her Majesty praying Her Majesty to issue such Order, then and in every such Case such Order and such Address respectively shall apply and be construed to apply as well to this Act, and to any Act of the present Session of Parliament continuing " The West Indian Incumbered Estates Acts, 1854, 1858, 1862," as aforesaid (so far as regards the said Acts), as to the Principal Act, or as to the Principal Act and the First Amendment Act, or as to the Principal Act and the First and Second Amendment Acts (as the Case may be).

4. Where any Land shall be sold under the aforesaid Acts or any of them, the Commissioners shall have Power to include in such Sale all or any Horses, Mules, Cattle, live or dead Stock, Plant, Carts, Carriages, Implements, duplicate and other unfixed Machinery, Utensils, and other Chattels and Effects used or employed in or about the Cultivation of such Land or any Part thereof, and which may be subject to any Incumbrance affecting such Land or any Part thereof, and all or any other Horses, Mules, Cattle, live or dead Stock, Plant, Carts, Carriages, Implements, duplicate and other unfixed Machinery, Utensils, and other Chattels and Effects used or employed in or about the Cultivation of such Land, and the Owner or part Owner or any Mortgagee of which shall apply for or consent to such Sale, and to apply the Monies arising from the Sale of such Chattels and Effects in the same Manner in all respects as if such Chattels and Effects had been Land sold under these Acts, or otherwise according to the Rights and Interests of the Parties entitled thereto; and such Monies shall be subject to the Payment of the same Commissions or Percentages and Fees as they would have been subject to if they had arisen from Land sold under these Acts.

5. The Commissioners shall have the same Powers of appointing a Receiver or Receivers of any Lands for the Sale of which a Conditional Order has been made by them under these Acts, and likewise of the Horses, Mules, Cattle, live or dead Stock, Plant, Carts, Carriages, Implements, duplicate and other unfixed Machinery, Utensils, and other Chattels and Effects used or employed in or about the Cultivation of such Land or any Part thereof, which may be subject to any Incumbrance affecting such Land or any Part thereof, and all or any other Horses, Mules, Cattle, live or dead Stock, Plant, Carts, Carriages, Implements, duplicate and other unfixed Machinery, Utensils, and other Chattels and Effects used or employed in or about the Cultivation of such Land, and the Owner or part Owner or any Mortgagee of which shall apply for or consent to the Appointment of such Receiver or Receivers, as they have under "The West Indian Incumbered Estates Act, 1862," over any Land for the Sale of which an Absolute Order has been made by them.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

[29th July 1864.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having further considered the State, Condition, and Sufficiency of the Fortifications existing for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and being desirous to provide forthwith for the Construction of certain Works for the Defence of Your Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and for the Creation of a Central Arsenal, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty the further Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred

for

52.1

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 109.

for those Purposes, and we have resolved that a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds be raised by such Terminable Annuities as herein-after mentioned, and we do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Towards defraying the Expenses herein-after mentioned any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. Such Sum or Sums as may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing Produce thereof as aforesaid, shall be applied as mentioned in the Schedule to this Act towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred in constructing the aforesaid Fortifications and Works for the Defence of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards of the United Kingdom (including the Naval Establishment at Haulboicline), and the Fortifications at Dover and Portland, and in purchasing the Land and Rights in Land that may be required for the Purposes of such Fortifications and Works; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time apply such Sum or Sums accordingly: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to apply any of such Sums to any Work not specifically named in the Schedule, nor to apply to any Work any greater Sum than that which is set down in the Schedule as the total estimated Cost of the Work.

3. To provide for the Issues to be made out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing Produce thereof, and to repay to the Consolidated Fund the Amount which may have been previously so issued under this Act, or for either of those Purposes, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or from Time to Time, after the passing of this Act, to raise any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds as herein-after mentioned; and for raising all or any Portions which may bd so raised from Time to Time of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to cause to be created, and vested in the Contributors to the said Sum or to the respective Portions thereof, Annuities for such Term not exceeding the Term of Thirty Years as the Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit to fix in the Contract with such Contributors, and to be payable half-yearly by equal Payments on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October.

4. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to contract, in such Manner and under such Regulations as they may deem advisable, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who may be willing to advance the whole or any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Portion thereof which the said Commissioners may at any Time think it requisite to raise, and to appoint and fix the Amount and Times of Payment of Deposits and Instalments of or in respect of the Sums contracted to be advanced, and to declare and fix the Term and the Amount of Annuity to be created under this Act to which the several Persons and Corporations advancing such Sums (who are herein referred to as the Contributors), their respective Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall be entitled in respect of each One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, and to appoint on which of the half-yearly Days herein-before mentioned the First Half Year's Payment of Annuity shall become due, and the Time or Times at which the said Annuities or proportional Amounts thereof shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to fix the Time during which Receipts for such Deposits or Instalments as aforesaid shall be assignable; and the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall be entitled for every One hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid to an Annuity for such Term and of such Amount as shall be so fixed by the Commissioneri of the Treasury, to be payable during the Term so fixed by half-yearly Payments

650,000l. to be issued out of Consolidated Fund towards Expenses after mentioned.

Appropriation of the Money so issued to the Expenses of constructing Fortifications.

Treasury to raise 650,000l. by creating Annuities for a Term not exceeding Thirty Years.

Treasury to fix the Term and Amount of Annuity to be granted to Contributors for every 100/. and Terms of Payment of Subscription.

Power to Guardians, &c. to subscribe for Infants.

Time at which Annuities may be transferred.

Contributors may anticipate Payments.

Annuities payable, &c. at the Bank.

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities and Charges.

Bank of England to appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General, and Treasury to order Money to be issued to the

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 109

as aforesaid, the first half-yearly Payment to be due as the said Commissioners may have appointed as aforesaid.

5. It shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards advancing any Part of any Sum to be raised by Annuities in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and such Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

6. All Deposits, Instalments, and Sums to be paid by the Contributors, their Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, after Payment of the required Deposit, have made due Payment of any subsequent Instalment payable by them respectively on the Days appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury towards a Sum raised under this Act, such Contributors may have a proportional Amount of the Annuities to which they may be entitled in respect of such Instalment forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and on Payment of the last Instalment such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have a proportional Amount of like Annuities placed to their respective Credits corresponding, at the Rate aforesaid, to the aggregate Amount of the Deposit and of such last Instalment; and the Persons to whose Credit such Annuities, or such proportional Parts thereof, shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England (in such Manner as is herein-after directed); and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Purpose, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all Such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Annuities to which they will be entitled under this Act

7. All such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall pay into the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers the whole of their respective Contribution Money, or any Part thereof, in anticipation of the Instalments appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of them, shall be entitled to have forthwith inscribed into their respective Names the whole or such proportional Amount of the said Annuities; but Discount shall not be allowed on any such Payment m anticipation of any of the said Instalments.

8. All the Annuities created under this Act shall be payable and paid and be transferable at the Bank of England.

9. So much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities to be created under the Act, together with the Charges attending the same, and all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the said Consolidated Fund.

10. For the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities shall have expired, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One or other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and so much of the Money by this Act to be set apart for the

Purpose

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 109.

Purpose as sluill l)e sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Annuities and the Charges attending the same shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the Dividends payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

11. The Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall receive any Deposits or Instalments from Contributors in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and also Warrants for the proportional Amounts of Annuity to be created in respect of the Instalments intermediate between the Deposit and the last Instalment on the Payment of those Instalments respectively; and the Receipts and Warrants so to be given shall be assignable and transferable by Delivery thereof during such Time as shall have been fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and no longer; and such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer as after mentioned all the Monies which he or they shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest* into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

12. All such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in respect of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Portion thereof, raised by Annuities as aforesaid, shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

13. In the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors to any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, which may be raised under this Act, shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and inspect without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, at such Time or Times as may be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

14. In case any such Contributors to any Portion of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds which may be raised under this Act, after having paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money as a Deposit, at the Time and in the Manner appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, m part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner which shall have been appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, then and in every such Case such Deposit shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Deposit, and to the Annuity in respect thereof, shall be extinguished.

15. All Persons and Corporations who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities which may be created under this Act, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under

them,

525

Cashier for Payment of Annuities.

Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, and pay the Money he receives into the Exchequer.

The Money paid into the Exchequer to form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors Names, and a Duplicate to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers.

Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties.

Power to Treasury to add Annuities created under this Act to Stock of existing Terminable Annuities of like Duration.

Allowance to Bank of England for the Expense of Management

Fortifications, &c. to be executed under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 109.

them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise.

16. Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Annuities created under this Act shall be entered and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof, and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

17. Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they think it expedient so to do, for raising all or any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds to contract and provide that all or any of the Terminable Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this Act in respect of such Sum or Portion as aforesaid shall be consolidated with and deemed Part of the Joint Stock of the Terminable Annuities created by the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, or of the Joint Stock of any Terminable Annuities transferable at the Bank of England and charged on the Consolidated Fund by the Authority of Parliament for the same Term for the Time being unexpired, and payable on the same half-yearly Days, as the Annuities which they may contract to create, and in every such Case the Annuities to be created under this Act shall be added to and form Part of the Joint Stock of the previously existing Annuities accordingly.

18. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Sum of Six hundred Pounds for the said Contributions as an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the same, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

19. The Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal, the Expenses of constructing and providing which are to be defrayed under this Act, shall be constructed and provided respectively under the Direction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and the Land to be purchased and acquired for the Purposes of such Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal shall be vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty.

20. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall in the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and in every subsequent Year in which any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall be issued from the Consolidated Fund or raised by Annuities under this Act, cause to be prepared an Account of the Monies raised under this Act, up to the First Day of that Month, and of the Amount of Annuities created in respect of the Money so raised, and of the Monies which shall have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on that Fund under this Act up to the First Day of April, specially showing the Works or Purposes for or in respect of which the Monies may have been applied, and showing the Amount, if any, which may remain to be raised of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised under this Act, and the Amount, if any, remaining to be issued or Applied of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on the said Consolidated Fund; and every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after the Preparation thereof, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

21. If

SSL If any Person shall forgo or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counler-terfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the whole or any Part or Parts of the said Contributions towards any Sum raised under this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person so forging or counterfeiting or altering, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or1 altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall, at the Discretion of the Court, be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, cfr with or without Solitary Confinement for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

22. The said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act until} the Annuities created under this Act shall cease.

Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony.

Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities cease.

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.

Total Expended to 3l8t March 1864. Amount Amount Further

Station. District. Name of Work. Estimated Cost. already voted. proposed 1864-5. Amount to complete.

Portsmouth - Spithead Hor Be Sand Fort 260,000 1 f 36,000 25, 00Q 199,000

No Man's Land 290,000 V 39, 698 36,000 25,000 229,000

Other Spithead Works 310,000 1 36,000 i- 274,000

Needles Needles Battery 1

Hatherwood Warden Point Cliff End - 50,000 18, 112 34, 500 5,000 10, 500

Golden Hill - 30,000 1, 132 19, 267 13,000 5,000 12)000

Hurst Castle 108,000 43,000 30,000 35,000

Isle of Wight Puckpool and St Helen's 87,000 9, 612 22,000 10,000 55,000

Batteries.

Sandown Bay Defences 105,000 80, 582 90,000 10,000 5,000

Military Road and Posts for 35,000 . 15,000 5,000 15,000

Defence of South-west Coast

Portsdown - Fort Wallington 75,000 34, 501 45,000 30,000 —

Fort Nelson 75,000 41, 338 45,000 30,000 —

Fort Southwick 85,000 38, 494 45,000 30,000 10,000

Fort Widley 75,000 39, 111 45,000 30,000 —

Fort Purbrook and Outworks 135,000 31, 554 65,000 10,000 60,000

Gosport Gilkicker Battery 50,000 - 10,000 15,000 25,000

Stokes Bay Lines Fort Grange 28,000 I 26, 448 I 208,000

Fort Rowner Fort Brockhurst V 180,000 136, 680 J

Fort Fareham 90,000 65, 372 73,000 15,000 2,000

Hilsea - Hilsea Lines 100,000 1 40, 306 45,000 25,000 30,000

Southsea Eastney Batteries

Lump's Battery Southsea Castle V 55,000 20, 827 35,000 10,000 10,000

Plymouth - Sea Defences- Picklecombe Battery 80,000 20, 222 40,000 5,000 35,000

Staddon Point Battery 60,000 11, 493 38, 475 25,000 15,000 20,000

Breakwater Battery - 145,000 55,000 15,000 75,000

Drake's Island Battery 32,000 23, 660 32,000 -

Eastern King Battery Western King Battery | 15,000 12, 700 15,000 __

Mount Edgecumbe Battery -

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8.

Total Expended to 31st March 1864. Amount Amount Further

Station. District. Name of Work. Estimated | Cost. already voted. proposed 1864-5. Amount to complete.

Plymouth - Staddon Staddon Fort Fort Stamford - | 168,000 £ 97, 324 £ 133,000 £ 30,000 £ 5,000

Maker - Knatterbury -

Whitesand Bay - 28,000 22, 317 26,000 1,000 1,000

Cawsand Bay -

Maker Barracks - 20,000 - 20,000

North Eastern North Eastern Defences - 350,000 2, 035 100,000 40,000 210,000

Devonport - Devonport Lines - 10,000 7, 440 9, 500 - 500

Antony - - Fort Tregantle Fort Screasdon - | 260,000 185, 286 230,000 25,000 5,000

Pembroke - Milford Haven Stack Rock Fort 60,000 12, 873 42,000 5,000 13,000

South Hook Battery - I

Hubberstone Battery - V 146,000 115, 764 146,000 -

Popton Battery -

Chapel Bay Battery - 10,000 - 5,000 - 5,000

Fort Scoveston (North of 50,000 12, 580 31,000 5,000 14,000

Milford Haven).

Works to Southward of Mil- 80,000 - - - 25,000 55,000

ford Haven.

Portland Portland Verne Citadel, and Batteries 120,000 68, 912 82,000 25,000 13,000

connected therewith.

Nothe Fort - 87,000 58, 531 70,000 10,000 7,000

Breakwater Batteries - 145,000 45, 992 55,000 30,000 60,000

Gravesend - Thames Coalhouse Fort 90,000 31, 099 60,000 . 30,000

Cliffe Fort _ 80,000 25, 563 48,000 5,000 27,000

Shornmead - 80,000 22, 391 42,000 8,000 30,000

Medway and Sea Defences Isle of Grain 100,000 71, 130 80,000 20,000 —

Sheerness. Garrison Point - 80,000 10, 318 36,000 10,000 34,000

Hoo Fort Darnet Fort - 50.000 59.000 | 45, 074 64,000 10,000 35,000

Slough Battery - 15,000 300 10,000 - 5,000

Works in front Works in front of Mile Town 40,000 3, 678 10,000 15,000 15,000

of Mile Town.

Chatham Eastern Eastern Defences - 500,000 - 500,000

Dover Dover Castle Hill Fort 1

Dover Castle.

[278,000 230, 252 250,000 25,000 3,000

Western Heights -

Cork Cork Spike Island Defences . 10,000 2, 053 5,000 1,000 4,000

Carlisle Fort - 79,000 21, 738 37,000 5,000 37,000

Camden Fort - 70,000 11, 755 20,000 10,000 40,000

Total Works - 5, 620,000 1, 853, 989 2, 700,000 650,000 2, 270,000

Incidental Expenses (Works) _ _ 120,000 76, 605 120,000 -

Site for Central Arsenal - 150,000 - 150,000

Lands, including Cost of Surveys, Surveyors* Charges, legal

and other incidental Expenses - - 1, 030,000 924, 374 1, 030,000 -

£ 6, 920,000 2, 854, 968 3, 850,000 650,000 2, 420,000

Provided for by 23 & 24 Vict c. 109. - 2,000,000

Provided for by 25 & 26 Vict c. 78. - 1, 200,000

Provided for by 26 & 27 Vict c. 80. 650,000

Total of this Enactment ---- 650,000

Total of the Four Enactments - £ 4, 500,000

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 110, 111.

529

CAP. CX.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the Mitigation of Penalties.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS by various Public Acts of Parliament Penalties are imposed in respect of certain Offences, and it is provided that such Penalties are not to be reduced (below the Limits in such Acts specified: And whereas the Provisions of the said Public

Acts are contravened by special Enactments introduced into certain Local Acts, empowering ' the Justices or Court having Cognizance of Offences in certain Localities to mitigate all (Penalties in respect of such Offences: And whereas it is expedient to prevent such Contravention as aforesaid of the general Law:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Where any Public Act of Parliament provides that in respect of any Offence therein pro.

mentioned a Penalty is to be imposed of not less than a particular Sum of Money, or of hibitedfrom not less than a certain Term of Imprisonment or other Punishment therein specified, it mitigating shall not be lawful for the Justices or Court having Cognizance of such Offence to genmd^owere mitigate such Penalty below the Limit specified in that Act of Parliament, in pursuance of Local Act. of any Power of mitigating Penalties conferred on such Justices or Court by any Local or Private Act of Parliament.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Limited Penalties Act, 1864."

[Short Title.]

CAP. CXL

An Act to transfer certain Houses in and near Cranbourne Street in the City of Westminster' from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works to Her Majesty, for the Considerations therein mentioned.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of Three several Acts of Parliament, (namely,) c an Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Seventy- 16 Vict (eight, an Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty- \q & 17 Vict 17 Vict. c four, and an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter c. 44.

Sixty-seven, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings have 20^& 21 Vict. ' executed and completed divers Improvements in Pimlico and in the Neighbourhood of c Buckingham Palace, in the same Acts or some of them specified or referred to, including ' divers new Streets, Thoroughfares, and open Spaces which have been given up to the Public: And whereas the Property appropriated to the said Improvements consisted,

first, partly of Land and Houses belonging to Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary ' Land Revenues of the Crown, of the estimated Value of Eight thousand Pounds;

secondly, partly of Land and Houses purchased at different Times for an aggregate Sum of Seventy thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, out of Monies arising from the Sale of other Parts of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown; and thirdly, of Land and Houses purchased with Monies granted by Parliament for that Purpose: And whereas the total Value of the Crown Property appropriated to the said Improvements ' amounts to the Sum of Seventy-eight thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds: And whereas Parts of the Property appropriated as aforesaid were sold to defray the Costs

27 & 28 Vict. 3 Y Of

530

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 111.

of the said Improvements, and in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty- four a further Part thereof was sold for the Sum of Four thousand three hundred ' Pounds, for the Site of the Duchy of Cornwall Office, and the Remainder of the Property appropriated as aforesaid remains vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary ' Land Revenues of the Crown, subject only to the Leases and Tenancies of the Lessees

or Tenants thereof, and, as regards the Streets, Thoroughfares, and open Spaces aforesaid, to the Rights of the Public over the same, and the Direction and Management ' thereof has since the Completion of the said Improvements been transferred to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, who have since ' received the Rents and Profits of such Parts thereof as are productive of Income: And whereas so much of the said Property remaining vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown as aforesaid as has been added to Buckingham ' Palace and the Grounds thereof in the course of the said Improvements has been valued ' by Daniel Norton of Old Broad Street in the City of London, Surveyor, at the Sum of Twenty-two thousand six hundred Pounds: And whereas the aforesaid Sum of Four

thousand three hundred Pounds, the Purchase Money for the said Duchy of Cornwall ' Office, was paid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land ' Revenues, and a further Sum of Eight hundred and thirty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings ' and Fourpence, arising from the Sale of Materials of Buildings pulled down in the course of the said Improvements, was paid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and carried by such last-mentioned Commissioners to the Credit of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown:

(And whereas, after deducting the aforesaid Sums of Four thousand three hundred i Pounds, Twenty-two thousand six hundred Pounds, and Eight hundred and thirty-five ' Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Fourpence, from the aforesaid Sum of Seventy-eight

thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, a Sum of Fifty thousand five hundred and

twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Eightpence remains: And whereas the Estate ' and Interest of Her Majesty in right of the Crown in the Property now remaining vested

in Her Majesty as aforesaid, exclusive of the Part added to Buckingham Palace and the Grounds thereof as aforesaid, and of the Streets, Thoroughfares, and open Spaces ' aforesaid, has been valued by James Pennethorne of Whitehall Yard, Surveyor, at the Sum of Thirty-six thousand five hundred and forty-six Pounds, and the Difference between the last-mentioned Sum and the said Sum of Fifty thousand five hundred and

twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Eightpence, being the Sum of Thirteen thousand ' nine hundred and seventy-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Eightpence, represents the Value of the Property which has been dedicated to the Public in the new Streets,

Thoroughfares, and open Spaces aforesaid: And whereas it is just and proper that the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown should be compensated for the Loss of the

last-mentioned Sum in manner herein-after directed: And whereas, under and by virtue t of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-two, the Hereditaments described and comprised in the Schedule to this Act are (together

with other Hereditaments) now vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works

and Public Buildings, and their Successors, as incorporated by the last-mentioned Act, (for an Estate in Fee Simple, subject only to the Leases or Tenancies affecting the same,

as in the said Schedule mentioned; and by virtue of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Queen Victoria, Chapter Eighteen, the last-mentioned Commissioners

are required to sell the same Hereditaments (under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury), and to pay the Proceeds of the Sale thereof into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund: And whereas the

Estate and Interest of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings

in the said Hereditaments comprised in the said Schedule hereto have been valued by the aforesaid James Pennethorne at the Sum of Fifty-two thousand six hundred and forty-c five Pounds Eighteen Shillings: And whereas the Commissioners of Her Majesty's ' Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues have now in their Hands a Sum of Thirty-eight

thousand six hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Fourpence (Part

of a larger Sum), arising from the Sale of Lands and Hereditaments Part of the Hereto J ditary

531

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 111.

ditary Land Revenues of the Crown, and subject to be laid out in the Purchase of other c Lands and Hereditaments, to be added to the same Hereditary Land Revenues: And whereas it will be convenient that the said Hereditaments comprised in the said Schedule hereto should be transferred to Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown, in consideration of the said Sum of Thirteen thousand nine hundred and seventy eight Pounds Three Shillings and Eightpence, which ought to be reimbursed to the Hereditary Land Revenues as aforesaid, and of the Sum of Thirty-eight thousand six hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Fourpence, to be paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: '

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues shall, on Commissioners or before the Twenty-sixth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, °a VN38°667t/> pay the said Sum of Thirty-eight thousand six hundred and sixty-seven Pounds Fourteen 14*. 4J. to the Shillings and Fourpence, now in their Hands, as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, to Consolidated the Account of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland. 'Fund.

2. So soon as such Payment shall have been made, all the said Hereditaments comprised and described in the said Schedule hereto shall forthwith become and remain vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown, for all the Estate and Interest therein now vested in the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and with Power for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to recover the Rents and to compel the Performance of the Covenants by and in the Leases or Agreements for Leases thereof reserved and contained and on the Parts of the respective Tenants thereof to be paid, observed, and performed.

Upon such Payments the Hereditaments comprised in the Schedule to become vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown.

3. The Rents in arrear at the passing of this Act, and the Rents which shall accrue Providing for due down to and inclusive of the First quarterly or half-yearly Day of Payment which ^nd A^Uon shall happen after the Payment of the said Sum of Thirty-eight thousand six hundred and ment of Rents, sixty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Fourpence, as aforesaid, in respect of any of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Schedule hereto, shall be received by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, but shall be paid by them to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, subject to the Deduction thereout by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of One Moiety of the Half Year's Rents which will accrue due at Christmas 1864 in respect of any Hereditaments the Rents of which are payable half-yearly at Christmas and Midsummer.

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

Coventry Street to Long Acre.

Name of Lessee. Premises. No. Annual Rent Date of Lease. Term. Expiration of Lease.

£ d.

Alexander A Messuage on the West Side 79 80 0 0 10th September 1847 80 Years Christmas 1924.

Robb. of Saint Martin's Lane.

Robert Arch- Ditto - - 78 75 0 0 27th September 1845 80 Years Christmas 1924.

butt

Idem - A Messuage on the West Side"]

of Saint Martin's Lane and 1 on the South Side of Cran- [| bourne Street - - J 77 26 | 75 0 0 26th September 1845 80Years Christmas 1924.

532

Name of Lessee. Premises. No.' ' . 1 Annual Rent. Date of Lease. Term. 1 Expiration of Lease.

£ B. 1 d. I I I

Robert Arch- A Messuage on the South Side 1 27 75 0 0 25th September 1845 \ j 80 Years Christmas 1924.

butt. of Cranbourne Street(Second West from Saint Martin's 1

Lane). 1 o!, i

Idem Ditto (Third West Saint Martin's Lane). from i I 28 1, i 75 0 1 24th September 1845 80 Years 1 Christmas 1924.

Lancelot Ar- Ditto -, 29 31 10 01 3d December 1845 80 Years | Michaelmas 1024.

cher Burton. I

Idem - Ditto . - \ 30 1 1 35 0 0 4th December 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto . ' 31 1 I 32 0 0 5th December 1845 1 80 Years j Michaelmas 1D24 *

William Dent Ditto _ 32 35 0 0 3d December 1845 80 Yeans Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto _ 33 34 0 0 1 4th December 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto . 34 35 0 0 i 5th December 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Charles Morton. Ditto - - and id Saint Martin's 35; 12 }ioo 0 1 0 1 i 31st December 1845 42 Years | Midsummer 1887.

Court

George Healey Ditto Ditto - 36 18 113 0 0 j 19th July 1860 42 Years Michaelmas 1886.

John Hill - Ditto Ditto - 37 1 14 j}102 5 0 1 31st December 1846 42 Years' I Michaelmas 1886.

William Herbert Idem - Ditto - i ' l [39 63 i 0 0 23d August 1845 - 80 Years Michaelmas 1924. 1

Ditto _ 40 22 0 0 25th August 1845 - 1 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - i 41 37 0 0 26th August 1845- - 80Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - 42 | 32 0 0 27th August 1845 - 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - . i 43 ' 38 0 0 28th August 1845 - 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - 1 44 38 0 0 29th August 1845 - 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto 45 27 0 0 30th August 1845 - 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - and in Bear Street - "; }55 0 0 1 1st September 1845 ' 80 Years 1 Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - j 48 1 54 0 0 2d September 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - A Messuage on the North Side | 16 1 56 0 0 | 15th December 1845 80 Years 1 Michaelmas 1924.

of Craubourae Street. i i

Idem - Ditto - - j 1 17 i I 40 0 0 16th December 1845 i 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto . i 1 18 1 24 0 0 ' 17th December 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - (19 25 0 0 i 18th December 1845 80 Years: Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - 20 54 0 0: 19th December 1845 80 Years Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto - 2! 54 0 0 20th December 1845 80 Years i Michaelmas 1924.

Idem - Ditto I 25 60 15 0 22d December 1845 80 Years 1 Michaelmas 1924.

Killingworth A Messuage in Upper 1 Saint | 5 32 5 0 3d December 1845 80 Years j Michaelmas 1924.

Hedges. Martin's Lane. 1 I

William Ditto _ _; 4 20 0 0 23d March 1846 - 8QYcars Michaelmas 1924.

Hooper. i 1 I i

Idem - Ditto - - 3 20 0 0 24th March 1846 - j 80YearB Michaelmas 1924.

£ 1, 649 15 0; j I I

CAP. CXII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to future Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to assimilate the Law affecting Freehold, Copyhold, and (Leasehold Estates to that affecting purely Personal Estates in respect of future

Judgments, Statutes, and RecognizancesTherefore be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal,

533

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 112.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. No Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance to be entered up after the passing of this Act shall affect any Land (of whatever Tenure) until such Land shall have been actually delivered in Execution by virtue of a Writ of Elegit or other lawful Authority, in pursuance of such Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance.

2. In the Construction of this Act the Term " Judgment" shall be taken to include registered Decrees, Orders of Courts of Equity and Bankruptcy, and other Orders having the Operation of a Judgment; and the Term u Land " shall be taken to include all Hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, or any Interest therein; and the Term " Debtor " shall be taken to include Husbands of married Women, Assignees of Bankrupts, Committees of Lunatics, and the Heirs or Devisees of deceased Persons.

3. Every Writ or other Process of Execution of any such Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance, by virtue whereof any Land shall have been actually delivered in Execution, shall be registered in the Manner provided by an Act passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to further amend the Law of Property, but in the Name of the Debtor against whom such Writ or Process is issued, instead of, as under the said Act, in the Name of the Creditor; and no other or prior Registration of such Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance shall be or be deemed necessary for any Purpose; and no Reference to any such prior Registration shall be required to be made in or by the Memorandum or Minute of such Writ or other Process of Execution which shall be left with the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas for the Purpose of such Registry.

4. Evex'y Creditor to whom any Land of his Debtor shall have been actually delivered in Execution by virtue of any such Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance, and whose Writ or other Process of Execution shall be duly registered, shall be entitled forthwith, or at any Time afterwards while the Registry of such Writ or Process shall continue in force, to obtain from the Court of Chancery, upon Petition in a summary Way, an Order for the Sale of his Debtor's Interest in such Land, and every such Petition may be served upon the Debtor only; and thereupon the Court shall direct all such Inquiries to be ma le as to the Nature and Particulars of the Debtor's Interest in such Land, and his Title thereto, as shall appear to be necessary or proper; and in making such Inquiries, and generally in carrying into effect such Order for Sale, the Practice of the said Court with respect to Sales of Real Estates of deceased Persons for the Payment of Debts shall be adopted and followed, so far as the same may be found conveniently applicable.

5. If it shall appear on making such Inquiries that any other Debt due on any Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance is a Charge on such Land, the Creditor entitled to the Benefit of such Charge (whether prior or subsequent to the Charge of the Petitioner) shall be served with Notice of the said Order for Sale, and shall after such Service be bound thereby, and shall be at liberty to attend the Proceedings under the same, and to have the Benefit thereof; and the Proceeds of such Sale shall be distributed among the Persons who may be found entitled thereto, according to their respective Priorities.

6. Every Person claiming any Interest in such Land through or under the Debtor, by any Means subsequent to the Delivery of such Land in Execution as aforesaid, shall be bound by every such Order for Sale, and by all the Proceedings consequent thereon.

7. This Act shall not extend to Ireland.

Future Judgments, &c. not to affect Land until Land delivered in Execution.

Interpretation of Terms.

Writs of Execution to be registered in manner prescribed by 23 & 24 Vict. c. 38.

Creditor to whom Land delivered in Execution entitled to obtain Summary Order from Court of Chancery for Sale.

Where there are other Creditors, Notice of Sale to be served upon them.

Parties claiming Interest,

&c. bound by Order for Sale.

Extent of Act.

534

22 & 23 Vict c. cxxxiii.

20 & 21 Vict. c. cxlvii.

Short Titles.

Construction as One Act with Principal Act.

Interpretation of Terms.

Mode of Publication of Notices, &c. by Conservators.

Six Elective Conservators to be added to present Twelve nominated Conservators.

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 113.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Conservancy of the River Thames; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Addition to the Conservators of the

River Thames of a certain Number of Elective Conservators, and to discontinue the

exclusive Rights of the Trinity House in relation to the Supply of Ballast in the River Thames, and to amend the Watermen's and Lightermen's Amendment Act, 1859, (here-i after in this Act called the Watermen's Company's Act,) and to make better Provision for i the Protection and Regulation of the Fisheries in the River Thames, and in other respects

to amend the Laws relating to the River Thames, and particularly the Thames Conservancy ' Act, 1857 (hereafter in this Act called the Principal Act): '

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Thames Conservancy Act, 1864, and the Principal Act and this Act may be cited together as The Thames Conservancy Acts, 1857 and 1864.

2. The Provisions of the Principal Act, save so far as they are expressly repealed or varied by or inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall be incorporated with this Act, and this Act shall be read and have Effect together with the Principal Act as One Act, and for this Purpose the Expression " this Act," when used in the Principal Act, shall be taken to apply to the present Act as well as to the Principal Act, as the Case may require.

3. In this Act —

The Term "the Board of Trade" means the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations:

The Term "the Trinity House" means the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strand in the County of Kent:

The Term " the Watermen's Company" means the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames:

The Term " Byelaw " includes Rule, Order, and Regulation:

The Term " Fishery " includes Oyster and Shell Fishery, and the Term " Fish " includes Oysters and Shell Fish, and also the Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Fish, Oysters, and Shell Fish.

Terms to which Meanings are assigned by the Principal Act, or which have therein special Meanings, have in this Act the sarrfe respective Meanings.

4. Where* the Conservators are by this Act required to publish any Notice or Byelaw they shall do so by inserting the same once in the London Gazette, and by subsequently thereto inserting the same as an Advertisement once in each of Two successive Weeks in some One and the same daily Morning Newspaper published in London or Middlesex; and such Publication shall be deemed to be completed on the Day on which the Second of such Advertisements appears.

Addition of Elective Conservators.

5. In addition to the Twelve Conservators acting under the Principal Act, (to whom the Designation u the nominated Conservators," when hereafter used in this Act, refers,) there shall be Six Conservators elected under this Act, who shall severally have and be subject to all the same or the like Powers, Functions, Duties, Privileges, Obligations, Disabilities, and Disqualifications as the several Conservators acting under the Principal Act, so far as the same may be applicable, and except so far as is in this Act expressly otherwise provided; and the Six Conservators for the Time being elected under this Act shall be added to and

incorporated

535

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

incorporated with the existing Body Corporate of the Conservators of the River Thames, and shall, with the Twelve Conservators for the Time being acting under the Principal Act, constitute and be One and the same Body Corporate, in like Manner in all respects as if by the Principal Act Provision had been made for the Election of such additional Six Conservators, and their Incorporation as Members of the Body Corporate thereby constituted; and all the Provisions of the Principal Act or of any other Act relative to the Powers, Functions, Duties, Privileges, Obligations, or Proceedings of the Conservators as a Body, and all Acts and Proceedings done, taken, or pending by, against, or in relation to the Conservators as a Body, shall remain unaffected by the Addition to and Incorporation with that Body of the Six Conservators elected under this Act, and (except only as is in this Act expressly otherwise provided) shall in all respects be and continue as if this Act had not been passed.

6. The Six additional Conservators (hereafter in this Act called Elective Conservators) shall, subject and according to the Provisions of this Act, be elected by the following Classes of Electors (of which Classes respectively they shall be deemed Representatives); namely,

Two by Owners of Shipping registered in the Custom House Books of the Port of London (hereafter in this Act called Shipowners):

One by Owners of Steamers surveyed and certificated as Passenger Steamers by the Board of Trade (under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and Acts amending the same), and plying on the River Thames not Seaward of Gravesend (which Steamers are hereafter in this Act called Passenger Steamers):

Two by Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs used on the River Thames:

One by Occupiers of Docks on the River Thames established under Charter or Act of Parliament, and of Legal Quays and Sufferance Wharfs on the River Thames appointed by the Commissioners of Customs (hereafter in this Act called Dockowners and Wharfingers).

7. On or within Seven Days after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four Elections shall be held for all the Six Elective Conservators.

8. On or within Seven Days after the First Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and in every subsequent Year, Elections shall be held for filling up Vacancies among the Elective Conservators.

9. The Days, Hours, and Places on and at which the Elections by the several Classes of Electors are to be held shall be appointed by the Conservators.

Notice of every such Appointment shall be published by the Conservators, and such Publication shall be completed as to the Election by each Class of Electors not less than Fourteen or more than Twenty-eight. Days before the Day appointed for that Election.

10. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Conservators shall from Time to Time by Byelaw Tegulate the Mode of conducting Elections under this Act.

Election by Shipowners.

11. The Qualification of Electors of Representatives of Shipowners shall be regulated as follows; namely,

(1.) Every Shipowner registered as Owner of not less in the whole than Two hundred and fifty Tons of Shipping shall be qualified to give One Vote in respect of every Two hundred and fifty Tons of Shipping owned by him for each Conservator to be elected as a Representative of Shipowners, so that the Votes of any Owner for any One Conservator do not exceed Ten:

(2.) Where a Ship is registered in the Name of One Person he shall be deemed the Owner:

(3.) Where a Ship is registered in distinct and several Shares in the Names of more Persons than One, the Tonnage shall be apportioned among the Owners as nearly as may be in proportion to their respective Shares, and each of such Persons shall be deemed the Owner of the Tonnage so apportioned to him:

(4.) Where a Ship is registered jointly, without Severance of Interest, in the Names of more Persons than One, the Tonnage shall, if it is sufficient, either alone or

together

Constituencies for Election of additional Conservators.

17 & 18 Vict c. 104.

Time frfr First Elections.

Time for subse-quentElections.

Days, Hours, and Places for Elections.

Regulations by Byelaws.

Qualification of Shipowners.

53G

Annual List of Shipowners to be furnished to Conservators from Custom House.

Qualification of Owners of Passenger Steamers.

Annual List of Owners of Passenger Steamers to be famished to

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

together with other Tonnage (if any) owned by such joint Owners, to give a Qualification to each of them, be apportioned equally between them; and each of such joint Owners shall be deemed to be the Owner of the equal Share so apportioned to him; but if it is not so sufficient, the whole of such Tonnage shall be deemed to be owned by such One of the joint Owners as is first named on the Register:

(5.) For the Purposes of any Apportionment under this Section, any Portion may be struck off, so as to produce a divisible Amount:

(6.) The whole Amount of Tonnage so owned by each Person, whether in Ships or in Shares of or Interests in Ships, shall be added together, and if sufficient shall constitute his Qualification.

12. The Electors of Representatives of Shipowners shall be ascertained for the Purposes of each Election as follows; namely,

(1.) On or as soon as may be after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in every subsequent Year, the Registrar of Shipping for the Port of London shall, with the Assistance of the Registrar General of Seamen, make out a List of the Persons and Bodies Corporate who are by virtue of this Act entitled on each such First Day of October to vote at the Election of a Representative of Shipowners:

(2.) The List shall contain in alphabetical Order the Surname of every Person so entitled, with his Christian Name or Names, and his Place of Business or Residence, and the Name of every Body Corporate so entitled, with their Place of Business, and with the Number of Votes to which every such Person or Body Corporate is entitled:

(3.^ The List shall be signed by the Registrar of Shipping:

(4.) The List shall be delivered to the Conservators on or within Seven. Days after the First Day of November in each Year:

(5.) The Conservators shall pay all Expenses properly incurred by the Registrar of Shipping in making the List:

(6.) The List shall be conclusive Evidence that the Persons and Bodies Corporate therein named, and no others, are entitled to vote at the Election of any Conservator as Representative of Shipowners to be held in the Month of December next after the List is made out, and that those Persons and Bodies Corporate respectively are entitled to the Number of Votes stated in the List:

(7.) Within Seveu Days after the Delivery of the List to the Conservators they shall cause the same to be printed, and thenceforth until the Day of Election inclusive they shall cause printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable Price to all Persons desiring to buy the same.

Election by Owners o f Passenger Steamers.

13. The Qualification of Electors of the Representative of Owners of Passenger Steamers shall be regulated as follows; namely,

(1.) The Ownership of each Passenger Steamer shall confer on the Owner or Owners thereof the Right to One Vote and no more at each Election, so that the Votes of any Owner do not exceed Ten:

(2.) For the Purposes of such Election the Person or Persons or Body Corporate entered on the Books of the Board of Trade as the Owner or Owners of each Passenger Steamer shall be deemed the Owner or Owners thereof:

(3.) Where more Persons than One are entered on the Books of the Board of Trade as Owners of a Passenger Steamer, such One of those Persons as is first entered on those Books shall alone be qualified to vote in respect of such Passenger Steamer at any such Election.

14. The Electors of the Representative of Owners of Passenger Steamers shall be ascertained for the Purposes of each Election as follows; namely,

(1.) On or as soon as may be after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in every subsequent Year, the Board of Trade

shall

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113. 537

shall make out a List of the Persons and Bodies Corporate who are by virtue of this Act entitled on each such First Day of October to vote at the Election of a Representative of Owners of Passenger Steamers:

(2.) The List shall contain in alphabetical Order the Surname of every Person so entitled, with his Christian Name or Names, and his Place of Business or Residence, and the Corporate Name of every Body Corporate so entitled, with their Place of Business, and with the Number of Votes to which each such Person and Body Corporate is entitled:

(3.) The List shall be signed by One of the Secretaries of the Board of Trade:

(4.) The List shall be delivered to the Conservators on or within Seven Days after the First Day of November in each Year:

(5.) The Conservators shall, if required, pay all Expenses incurred by the Board of Trade in making the List:

(6.) The List shall be conclusive Evidence that the Persons and Bodies Corporate therein named, and no others, are entitled to vote at the Election of a Conservator as Representative of the Owners of Passenger Steamers to be held in the Month of December next after the List is made out, and that those Persons and Bodies Corporate respectively are entitled to the Number of Votes stated in the List:

(7.) Within Seven Days after the Delivery of the List to the Conservators they shall cause the same to be printed, and thenceforth until the Day of Election inclusive they shall cause printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable Price to all Persons desiring to buy the same.

Election by Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs.

15. For the Purposes of Registration Section Forty-three of the Watermen's Company's Act as amended by this Act and all Provisions relative thereto, shall apply to Steam Tugs.

16. The Qualification of Electors of Representatives of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs shall be regulated as follows; namely,

(1.) The Ownership of each Lighter and the Ownership of each Steam Tug shall confer on the Owner or Owners of such Lighter or Steam Tug the Right to One Vote and no more at each Election, so that the Votes of any Owner for any One Conservator do not exceed Ten:

(2.) For the Purposes of such Election the Person or Persons or Body Corporate entered on any Register kept by the Watermen's Company as the Owner or Owners of each Lighter or Steam Tug shall be deemed the Owner or Owners thereof:

(3.) Where more Persons than One are entered on any such Register as Owners of a Lighter or Steam Tug, such One of those Persons as is first entered on the Register shall alone be qualified to vote in respect of such Lighter or Steam Tug at any such Election.

17. The Electors of Representatives of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs shall be ascertained for the Purposes of each Election as follows; namely,

(1.) On or as soon as may be after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in every subsequent Year, the Watermen's Company shall make out a List of the Persons and Bodies Corporate who are by virtue of this Act entitled on each such First Day of October to vote at the Election of Representatives of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs:

(2.) The List shall contain in alphabetical Order the Surname of every Person so entitled, with his Christian Name or Names, and his Place of Business or Residence, and the Name of every Body Corporate so entitled, with their Place of Business, and with the Number of Votes to which each such Person or Body Corporate is entitled:

(3.) The List shall be certified under the Common Seal of the Company, and under the Hands of the Master and the Clerk of the Company, as a true and correct Li*t for the Purposes and according to the Requirements of this Act:

(4.) The List shall be delivered to the Conservators on or within Seven Days after the First Day of November in each Year:

27 & 28 Vicx. 3 Z (5.) The

Conservators by Board of Trade.

Registration by Watermen's Company of Steam Tugs.

Qualification of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs.

Annual List of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs to be furnished to Conservators by Watermen's Company.

Qualification of Dockowners and Wharfingers.

Annual List of Dockowners and Wharfingers to be furnished to Conservators from Custom House.

Qualification of Representatives.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

($.) The Conservators shall pay all Expenses properly incurred by the Watermen's Company in making the List, the Amount thereof to be, in case of Difference, determined by an Arbitrator to be appointed by the Board of Trade, whose Decision shall be final:

(6.) The Watermen's Company shall, during Fourteen Days after the Delivery of the List, afford to the Conservators, their Officers and Agents, Access at all reasonable Times, without Payment, to the Book or Books kept by the Watermen's Company for the Purposes of the Registration of Lighters and Steam Tugs, in order to enable the Conservators to compare the List delivered with such Book or Books, and to revise the same by such Comparison, and the Conservators shall compare and revise the same accordingly, and the Secretary of the Conservators shall sign the revised List:

(7.) The List, so revised and signed, shall be conclusive Evidence that the Persons and Bodies Corporate therein named, and no others, are entitled to vote at the Election of Representatives of Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs, to be held in the Month of December next after the List is made out, and that those Persons and Bodies Corporate respectively are entitled to the Number of Votes stated in the List:

(8.) Within Seven Days after the Delivery of the List to the Conservators they shall cause the same to be printed, and thenceforth until the Day of Election'inclusive they shall cause printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable^Price to "all Persons desiring to buy the same.

Election by Dockowners and Wharfingers.

18. The Qualification of Electors of the Representative of Dockowners and Wharfingers shall be regulated as follows; namely,

The Occupation of each Dock, Legal Quay, and Sufferance Wharf shall confer the Right to One Vote and no more at each Election; and such Vote, where a Partnership Body is in such Occupation, shall be given in the Partnership Name.

19. The Electors of the Representative of Dockowners and Wharfingers shall be ascertained for the Purposes of each Election as follows; namely,

(1.) On or as soon as may be after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in every subsequent Year, the Commissioners of Customs shall, to the best of their Knowledge and Ability, make out a List of the Persons, Bodies Corporate, and Partnerships who are by virtue of this Act entitled on each such First Day of October to vote at the Election of a Representative of Dockowners and Wharfingers:

(2.) The List shall be signed by the Surveyor General of Customs:

(3.) The List shall be delivered to the Conservators on or within Seven Days after the First Day of November in each Year:

(4.) The Conservators shall, if required, pay all Expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Customs in making the List:

(5.) The List shall be conclusive Evidence that the Persons, Bodies Corporate, and Partnerships therein named, and no others, are entitled to vote at the Election of a Conservator as Representative of Dockowners and Wharfingers to be held in the Month of December next after the List is made out:

(6.) Within Seven Days after the Delivery of the List to the Conservators they shall cause the same to be printed, and thenceforth until the Day of the Election inclusive they shall cause printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable Price to all Persons desiring to buy the same.

General Provisions as to Elections.

20. Every Male Person of full Age entitled to vote at the Election of a Conservator as Representative of any Class of Electors, or a Member of the Board of Directors or other governing Body of a Body Corporate, or a Member of a Partnership Body, entitled so to vote, shall be qualified, and no other Person shall be qualified, to be elected as Representative of that Class of Electors at that Election.

2L A Vote

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113. 539

21. A Vote at any Election under this Act may be given either by the Elector personally or by another Elector as his Proxy, or in case of a Body Corporate by any Shareholder or Officer of the Body as their Proxy.

The Appointment of a Proxy shall be made by an Instrument in Writing (in the Form given in the Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances may require), signed by the Appointor, or, if the Appointor is a Body Corporate, sealed with their Common Seal, and in all Cases attested by One Witness at least.

An Instrument appointing a Proxy shall not be used at any Election unless it has been deposited at the Office of the Conservators not less than Forty-eight Hours before the Time appointed for that Election.

Any such Instrument shall not be valid except for the Election next after the Date of its Execution.

Votes to be given personally or by proxy.

22. At the First Elections held under this Act such One of the nominated Conservators Returning as the Conservators appoint for the Purpose, and at every subsequent Election the Deputy Chairman of the Conservators appointed as in this Act is provided, and in his Absence such nrn y m' One of the nominated Conservators as the Conservators appqjnt for the Purpose, shall be the Returning Officer.

The Returning Officer shall, according to the best of his Judgment and Ability, make a true Return in Writing to the Conservators of the Person or Persons elected, and every Person so returned shall be deemed duly elected.

If in any Case there is an Equality of Votes for Two or more Candidates for Election to fill One Vacancy there shall be deemed to be a Failure to elect.

23. Where a Vessel, besides being certificated by the Board of Trade as a Passenger Steamer or registered as aforesaid as a Lighter or Steam Tug, is also registered with the Registrar of Shipping at the Custom House of the Port of London, the Ownership of such Vessel shall, notwithstanding anything in this Act, not confer any Right of voting at the Election of a Conservator as Representative of Shipowners; and it shall not be lawful for any Owner or any One of the Owners of such Vessel to vote in respect of such Vessel or of any Share thereof or Interest therein at any such last-mentioned Election.

If any Person votes in contravention of this Enactment he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

The Validity of any Election at which any Person so votes shall nevertheless be unaffected thereby.

Owner of Passenger Steamer, Lighter, or Steam Tug not to have Vote as Shipowner.

24. In case any Election is prevented from being held in conformity with this Act by Provision for reason of any List that is by this Act required to be delivered to the Conservators not being Non-delivery of delivered in conformity with this Act, or by reason of any other Accident or Circumstance, Ll8t* there shall be deemed to be a Failure to elect.

25. The Expenses incurred in obtaining or printing Lists of Electors, or in providing Expenses to be Places for Elections, or by the Returning Officer, or otherwise, by or on behalf of the W& hY Conservators, in relation to Elections under this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Conservancy Conservator8-Fund.

Duration of Office of Elective Conservators.

26. With respect to the Duration of Office of Elective Conservators the following Rotation of Provisions shall take effect; namely. Elective

(1.) One of the Conservators elected by Shipowners at the First Election, shall go out of

Office at the Second Election, and the other at the Third Election: Classes.

(2.) The Conservator to go out at the Second Election shall be determined by Agreement among the Conservators so elected, or in default of such Agreement by Lots drawn at a Conservancy Meeting by the Secretary of the Conservators 2 (3.) Every Conservator elected by Shipowners at the Second and every subsequent Election shall go out of Office at the Second Election after his Election:

(4.) Every Conservator elected by Owners of Passenger Steamers shall go out of Office at the Election next after his Election:

3 Z 2 (6.) One

540

Appointment by Conservators in case of Failure to elect.

Mode of supplying casual Vacancies.

Vacation of Office by Loss of Qualification.

Error in Elections not to vitiate Acts done.

Publication of proposed Byelaws, Consider-tion of Objections thereto, and reference to the Queen iu Council.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

(5.) One of the Conservators elected by Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs at the First Election shall go out of Office at the Second Election, and the other at the Third Election:

(6.). The Conservator to go out at the Second Election shall be determined by Agreement between the Conservators so elected, or in default of such Agreement by Lots drawn at a Conservancy Meeting by the Secretary to the Conservators:

(7.) Every Conservator elected by Owners of Lighters and Steam Tugs at the Second and every subsequent Election shall go out of Office at the Second Election after his Election:

(8.) Every Conservator elected by Dockowners and Wharfingers shall go out of Office at the Election next after his Election:

(9.) Every Conservator going out of Office under this Section shall be re*eligible.

Vacancies.

27. In case, for any Reason, on any Occasion, there is a Failure on the Part of any Class of Electors to elect any Conservator in conformity with this Act, the Conservators shall within One Month after suqji Failure appoint as Conservator a Person qualified to be elected by the Class of Electors so failing.

Every such Appointment shall be made at a Conservancy Meeting, Notice whereof shall be given in manner required for Special Meetings.

Every Conservator so appointed shall, for the Purposes of this Act, in all respects be as if he had been elected by the Class of Electors so failing to elect.

28. Section Seven of the Principal Act shall not apply to an Elective Conservator.

If any Elective Conservator dies or resigns, or if the Office of an Elective Conservator is vacated from any Cause other than that of his going out of Office by Rotation or by Effluxion of Time, the Conservators may, if they think fit, within One Month after the happening of such Vacancy, appoint in the Place of the vacating Conservator another Person having a Qualification of the same Nature as that had by the vacating Conservator.

Every such Appointment shall be made at a Conservancy Meeting, Notice whereof shall be given in manner required for Special Meetings.

Every Conservator so appointed shall continue in Office only so long as the Person in whose Place he is appointed would havo been entitled to continue in Office.

29. If any Elective Conservator, or any Person appointed by the Conservators under this Act in the Place of an Elective Conservator, ceases to possess the Qualification requisite for his Election or Appointment as a Conservator, his Office shall be thereby vacated.

30. Any Act of the Conservators or of any of them shall not be invalidated or be illegal by reason of any Irregularity in the Election or Appointment under this Act of any Conservator, or by reason of the Nondelivery of or the too late Delivery of or any Error in any List of Voters, or by reason of any Irregularity in the making or publishing of any such List, or by reason of any Person not qualified or ceasing to be qualified acting as a Conservator, or by reason of any Failure or Omission on any Occasion to elect or appoint any Conservator under this Act, or by reason of any other Irregularity, Error, Failure, or Omission in or about any Election, or in or about any Matter preliminary or incidental thereto.

Byelaws.

31. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four Section Forty-seven of the Principal Act shall be repealed (but not so as to affect any Byelaws or the Proof of any Byelaws made before the Commencement of such Repeal), and in lieu thereof the following Provisions shall take effect; namely,

(1.) Byelaws made after the Commencement of such Repeal under the Authority of the Principal Act, for the Purposes of that Act or this Act, shall not have any Force unless and until they are allowed by Order of Her Majesty in Council:

(2.) When the Conservators propose to make any Byelaws they shall publish the proposed Byelaws:

(3.) Before

541

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

(3.) Before the Conservators submit any proposed Byelaws for the Allowance of Her Majesty in Council, they shall, (luring One Month at least after the Publication thereof, afford to all Persons the Opportunity of making, in Writing or otherwise, Objections to or Representations respecting the proposed Byelaws; and the Conservators shall take all such Objections and Representations into consideration, and, if they think fit, may abstain from making or may alter or add to the proposed Byelaws: '

(4.) If any Alteration or Addition is so made, the Conservators shall publish the proposed Byelaws as so altered or added to, before submitting the same for the Allowance of Her Majesty in Council:

(5.) The Conservators, on submitting any proposed Byelaws for the Allowance of Her Majesty in Council, shall publish Notice that they have done so; and during One Month after the Completion of such Publication of Notice any Person may by Petition submit to Her Majesty in Council any Objection to or Representation respecting the proposed Byelaws.

32. The Conservators shall cause all Byelaws made by them after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, when the same are allowed, together with the Order in Council allowing the same, to be printed, and printed Copies thereof to be sold at a reasonable Price to all Persons desiring to buy the same.

33. A Copy of any Byelaw made by the Conservators after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and allowed, purporting to be printed by Direction of the Conservators, and being authenticated by the Common Seal of the Conservators, and the Signature of the Secretary of the Conservators, shall for all Purposes and to all Intents be conclusive Evidence of such Byelaw, and of the due making and Allowance thereof, without Proof of such Seal or Signature.

34. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, Byelaws made for the Purposes of this Act shall be made under the Authority of the Principal Act, and according and subject to the Provisions therein contained.

Public Inquiry into Complaints.

35. In case any Person complains of the Operation of any Byelaw of the Conservators, or of any Determination or Proceeding of the Conservators, or of the Conduct of any of their Omcers, he shall, on an Application in Writing to the Conservators stating the Substance of his Complaint, he entitled to have his Complaint publicly inquired into and decided on in manner following; namely,

(1.) On Receipt of such Application the Conservators shall depute One or more, not exceeding Three, of their Body to inquire into the Complaint:

(2.) A suitable Room shall be provided by the Conservators, to which the Complainant, his Agent or Attorney and Witnesses, and all other Persons interested or desirous of attending, shall have free Access:

(3.) The Conservator or Conservators so deputed shall receive the Statement of the Complainant, or his Agent or Attorney, and the Counter-Statement of any Pierson concerned, or his Agent or Attorney, and shall hear any Arguments offered, and any Evidence adduced in support of such Statement or Counter-Statement, and he or they or One of them shall write down the Substance of such Statement, Counter-Statement, Arguments, and Evidence in a narrative Form, and he or they shall report the same, and his or their Opinion thereon, for the Information of the Conservators:

(4.) The Conservators shall consider the Report, and shall decide on the Complaint, and their Decision shall be delivered in public either on the same Day, or on a subsequent Day appointed for the Purpose.

36. The Conservators may from Time to Time by Byelaw regulate (subject to the Provisions of this Act) the Proceedings on any such public or private Inquiry.

37. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, any Person not requiring a public Inquiry, but desirous of stating any Complaint personally to the Conservators, shall be at liberty to

v do

Byelaws to be printed and sold.

Proof of Byelaws.

Byelaws for this Act to be made under. Principal Act.

On Complaint made, Conservator or Conservators to be deputed to sit in public, and make Inquiry.

Regulation of Proceedings by ByelawB.

Right for Persons complaining to

542

state Complaint personally

Saving for Power to hold Meetings in public.

Appointment of a Deputy Chairman; his Duties, Ac.

Conservators, with Approval of Treasury, to be paid Sums annually.

Bights of Trinity House as to Supply of Ballast.

6 & 7 Vict c. ltii.

Power for Conservators to supply Ballast

Power for Conservators to undertake Ballast heaving.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

do bo, on attending at the Office of the Conservators, having made Application for that Purpose.

38. Nothing in this Act shall restrict the Conservators from holding any Conservancy Meeting, if they think fit, in a Room to which the Public may have Access,

jDeputy Qh air man.

39. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the following Parts of the Principal Act shall be repealed; namely,

(1.) So much of Section Twenty-one as enacts that in case the Lord Mayor shall be absent then the Conservators present shall appoint some One of their Body to preside as Chairman for the Day, or during the Absence of the Lord Mayor:

(2.) So much of Section Twenty-five as enacts that at ail Meetings of a Committee, in case of the Absence of the Lord Mayor, One of the Members present shall be appointed Chairman:

And in lieu thereof the following Provisions shall take effect; namely,

(1.) At the First Conservancy Meeting held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and afterwards at Conservancy Meetings from Time to Time as Occasion may require, (Notice of every such Meeting having been given in manner required for Special Meetings,) the Conservators shall elect from among themselves a Deputy Chairman:

(2.) At all Meetings of the Conservators the Deputy Chairman, if present, shall preside in the Absence of the Lord Mayor; and the Deputy Chairman shall ex officio be a Member of all Committees of the Conservators, and at all Meetings of such Committees the Deputy Chairman, if present, shall preside in the Absence of the Lord Mayor; and in case of the Absence from any Meeting of the Conservators, or of any such Committee, of both the Lord Mayor and Deputy Chairman, One of the Conservators or Members present shall be elected Chairman:

(3.) The Deputy Chairman shall (unless he ceases to be a Conservator) hold Office for One Year from the Time of his Election, but shall be re-eligible.

(4.) The Office of Deputy Chairman shall not be deemed an Office or Place of Profit within the Meaning of Section Eleven of the Principal Act,

Remuneration of Conservators.

40. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four the Conservators every Year shall set apart out of the Conservancy Fund such Sura, not exceeding in any Year One thousand two hundred Pounds, as the Conservators, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, think fit, and shall divide the same among the several Conservators as the Conservators from Time to Time think fit.

Ballastage.

41. From and after the Expiration of the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, (Chapter Fifty-seven, Local and Personal,) " for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thamesthe Supply of Ballast in the River Thames shall be free, any Act, Charter, or Grant notwithstanding.

42. From and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty the Conservators may, if they think fit, undertake the supplying of Vessels in the River Thames with Ballast on such Terms avS they from Time to Time think fit, and any Money coming to them in respect thereof shall form Part of the Conservancy Fund.

43. From and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty the Conservators may, if they think fit, undertake to place Ballast on board Vessels in the River Thames, or to unload Ballast therefrom, on such Terms as they from Time to Time think fit, and any Money coming to them in respect thereof shall form Part of the Conservancy Fund.

44. In

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113. 543

44. In accounting to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land One Third of Revenues, under the One hundred and fourth Section of the Principal Act, for the Proceeds 2efits annually arising from the supplying or unloading Ballast by the Conservators under the Balteetageeto Powers contained in this Act, all just Allowances shall be made to the Conservators for the he paid to Her Expenses incurred by them in or about such Ballastage, and One equal Third Part only

of the net Surplus, if any, shall be paid over to the Commissioners; but nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Operation of the One hundred and fourth Section of the Principal Act the Proceeds aocruing to the Conservators from any Licences to raiss Ballast

45. From and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Provisions as

Seventh Years of Her Majesty, Section One hundred and nine of the Principal Act shall be to dredging, repealed T —

46. From and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Trinity House Seventh Years of Her Majesty it shall not be lawful for the Trinity House to grant to any dredging80 Person a Licence to dredge in the River Thames for Sand or any other Substance.

47. From and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Session of the Sixth and Power for Seventh Years of Her Majesty, Sections Ninety-eight and Ninety-nine of the Principal Act dredgefor0"^ shall extend to authorize the Conservators, if they think fit, by themselves, or by their Ballaat Contractors or Licensees, to dredge in the Bed of the River Thames for the Purpose of

raising Ballast to be supplied by them to Vessels.

, 48. It shall be lawful for the Trinity House, with the Sanction of the Board of Trade, Power to to grant Allowances or Compensations to be paid out of the Mercantile Marine Fund to Trinity House all Persons whose Salaries are payable out of the said Mercantile Marine Fund in respect anoefwid ll°W of the Service of Lastage and Ballastage, and whose Offices or Salaries shall be abolished Compensation or eease in consequence of anything contained in this Act, or of the Expiration of the to Officers, &c. Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-seven, so nevertheless that no Allowance or Compensation to any Person whose Office or Salary shall be so abolished or cease shall exceed the Proportion of his Salary which might be granted to a Person in the Public Civil Service under the Act of the Session of the Fourth 4 & 5 W.4. and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, or under the Act c- 2^.. of the Twenty-second Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-six, or under any other 22 lctc*26# Act for regulating such Allowances or Compensations for the Time being in force.

Powers of Trinity House as to Watermen.

49. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Repeal of sixty-four the Act of the Eighth Year of Queen Elizabeth (Chapter Thirteen), to enable 8 Elia. c. 13.

" the Trinity House to erect Sea Marks and give Licence to Mariners to row on the River

"[of Thames," shall be repealed.

Buoyage, Beaconage, and Lighting.

50. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Conservators to sixty-four the Power to place or lay down Buoys and Beacons conferred on the Conser- have sole Power vators by Section Eighty-eight of the Principal Act shall be vested in the Conservators BuoysMd°Wn exclusively, anything in Part YI. of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, or in any other Beaoons.

Act, or in any Charter or Grant notwithstanding. Y104* Vict.

51. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Transfer of sixty-four the Property in and Authority over and Obligations respecting Buoys and and Beacons^to Beacons theretofore laid down by the Trinity House within the Jurisdiction of the Con- Conservators, servators shall be transferred to and vested in and imposed on the Conservators.

52. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Trinity House

rixty-fout it shall not be lawful for the Conservators to place any new Lighthouse at any ^le

Point he\ow}London Bridge; and from and after that Day the Property in and Authority lighting below over and Obligations respecting any Lighthouse theretofore placed by the Conservators Bridge, below London Bridge shall be transferred to and vested in and imposed on the Trinity

House;

Contract of Service in addition to Apprenticeship.

Form and Registration of Contract.

Person having served under Contract to be examined, and, if found competent, to obtain a Certificate, &c.

Certificate liable to be revoked, cancelled, or suspended.

Person obtaining a Certificate to be liable to Control of Watermen's Company.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

House; and the Provisions of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and of any Act amending the same, shall apply to such Lighthouses.

Amendment of Watermen!s Companies Act

53. Notwithstanding anything in the Watermen's Company's Act, or in any of the Byelaws made in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful, from and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, for any Male Person above the Age of Twenty Years who has not previously been bound an Apprentice under the Watermen's Company's Act to contract in Writing with any Person authorized to take Apprentices under the Waterman's Company's Act to serve such Person in assisting to navigate a Lighter, or in assisting to work or navigate a Steam Boat, upon the River Thames.

54. Every such Contract shall be in a Form to be settled by Byelaw under the Watermen's Company's Act, and shall be entered into and executed at the Hall of the Watermen's Company, and be entered by the Clerk of the Company in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and there shall be paid to the Company, on such Registration, by one or other of the Parties to such Contract, the following Fees; namely, on the Registration of the First Contract entered into by any Person for such Service on his Part the like Fee as is for the Time being payable to the Company on the binding of an Apprentice, and on the Registration of any subsequent Contract for such Service on the Part of the same Person the like Fee as is for the Time being payable to the Company on the Assignment of Indentures of Apprenticeship.

55. It shall be lawful for any Person who has actually served under any such Contract or Contracts for the Term of Two Years, within the Period of Three Years from the Registration of the first of such Contracts, to apply to the Watermen's Company for a Certificate authorizing him to act as a Lighterman, or to work or navigate a Steam Boat, according to the Tenor of his Contract; and if upon his Examination, and the Production of Evidence similar to that required by the Watermen's Company to prove the Competency of an Apprentice on applying for a Licence, he is found qualified to receive the same, the Company shall, on Payment as herein-after provided, grant to such Applicant a Certificate authorizing him as aforesaid in such Form as the Company from Time to Time by Byelaw determine; and there shall be paid to the Company by every Applicant for a Certificate, on the original Grant thereof, the Sum of Three Pounds Eleven Shillings, or such less Sum as the Company from Time to Time by Byelaw determine; and every Certificate shall be renewable as a Lighterman's Licence under the Watermen's Company's Act, and on Payment of the same Fee; and in case the Company refuse to grant or renew a Certificate, any Applicant for the same shall have the same Right of Appeal to the Conservators as is provided by the Watermen's Company's Act in respect of Applicants for Licences thereunder.

56. Every Person holding a Certificate as aforesaid from the Watermen's Company shall be liable to have the same revoked, cancelled, or suspended in case of any Incapacity or Misconduct in the same Manner and as fully to all Intents, and subject to the like Appeal, as is provided in the Case of licensed Freemen and Apprentices under the Watermen's Company's Act and Byelaws.

57. Every Person entering into any Contract as aforesaid, as well before as after obtaining a Certificate as herein-before provided, shall be subject and liable to the Regulations and Control of the Watermen's Company, and to the Disqualification and Penalties imposed and declared by and to the Provisions of the Watermen's Company's Act, and the Byelaws made or to be made in pursuance thereof, as fully in every respect as if such Person had been regularly bound an Apprentice in the Manner prescribed by such Act, and had been subsequently admitted as a Freeman of the said Company, or been licensed under the said Act, and the said Act and Byelaws respectively shall be read and construed so as to include and apply to such Person accordingly.

58. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113. ' 545

58. The Provisions of this Act respecting the Watermen's Company shall be read Construction of and have effect together with the Watermen's Company's Act as One Act, and for this ^m^any's Purpose the Term " this Act," when used in the Watermen's Company's Act, shall be taken Act.

to include the present Act.

59. Nothing in Section Fifty-four or in Section Sixty-six of the Watermen's Company's Limitation of Act shall apply to any Craft passing entirely through the Limits of that Act, or to any

Barges navigating the Grand Junction Canal, passing into or out of the said Canal from Watermen's or to the River Thames, and not navigated up or down the said River. Company's

Act

60. Section Eighty-seven of the Watermen's Company's Act shall be read a. d construed Amendment of as if after the Words <c Apprentice of," in the Beginning of the Section, were inserted the Sect 8 7. of Act. Words <e a Freeman or of," so as to make the Provisions therein contained applicable to the Apprentice of a Freeman.

61. Every Widow of a Freeman taking an Apprentice under the Watermen's Company's widows of Act shall keep or employ some Person, being a Ereeman of the Company or a licensed Freemen on Lighterman (as the Case may be), to instruct such Apprentice in the Business for which

he may be so bound to her, ami shall cause him to be so instructed before he is admitted a employ Free-Freeman of the Company, or licensed to work as a Lighterman in manner provided by the men, &c. to Company's Act. ' instruct them.

62. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Watermen's Company's Act, all Barges Provision in duly registered, navigated from any Places on the River Thames above Teddington ^vour< *

Lock, may be navigated on the River Thames as far as London Bridge without being e ar^es* compelled to employ a Freeman, Apprentice, or other Person licensed by the Watermen's Company in manner required by the Watermen's Company's Act or this Act.

63. Nothing in the Watermen's Company's Act, or in the Provisions of this Act Preserving relating to the Watermen's Company, shall be held to affect any Rights, Privileges, Q^Jg°£f or Exemptions actually enjoyed at the passing of the Watermen's Company's Act by i^e Barges. Owners of Barges or other Craft passing along the River Lee and its Branches into or from or along the River Thames, or to affect the Persons employed in such Barges or other Craft.

Bumhoals,

64. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred Byelaws for and sixty-four the Conservators may from Time to Time make Byelaws for the registering 0feBUmboats. and regulating of Bumboats, — that is to say, Craft used for the Purposes of Dealings

in Provisions, Liquors, Stores, or other Goods with Seamen or others employed on or about the River Thames, — and of the Persons working or using such Bumboats.

- Protection of Fisheries.

65. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Byelaws for

sixty-four the Conservators may from Time to Time make Byelaws for the following Purposes or any of them; namely, Nets, Seasons, '

For the protecting, preserving, and regulating of the Fisheries in the River Thames, and &c-the Preservation of the Fish therein:

For the registering and regulating of Boats or Vessels on the River Thames used for

O O © r>

fishing by Persons following the Business of Fishermen, or kept to be let to Hire for fishing, and the governing of Persons following the Business of Fishermen, and using or working such Boats or Vessels for fishing, and of Persons keeping such Boats or Vessels for letting to Hire for fishing:

For the Prohibition of the Use of Nets and Apparatus improper to be used for taking Fish:

For determining the Times during which the taking of any particular or specified Kinds of Fish shall not be practised:

For determining and regulating the Duties of Water Bailiffs or other proper Officers to be appointed by the Conservators to carry such Byelaws into execution:

27 & 28 VICT. 4 A And

30 G. 2. c. 21.

Power for Water Bailiffs and other Officers to enter Fishing Boats, &c.

Saving certain Rights in Fisheries.

Power to Conservators to alter Steamboat Tolls.

Power to take Tolls for Moorings.

Annuities under Navigation Bonds to be charged on the Conservancy Fund, with Power to the Conservators to buy up the Bonds.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

And from and after the Commencement of the Operation of any such Byelaws the Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second (Chapter Twenty-one), "for the more " effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River " Thames and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof/' shall be repealed, so far as the Provisions thereof relate to the River Thames in respect of any of the Matters comprised in such Byelaws.

66. Any Water Bailiff or Officer appointed by the Conservators to carry into execution any Byelaws relating to Fisheries, and also any other Person specially authorized in this Behalf by Writing under the Common Seal of the Conservators, may enter into any Fishing Boat or other Vessel employed, or about to be or having been employed, in fishing or taking Fish or endeavouring to take Fish on the River Thames, and may therein search for Fish unlawfully taken, and any unlawful or prohibited Net or Apparatus for taking or destroying Fish, and may seize any such Fish, Net, or Apparatus found therein, and may also seize on the Shore of the River Thames any Fish unlawfully taken, or any unlawful or prohibited Net or Apparatus for taking or destroying Fish.

Any such Water Bailiff, Officer, or Person shall, with all practicable Speed after so seizing any Fish or Net or Apparatus, bring the same before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with in pursuance of the Byelaws, or otherwise according to Law.

67. This Act, or any Power conferred by this Act, or any Byelaw made or other Thing done under any such Power, except any Byelaw made for any of the Purposes following that is to say, for the Preservation of the Fish in the River Thames, for the Prohibition of the Use of Nets and Apparatus to be used for taking Fish, and for determining the Times during which the taking of any particular or specified Kinds of Fish shall not be practised, and except the Provisions of this Act relative to the Powers and Duties of Water Bailiffs and other Officers of the Conservators, shall not extend to take away, alter, or abridge any Right, Claim, Privilege, Franchise, Exemption, or Immunity to which any Owner or Occupier of any private Fishery in the River Thames is entitled, or to empower the Conservators to interfere with the Exercise of the Rights of such Owner or Occupier, but the same shall remain and continue as if this Act had never been made.

Tolls.

68. In Heu of all or any Part of the Tolls leviable under Section Sixty-five of the Principal Act on Steam and other Passage Vessels mentioned in that Section, the Conservators may from Time to Time, by Byelaw, appoint Tolls to be levied thereon (either in all Cases or in certain Cases to be defined by Byelaw) according to the Number of Passengers landed at or embarked from any Pier or Landing Place in that Section mentioned.

69. The Conservators may levy on Vessels not paying Tonnage or other Dues under the Principal Act, and using any of the Moorings on the River Thames belonging to the Conservators, in respect of the Use of such Moorings, such reasonable Tolls or Dues as may from Time to Time be fixed by the Conservators by Byelaw.

Navigation Bonds.

70. The Conservators shall be liable, and be deemed to have been always since their Incorporation liable, to pay the Annuities before the passing of the Principal Act charged upon the Security of Tolls leviable on the Navigation of the River Thames, in all respects as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled would have been liable if the Principal Act had not been passed, and as if the same had been charged upon the Conservancy Fund defined by the One hundred and thirty-sixth Section of the Principal Act; and the said Annuities shall be and shall be deemed to have been always charged on the Conservancy Fund; and the Conservators may from Time to Time, as and when they shall think proper, redeem such Annuities at such Prices and upon such Terms as shall be mutually agreed on between the Conservators and the Bondholders respectively; and for such Purpose the Conservators may, if they shall think proper, apply any Funds now in their Hands, or which may come to their Hands under the Provisions of the Principal Act.

Sale

547

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

Sale of Land.

71. It shall be lawful for the Conservators to contract for and to sell for such Consideration as they may deem reasonable, and by any Deed under their Corporate Seal to convey to the Purchasers thereof, any Lands vested in them, or any Part thereof, which in their Judgment shall not be required for the Purposes of this Act or the Principal Act, in such Manner as they shall deem most advantageous; and such Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances from the Conservators shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and the Money produced by such Sales shall be added to the Conservancy Fund: Provided always, that the Proceeds of any Sales of any Lands so vested being Part of the Bed or Shores of the River Thames shall he applied in accordance with the One hundred and fourth Section of the Principal Act.

Audit.

72. Section One hundred and seventeen of the Principal Act, and all Provisions relative thereto, shall be read and construed as if, in lieu of the Power to appoint an Auditor of the Accounts of the Conservators conferred by the last-mentioned Section on the Authority in that Section mentioned, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury were thereby directed to appoint such an Auditor, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall annually appoint such an Auditor accordingly.

Discharge of Colliers.

73. It shall be lawful for the Conservators, from Time to Time as and when they shall think fit, to license and permit to be erected, established, and used, at such fair and reasonable Rent as herein-after provided, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as they shall think fit to impose, any Stages, Cranes, Apparatus, and other Machinery on the Bed of the River Thames or afloat suitable and convenient for the unloading and discharging, by Steam, Hydraulic, or other Power, of Colliers trading to and from the Port of London, and from Time to Time to order and direct such Stages, Cranes, Apparatus, and other Machinery, or any of them, to be removed; but no such Licence or Permission shall be granted unless and until the Rent to be thereunder reserved shall have been assessed and determined as provided by the Fifty-eighth Section of the Principal Act; and all such Rents shall be applied in accordance with the One hundred and fourth Section of the Principal Act: Provided, that Notice of any Application for such Licence shall be inserted in the London Gazette, and in Four of the daily Newspapers circulating in the Metropolis, and by giving to the Owners and Occupiers of any Property on the Banks of the Thames in front of which such such Derrick or Erection is to be placed at least Two Months before such Licence shall be granted.

Injuries to River by throwing in Ballast, &c.

74. If any Person, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie upon him), does any of the following Things; namely,

(1.) Unloads, throws, or puts or causes or suffers to fall any Gravel or other Substance which has been used as Ballast, or any Stones, Earth, Mud, Ashes, or Rubbish, or any Refuse from Gasworks or other Manufactories, into the River Thames or on the Shore thereof;

(2.) Unloads, throws, or puts or causes or suffers to fall any such Gravel or other Thing as aforesaid into any River, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse communicating with the River Thames at any Point within Three Miles of the River Thames, measured in a direct Line therefrom, so that the same will be carried or be likely to be carried by, through, or out of such River, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse into the River Thames;

(3.) Knowingly puts any such Gravel or other Thing as aforesaid in any Place w here the same is likely to be carried by Floods or extraordinary Tides into the River Thames;

4 A 2 (4.) Cxusca

Sale of superfluous Lands.

Treasury to appoint Auditor of Accounts of Conservators.

Power for Conservators to authorize the Erection of Cranes, &c. for the Discharge of Colliers in the Kiver Thames.

Prohibition of throwing Ballast, &c. into River, or allowing offensive Matter to flow into it.

Penalty for assaulting Constable, &c.

Jurisdiction of Justices of Kent, Essex, and Gravesend.

Venue for Trial of Offences.

Application of

pecuniary

Penalties.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

Act not to affect Rights, &c. saved by Principal Act, except as expressly provided.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

(4.) Causes or suffers any Washing or other Substance produced in making or supplying Gas, or any other offensive Matter, to flow or pass into the River Thames, or to flow or pass into any River, Stream, Cut, Dock, Canal, or Watercourse aforesaid, within the Distance aforesaid, so that the same will be carried or be likely to be carried by, through, or out of the same into the River Thames; he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Where any Offence against this Enactment is committed from or out of a Vessel, the Master and the Owner of the Vessel shall be liable io be proceeded against and punished under this Enactment, so that the Master and the Owner of the Vessel be not both punished in respect of the same Offence.

Any Constable, and any Person whom a Constable may call to his Assistance, may take into Custody without Warrant any Person found committing any Offence against this Enactment.

Protection of Officers.

75. If any Person assaults or resists, or aids or incites any Person to assault or resist, any Constable, Water Bailiff, or other Officer or Person in the Execution of his Duty or the lawful Exercise of any Authority under the Principal Act or under this Act, or under any Byelaw of the Conservators made or to be made, such Offender shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

Procedure, &c.

76. For the Purposes of the Principal Act and of this Act, and of any Byelaw of the Conservators made or to be made, the Jurisdiction of all Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Essex and Kent respectively, and of the Magistrates of the Borough of Gravesend in the County of Kent, shall extend over the whole of the Waters of the River Thames and the Banks and Shores thereof between Broadness Point and the Lower Hope>

77. For the Purposes of Proceedings under the Principal Act or under this Act, or under any Byelaw of the Conservators made or to be made, every Offence shall be deemed to have been committed, and every Cause of Complaint under the Principal Act or this Act or any Byelaw shall be deemed to have arisen, either in the Place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any Place in which the Offender or Person complained against may be.

78. Where under the Principal Act or under this Act, or under any Byelaw of the Conservators made or to be made, any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is recovered by the Conservators in a summary Manner, the same shall be paid to the Conservators, and shall form Part of the Conservancy Fund, anything in the Act of the Session of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Seventy-one), i(for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis," notwithstanding.

Savings.

79. This Act, or any Power conferred by this Act, or any Byelaw made or other Thing done under any such Power, shall not —

(1.) Take away, alter, interfere with, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from any Right, Title, Claim, Privilege, Franchise, Exemption, Immunity, Possession, Profit, Power, Jurisdiction, or Authority saved or intended to be saved from or out of the Operation of the Principal Act by the following Sections thereof, namely, Sections Fifty-one, Fifty-two, Eighty, One hundred and sixty-four, One hundred and sixty-six to One hundred and sixty-eight, and One hundred and seventy to One hundred and seventy-nine (all inclusive), or any of them:

(2.) Repeal, alter, or prejudicially affect the same Sections or any of them, or any Enactment saved or intended to be saved from or out of the Operation of the Principal Act by the same Sections or any of them, or take away or alter any Restriction imposed on the Conservators by the same Sections or any of them:

(3.) Take

549

27° Si 28° VICTORIA, c. 113, 114.

(3.) Take away, alter, interfere with, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from any Right, Title, Claim, ' Privilege, Franchise, Exemption, Immunity, Possession, Profit, Power, Jurisdiction, or Authority saved or intended to be saved from or out of the Operation of the Principal Act by Sections One hundred and sixty-five and One hundred and sixty-nine thereof, or either of them, further or otherwise than is expressly provided by this Act.

80. Nothing in this Act, or any Byelaw made in pursuance thereof, shall extend to take away, interfere with, limit, prejudice, affect, abridge, or impeach any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities or Property vested in the Commissioners for putting into execution the Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving the Island of Canvey in the County of Essex, or any Acts or Things done by the said Commissioners under the said Act.

81. This Act, or any Power conferred by this Act, or any Byelaw made or other Thing done under any such Power, shall not take away, alter, interfere with, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from any Right, Title, Claim, Privilege, Franchise, Exemption, Immunity, Possession, Profit, Power, or Authority which under the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, or any other Act now in force, or any of the Provisions thereof respectively, the Two Societies of the Inner Temple and the Middle Temple, or either of them, are or is entitled to, or, if this Act were not passed, might from Time to Time have, exercise, enjoy, or claim.

82. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, affect, or interfere with the Powers, Rights, Authorities, and Privileges of the Metropolitan Board of Works conferred on them by the Thames Embankment Act, 1862, and the Thames Embankment (South Side) Act, 1863, or any Act which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament for amending, altering, or extending the Powers of the last-mentioned Act, or with the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Duties of the said Board under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Metropolitan Board of Works.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Proxy Paper.

The Thames Conservancy Act, 1864.

I, A.B. of, being entitled to Votes at the Election

of a Conservator, as Representative of Owners of Passenger Steamers [or as the Case may be\ at the Election to be held in the Month of December 186, do by this Writing nppoint

CD. of to be my Proxy to vote on my Behalf at that Election.

(Signed) A.B.

Witness,

X.Y.,

of

CAP. CXIV.

The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Advance of private Money for Drainage of

Lands in Great Britain and Ire'an!, and several Companies have been incorporated by Act of Parliament, with special Powers for promoting the Improvement of Land in Great

Saving Rights of the Canvey Island Commissioners.

32 G. 3. c. xxxi.

Saving Rights of the Inner and Middle Temple.

25 & 26 Vict c. 93.

Saving Rights of the Metropolitan Board of Works.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 100.

Recited Act 12 & 13 Vict. c. 100. repealed.

Commissioners, Landowner8, frc.

Interpretation of the Commissioners."

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 33.

5 & 6 Vict c. 89.

Provisions of 9 & 10 Vict c. 101., &c. to extend and be applicable to Proceedings of Commissioners.

Assistant Commissioners may take Declarations and examine Witnesses. Punishment of Persons giving false Evidence.

As to Service of Notices on Commissioners.

As to the Services of Notices on other Persons.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Great Britain and Ireland by Drainage and otherwise; and it is desirable to amend and ' consolidate the Law relating to the Improvement of Land by Owners of limited Interests, and to enable such Owners to charge their Lands with Money subscribed for the Con-f struction of Railways and navigable Canals which will permanently increase the Value of such Lands Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Act first above mentioned, being " The Private Money Drainage Act, 1849," is hereby repealed, except so far as relates to any Proceedings on Applications pending under the said Act at the Date of the passing hereof, it being the Intention hereof that all such Proceedings shall be worked out under the said Act, and that all Charges to be made in consequence of any such Proceedings shall be made and operate under the said Act, which shall apply thereto as if this Act had never been passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Charge made under the said Act before the passing hereof, or any Right or Obligation existing or which may arise in respect of any such Charge.

And with regard to the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and other general Matters, be it enacted as follows:

2. By " the Commissioners " shall herein be meant, as regards Lands in Great Britain, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and as regards Lands in Ireland, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under an Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, and an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with Drainage, in Ireland, and the several Acts amending the same respectively.

3. All the Provisions of the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drainage, and of any and every other Act for the Time being in force relating to any of the aforesaid Commissioners, so far as the same may concern or be 'auxiliary to the Proceedings or Inquiries of the Commissioners under the Authority of such Acts or any of them, or the Authentication of Instruments, shall, except as in this Act otherwise provided, extend and be applicable to their Proceedings and Inquiries, and the Authentication of Instruments, under this Act.

4. Every Assistant Commissioner or Inspector acting in any Matter, Inquiry, or Proceeding by the Authority and in the Execution of this Act may receive Declarations and Statements, and examine upon Declaration all such Persons as may voluntarily attend before him in such Matter, Inquiry, or Proceeding.

5. If any Person shall wilfully give false Evidence in any Matter, Inquiry, or Proceeding under the Provisions of this Act, or shall make or subscribe a false Statement or Declaration for the Purposes of this Act, such Person shall, in England or Ireland, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and in Scotland of a Crime and Offence, and shall be punished accordingly.

6. Any Notice requiring to be served upon the Commissioners may be served by the same being left at or transmitted through the Post, directed to their Office in London.

7. In all Cases in which it shall be necessary under the Provisions of this Act to serve any Notice upon any other Person, it shall be sufficient to send such Notice in a registered Post Letter, directed to such Person at his then or last known Place of Residence or of Business, unless the Letter containing such Notice shall be returned from the Post Office as undelivered; and if such Person shall not have any Place of Residence or of Business within Great Britain or Ireland, or if the Place of Business or of Residence of such Person cannot with due Diligence be ascertained, then such Notice may be served upon such other Person ns his Representative, or be given in such other Manner as the Commissioners shall in such Case direct or approve.

8. The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114. 551

8. The Word " Landowner" shall mean herein, as to Lands in England, the Person who Interpretation shall be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of any Land, whether £Wner*?

of Freehold, Copyhold, Customary, or other Tenure, except where such Person shall be a Tenant for Life or Lives holding under a Lease for Life or Lives not renewable, or shall be a Tenant for Years holding under a Lease or an Agreement for a Lease for a Term of Years not renewable, whereof less than Twenty-five Years shall be unexpired at the Time of making any Application to the Commissioners, without regard to the real Amount of the Interest of any Person so excepted; and in the Case where the Person in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of any Land shall fall within the above Exceptions, then the Person who for the Time being shall be in the actual Receipt of the Rent payable by the Person so excepted, unless he shall also fall within the above Exceptions, shall, jointly with the Person who shall be liable to the Payment thereof, be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be the Owner of such Lands; and as to Lands in Scotland, the Word " Landowner " shall denote and include every Fiar, Liferenter, or Heir of Entail who shall be in the actual Possession of the Land, or in receipt of the Rents payable on the Tacks, Leases, or Tenancies of the Tenants in the actual Possession thereof; and as to Lands in Ireland the Word " Landowner" shall mean such Person as under the Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to l & 2 Vict. abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof \ shall 109 *

have the first Estate of Inheritance, or other Estate or Interest equivalent to a perpetual Estate or Interest therein, and also any Tenant in Dower or by the Curtesy, or any Person having under the Limitations of any Settlement by Deed, Will, Act of Parliament, or otherwise any Estate for Life, or other particular Estate thereby created or limited out of or in any Estate of Inheritance, or by, out of, or in any such Estate or Interest as by or under the last-mentioned Act is to be deemed equivalent to a perpetual Estate or Interest; and as to Lands in any Part of the United Kingdom, the Word " Landowner " shall include a Corporation, and also such Persons as are empowered by the Twenty-third Section hereof.

9. By " the Improvement of Land " shall herein be meant all or any of the following Interpretation Matters:

1. The Drainage of Land, and the straitening, widening, deepening, or otherwise men improving the Drains, Streams, and Watercourses of any Land:

2. The Irrigation and warping of Land:

3. The embanking and weiring of Land from the Sea or Tidal Waters, or from Lakes, Rivers, or Streams in a permanent Manner:

4. The inclosing of Lands, and the straitening of Fences and Redivision of Fields:

5. The Reclamation of Land, including all Operations necessary thereto:

6. The making of permanent Farm Roads and permanent Tramways and Railways and navigable Canals for all Purposes connected with the Improvement of the Estate:

7. The clearing of Land:

8. The Erection of Labourers Cottages, Farmhouses, and other Buildings required for Farm Purposes, and the Improvement of and Addition to Labourers Cottages, Farmhouses, and other Buildings for Farm Purposes already erected, so as such Improvements or Additions be of a permanent Nature:

9. Planting for Shelter:

10. The constructing or erecting of any Engine-houses, Water-wheels, Saw and other Mills, Kilns, Shafts, Wells, Ponds, Tanks, Reservoirs, Dams, Leads, Pipes, Conduits, Watercourses, Bridges, Weirs, Sluices, Floodgates, or Hatches, which will increase the Value of any Lands for agricultural Purposes:

11. The Construction or Improvement of Jetties or Landing Places on the Sea Coast, or on the Banks of navigable Rivers or Lakes, for the Transport of Cattle, Sheep, and other agricultural Stock and Produce, and of Lime, Manure, and other Articles and Things for agricultural Purposes; provided that the Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Works will add to the permanent Value of the Lands to be charged to an Extent equal to the Expense thereof:

12. The Execution of all such Works as in the Judgment of the Commissioners may be necessary for carrying into effect any Matter herein-before mentioned, or for deriving the full Benefit thereof.

Interpretation of " Person/ '

Proceedings preliminary to Sanction of Improvements.

Application to Commissioners to sanction Improvements.

Joint Application by several Landowners.

Commissioners may issue Forms;

require Security for Expenses.

cause Application to be investigated;

and require proposed Improvements to be modified.

Advertisements and Notices preliminary to Sanction.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

10. The \V old Ci Person" shall in this Act include Companies and all other Corporations,

And with regard to the Proceedings preliminary to the Sanction of any Improvements, be it enacted as follows:

11. When any Landowner shall be desirous of borrowing or advancing Money under this Act for the Improvement of his Land, he shall make an Application to the Commissioners to sanction the proposed Improvements in such Manner and Form and stating such Particulars as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and until the proposed Improvements shall have been sanctioned by the Commissioners in manner herein-after mentioned, the Application may be withdrawn or altered, or consolidated with any other Application, at the Pleasure of the Applicant, but without Prejudice to his Liability as herein-after mentioned for the Expenses incurred by the Commissioners or their Officers in consequence of his Application.

12. Any Two or more Landowners may, with the Consent of the Commissioners, join in an Application to them to sanction the Improvement of the Lands of such Landowners respectively, but the Sum to be charged in pursuance of any such joint Application shall be apportioned so that a separate and distinct Sum may become charged on the Land of each Landowner.

13. The Commissioners may from Time to Time frame and circulate, as they shall see Occasion, Forms indicating the Particulars of the Information to be furnished to them by Landowners for the Purposes of this Act, and such other Forms as the Commissioners may deem expedient for facilitating any Proceedings under this Act.

i

14. The Commissioners may require Security to he given to them by the Landowner, by Bond, Deposit, or otherwise, in such Form as they may think fit, for the Payment to them of the Expenses which they or their Officers shall incur in respect of the Investigation on any Application, and, if they shall issue such provisional or other sanctioning OrtUr as herein-after mentioned, of the Expenses which they or their Officers shall incur in inspecting and ascertaining the due Execution of the Works; but unless the Commissioners shall issue such absolute Order as herein-after mentioned, such Payment shall not be a Charge on the Land to which such Application relates, but shall be a Debt due by the Person making such Application to the Commissioners, and shall be recoverable by them as in the Nature of a Crown Debt.

15. If the Commissioners shall think fit to entertain the Application so made to them, they may cause the Land to be inspected and examined by an Assistant Commissioner, or an Engineer or Surveyor, who shall have regard to and examine the Proposals and Statements contained in such Application, and shall report his Opinion thereon, and who shall also report whether in his Judgment the proposed Improvements will effect a permanent Increase of the yearly Value of the Land exceeding the yearly Amount proposed to be charged thereon in respect of the Improvements applied for; and the Commissioners may by themselves, or any Assistant Commissioner, Engineer, or Surveyor, make such other Inquiries in relation to any such Application as they shall think fit: Provided that the above Requisition as to increased annual Value shall not apply to any Outlay proposed to be made upon or in respect of planting only.

16. The Commissioners shall have Power to require such Alterations os they shall think expedient to be made in the Improvements proposed, or in the proposed Mode of executing them.

17. Before the Commissioners shall sanction any Improvements, Notice shall be given of the Application as well by Advertisement inserted in Two successive Weeks in some Newspaper published in the County in which the Land to be improved lies, or in case there shall be no such Newspaper published in such County then in some County adjoining thereto, as by a Notice in Writing given, where such Lands are situate in England or Ireland, to every Person entitled to any Estate in such Land, or any Part thereof, in reversion or remainder, up to and inclusive of the Person entitled to the first vested Estate of Inheritance therein, and to every Person entitled to any Mortgage upon such Land or any Part thereof who by

reasonable

553

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

reasonable Inquiry shall be known to be so interested, and given, where such Lands are situate in Scotland, to the nearest Heir or Heirs of Entail, not exceeding Three, and to the Holders of every Heritable Security on such Lands appearing upon the Records; and in such Advertisements and Notices respectively shall be stated the maximum Amount which it is proposed to charge in respect of the Improvements, and the greatest and least Terms over which it is proposed that the Rentcharge should be spread; and the Commissioners shall not sanction the Improvements until One Month shall have elapsed from the Publication of the Second of such Advertisements and the Service of such Notices (if any) respectively, of which Publication, and of the Service of all necessary Notices as aforesaid, the Landowner shall, if required by the Commissioners, satisfy them by One or more Statutory Declarations made by him or on his Behalf.

18. In case any Person having any Estate in or Charge or Security on the Land to be improved shall within the Month named in the last preceding Section signify in Writing to the Commissioners his Dissent from such Application, stating therein the Nature of his Estate in or Charge or Security on such Land, the Commissioners shall certify such Dissent to the Landowner by whom the Application was made, and shall not make any provisional or other Order sanctioning the Improvements unless or until such Dissent be withdrawn, or an Order be made by the High Court of Chancery in England or Ireland respectively, or by the Court of Session in Scotland, in manner herein-after provided, authorizing the Commissioners to sanction the same; nor shall they make any provisional or other Order sanctioning the Improvement of any Land in the Case of which the Landowner, or the Husband of the Landowner, shall be the Father of the Person or Persons entitled either at Law or in Equity to any Estate in such Land, or any Part thereof, in reversion or remainder, up to and inclusive of the Person entitled to the first vested Estate of Inheritance, and such Person or Persons, or any of them, shall be an Infant or Infants, or a Minor or Minors, unless or until such an Order as herein-before mentioned shall be made by such Court as aforesaid.

19. If the Commissioners shall consider that any proposed Improvement would interfere with any navigable River or Canal respectively vested in or under the Management or Control of any Commissioners, Trustees, Conservators, Undertakers, Company, or other Body or Individuals, or the Banks or other Works or Conveniences thereof, or would occasion the Flow or Discharge into such River or Canal of any Drainage or other Matter, the Landowner shall give Notice of the Application in Writing, together with a Plan and Section of the proposed Improvement, to such Commissioners, Trustees, Conservators, Undertakers, Company or other Body, or Individuals; and in case they shall, within One Month after the Receipt of such Notice, signify in Writing to the Commissioners their Dissent from such Application, and state the Nature of their Interest in or Authority over such River or Canal, the Commissioners shall certify such Dissent to the Landowner by whom the Application was made, and shall not sanction the Improvement unless or until such Dissent be withdrawn, or an Order be made by the High Court of Chancery in England or Ireland respectively, or by the Court of Session in Scotland, in manner herein-after provided, authorizing the Commissioners to sanction the Improvement.

20. When the Land to which the Application relates, or any Part of such Land, is held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, the Commissioners shall not sanction any Improvement of such Land, or of so much thereof as is so held, unless and until the Patron of the Benefice, and in England and Ireland the Bishop of the Diocese, and in Scotland the Presbytery of the Bounds, shall signify to the Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, their respective Consents to such Application.

21. If and when any Dissent from any such Application to the Commissioners for their Sanction of proposed Improvements shall have been notified in Writing to the Commissioners, either by a Party interested in the Lands proposed to be improved (not being Lands held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice), or by the Commissioners, Trustees, Company, or other Body or Individuals interested in any River or Canal which would or might be interfered with as herein-before mentioned, or if the Landowner, or the Husband of the Landowner, shall be the Father of the Person or Persons entitled either at

27 & 28 Vict. 4 B Law

Power of Dissent by Persons interested, and Protection of Landowner's Infant Children.

The same in case of navigable Rivers and Canals.

Consents necessary in case ot Church Lands.

In case of Dissent, or when Landowner's Infant Children are to be protected, Court of Chancery or Session may authorize

Commissioners to proceed.

Service of Notice under preceding Clause.

And Costs may be given by the Court.

Representation of Persons underDisability for Application s and Dissents under preceding Clauses.

Sanction of Improvements, and Rights thereunder.

Commissioners Order sanctioning Improvements.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Law or in Equity to any Estate in the Land to be improved, or any Part thereof, in reversion or remainder, up to and inclusive of the Person entitled to the first vested Estate of Inheritance, and such Person or Persons, or any of them, shall J>e an Infant or Infants, or a Minor or Minors, the Landowner desiring such Improvements may apply to the High Court of Chancery in England or Ireland where such Lands are situate in England or Ireland respectively, or to the Court of Session where such Lands are situate in Scotland, for an Order of such Court authorizing the Commissioners to entertain and proceed upon the Application for such proposed Improvements notwithstanding such Dissent or Cihmtitet&ttce; and such Application shall be made, as to Lands in England, to the Master of the Rolteor any One of the Vice Chancellors sitting it Chambers* by Suminona, chlFing on thte Party dissenting to show Cause why such Order should not be made ? as to Lauds m Irefandi too the Master of the Bolls* by summary Petition or otherwise, as he shall by 'any General Order direct; and as to Lands in Scotland, to either Division of the Court of Session in Time, of Session, or to the Lord Ordinary sitting on Bills imTime of Vacation, by summary Petition; and the Court or single Judge, as the Case may be, to whom such Application shall be made, shall hear and determine such Application, and for that Purpose shall have Power io make or direct to be made all such Inquiries, and receive and entertain all such Statements and Evidence* on Oath or by Affidavit, as such Court or Judge may consider necessary or desirable, or as may be produced before them or him; and if upon a Consideration of all the Circumstances such Court or Judge shall be of opinion that the Commissioners should entertain and proceed upon such Application, an Order shall be made authorizing and requiring them to proceed thereon, and to deal with the same according to the Provisions o(tips ^ct authorizing them in that Behalf, notwithstanding such Dissent or jQircumstance as aforesaid; . Provided that if at any Time after Notification of such Dissent, and before any such Order shall have been applied for and made as aforesaid, such Dissent shall be withdrawn by Notification in Writing, it shall not be necessary to make or proceed with such Application, or to obtain such Order.

22. Where any Party dissenting shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge to order Service to be made in such Manner as such Court or Judge may think fit, and upon Proof to the Satisfaction of su<?h Court or Jqdge tujjt such Party has had actual Notice within a reasonable Time of such intended Application, it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge thereupon to hear and determine such Application.

23. The Costs of and incidental to every Application under the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Sections, and the Mode iii which such Costs shall be settled or taxed, shall be in the Discretion of the Court or Judge who shall hear such Application, and if such Court or Judge shall so direct, the said Costs shall be deemed to be Part of the Expenses of and incidental to the Application for the proposed Improvements.

24. AH Husbands, Guardians, Tutors, Committees, Curators, Feoffees, Trustees, Judicial Factors, Executors, and Administrators shall respectively have the same Bights and Powers of making Applications and signifying Dissents, and taking other Proceedings under this Act, as their respective Wives, Infants, Minors, Lunatics, Idiots, and furious, or fatuous Persons would have had if free from Disability, or as such Feoffees, Trustees, Judicial Factors, Executors, or Administrators respectively would have had if the Estates, Charges, or Interests of which they shall be such Feoffees, Trustees, or Judicial Factors, or which shall be vested in them as such Executors or Administrators, had been vested in them in their own Right; but no Guardian, Tutor, Committee, Curator, Feoffee, Trustee, Judicial Factor, Executor, or Administrator shall be in anywise compelled or obliged to signify a Dissent from any Application under this Act, or be in anywise responsible for the Consequences of such Application, or of any Charge made in pursuance thereof.

And with regard to the Sanction of any Improvements, and the Rights arising thereunder, be it enacted as follows:

25. If the Commissioners shall find that the proposed Improvements or any Part thereof, whether with or without any Alterations by them required or sanctioned, would effect a permanent Increase of the yearly Value of the Lands proposed to be improved, or of any Part thereof, exceeding the yearly Amount proposed to be charged thereon, they shall

555

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

sanction such Improvements, or such Part thereof as they shall think expedient, if under the preceding Sections it shall be lawful for them so to do, by an Order under their Hands and Seal; and they shall by the same Order fix the Kate of Interest to be allowed on the Cost of the sanctioned Improvements, having regard to the Miyket Value of Money at the Time, but such Interest shall never exceed Five per Cent, per Annum.

26. The Commissioners shall from Time to Time prepare Forms of Orders for sanctioning Forms of Improvements, and shall also, whenever required by the Landowner so to do, frame and

entitle their said Orders under this Act in such Manner that they may also be and operate provemeotsto as provisional, sanctioning, or other corresponding Orders under the respective Acts applying be prepared by to any Company with which he may have contracted relating to the Loan or Improvements ^Tuh^musi in question: Provided that every Order operating under this Act to sanction any Improve- contain.^mU8t ments. shall name the Landowner to whom it is issued; shall express the greatest Sum to be charged in addition to any Costs, Charges, and Expenses under the Fiftieth Section hereof, and the Rate of Interest and Term of Years for the Repayment thereof, the former not exceeding Five pet Centum per Annum, and the latter not exceeding Twenty-five Years; shall specify the Lands on which such Repayment is to be charged; and shall either express or refer to some Contract or other Document expressing the general Scheme of the Improvements to be executed.

27. Every Order operating under this Act alone to sanction any Improvement may be They may be in the Form set forth in Schedule (A) hereto, and shall be called a Provisional Order, and Oideiti shall, subject to the following Section hereof, create in favour of the Landowner named and may be' therein the Title to an absolute Charge on the Completion of the sanctioned Improve- assigned to ments, which Title such Landowner may assign, either absolutely or by tyay of Security, execute to any Person; and: such Assignment may be made by Endorsement on the Provisional improvements. Order.

28. In case of the Death of any Landowner, or the Determination of his Interest, Provision for between the Date of the Provisional Order and the Completion of the Improvements ^eath of l>and-sanctioned thereby, the Right to complete such Improvements, and to assign the Title to Completio^of an absolute Charge, shall pass to the succeeding Landowner; but if the succeeding Land- improvements, owner shall not within Three Calendar Months after his Succession proceed with the Works,

so ae to complete the same in conformity with the Provisional Order, the preceding Land-owner, or in case of his Decease hia Executors or Administrators, may'Complete such Improvements, and shall become entitled to have the absolute Charge executed to him or them. If the succeeding Landowner shall complete the Improvements there shall be distinct absolute Charges executed to such Landowner, and the preceding Landowner or his personal Representatives, for the Outlay made by the preceding and succeeding Landowners respectively, and in case of Difference the Commissioners shall determine the Proportions; provided that the succeeding Landowner may, with the Sanction of the Inclosure Commissioners, and after Notice to the Parties to whom Notice was originally given, or such of them as may be living, and such other Persons, if any, as the Commissioners may direct, terminate the Proceedings under the Provisional Order, on Payment of the Outlay and Expenses made thereunder, and indemnifying the Person to whom the Title to the absolute Charge may have been assigned. Notwithstanding the foregoing Provisions, if the Title to an absolute Charge shall have been assigned by the preceding Landowner, the Assignee may complete the Improvements if he shall proceed therewith within One Calendar Month from the Time the preceding Landowner ceased to be such Landowner.

29. The Commissioners may from Time to Time, on Application to be made by the Provisional Landowner, and after such Inquiry as they shall think fit, sanction any Modifications or Orders may be Alterations either of the Scheme of the Improvements or of any other Matter expressed modified *

or referred to in the Provisional Order: Provided that no such Modification or Alteration shall increase the Sum to be charged in respect of the Improvements, or extend or curtail the Term of Repayment, beyond the greatest Amount which it was proposed so to charge, or the greatest or least Term over which it was proposed that the Rentcharge should be spread, as respectively stated in the Advertisement and Notices herein-before required:

Provided also, that every such Modification or Alteration shall require the Consent of

Execution of Improvements.

Detailed Specifications to be delivered in advance;

and approved before Execution of Works.

Adjoining Lands, or Easements over them, may be sold for Purpose of Improvements, and Conveniences over adjoining Lands for the Execution of Improvements contracted for.

Works necessary to be made on adjoining Lands for Execution of Improvements may be made

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

every Party who, by having contracted for the Execution of the Improvement?, or by having taken an Assignment of the Title to an absolute Charge, or otherwise, may be interested therein; and the Modifying Order shall be in such Form as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, and shall be construed together with the original Order as One Order with respect to all Rights arising thereunder after the Date of tlii Modifying Order.

And with regard to the Execution of any Improvements, be it enacted *is follows:

30. Before the Commencement of any Improvements sanctioned in manner aforesaid the Landowner shall deliver to the Commissioners a detailed Specification thereof, and in the Case of Buildings, and also in any other Case where the same shall be required by the Commissioners, a detailed Plan or Drawing: Provided that when it is not intended to complete the Improvements within One Year from the Date of the provisional or other sanctioning Order, the Specification and Plan or Drawing first delivered may comprise so much only as it is intended to complete within One Year from the said Date, so, however, that for the Works of each successive Year such Specification and Plan or Drawing as aforesaid be always delivered in advance. i

31. The Specifications and Plans or Drawings aforesaid shall be exaruii^ed and, if necesbary; the Spot visited by an Assistant Commissioner, or an Engineer or Surveyor, who shall report whether in his Judgment the Improvements as proposed to be effected will be effected in a substantial and durable Manner, and, in the Case of Farm Buildings, whether the same, or the Improvements thereof or Additions thereto, will he suitable to the Locality; and no Improvement shall be commenced or proceeded with until the Specifications and Plans or Drawings aforesaid shall have been approved by the Commissioners; but nothing herein contained shall render necessary the Redelivery, Reexamination, or Reapproval of any detailed Specifications, Plans, or Drawings which may have been dieliveJred in connexion with the Application for the Commissioners' Sanction to the general Scheme of the Improvements, and may have been approved in connexion with that Sanction.

32. All Persons interested in any Lands adjoining or near to the Land improved or proposed to be improved, and being, as to Lands in England or Ireland by the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and as to Lands in Scotland by the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," enabled to sell and dispose of such Lands so adjoining or near, or any Estate or Interest therein, may, for the Purpose of any Improvements authorized by this Act, sell and convey or grant to the Land-owner whose Land ha9 been or is proposed to be improved such Lands so adjoining or near, or any Part thereof, or any Easement, Authority, or Right in, through, over, or affecting the same, and any such Land, Easement, Authority, or Right so sold and conveyed or granted shall thereupon become appurtenant to or pertinent of the Lands improved or proposed so to be, and with reference to the Improvements whereof the same was purchased, and shall be held upon and subject to the same Uses, Trusts, Charges, and Incidents; and all such Persons as aforesaid may also make any Agreement with the Landowner, or with any Person or Company that shall have contracted for the actual Execution of the Improvements, or their respective Agents, with reference to entering on, cutting through or into, or prejudicially affecting such Lands so adjoining or near; and every such Sale, Conveyance, Grant, and Agreement shall be valid and effectual accordingly, and the Price or Consideration shall be settled by Two Surveyors or a Surveyor to be appointed by them in manner provided by the Ninth Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or, as the Case may be, by the Ninth Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," and shall be deposited as directed by the same respective Sections, and thenceforth become subject to the Provisions of the same respective Acts.

33. Whenever the Commissioners shall think that it may be expedient, in order to obtain or improve an Outfall for draining or warping any Lands under this Act, or otherwise with a view to the Improvement of any Lands under this Act, to enter and execute any Works upon any Land adjoining or near to the Land proposed to be improved, where, by reason of the Objection or Disability of any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of such Land,

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

such Works could not be otherwise executed. Proceedings may be taken, if the said Lands shall lie in England, either under the Provisions of the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, intituled An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales, or under those of the Third Part of the Land Drainage Act, 1861, and, if in Scotland, under the Provisions of the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, intituled An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland, but as though in such Act the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales had everywhere been named in place of the Sheriff; and if such Proceedings shall have been taken before the Sanction of the Improvements in question by the Commissioners under this Act, the Commissioners may, by their Order sanctioning such Improvements, declare the Works in respect of which they shall have been taken to be expedient, and such Works shall then be deemed to have been authorized by tire Commissioners or by the Sheriff, as the Case may be, and the Provisions of the said respective Acts tdiall apply to them accordingly.

34. Every Provisional or Modifying Order shall be a full Authority to the Landowner or successive Landowners and their Representatives in the respective Cases herein-before defined, and to all Persons employed by or under Contract with him or them respectively, to enter upon the Lands to be improved, and any adjoining or neighbouring Lands acquired or authorized to be entered under either of the Two last preceding Sections, and to execute in and on the same, without Impeachment of Waste by any Remainderman or Reversioner, all the Improvements sanctioned by the same Order according to the Specifications and Plans or Drawings approved by the Commissioners, and to do, execute, and use all such Acts, Works, and Conveniences as may be proper for making, maintaining, and using such Improvements; and for the Purpose of effecting any Improvement under this or the recited Acts it shall be lawful to get and work Freestone, Limestone, Clay, Sand, and any other Mineral or Substance out of the Land to be improved or charged, and to make Tramroads and other Ways, and to burn and make Bricks, Tiles, and other Things to be used in effecting such Improvements, and also for the same Purpose to cut down and use any Timber or Trees not planted or serving for Shelter or Ornament.

35. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to purchase, take, use, or interfere with, or the Commissioners to make any Order with respect to any Land, Soil, or Water, or any Right in respect' thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or, if the Property should be under the Management or Control of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Works and Public Buildings, without the Consent in Writing of such last-mentioned Commissioners, which Consent the said respective Commissioners are hereby authorized to give; and nothing in this Act contained shall divert, alter, or affect any of the Rights, Powers, or Estates vested in Her Majesty in right of Her Crown.

36. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to purchase, take, use, or interfere with, or the Commissioners to make any Order with respect to any Land, Soil, or Water, or any Right in respect thereof, the Management or Control of which may be vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings on behalf of or in trnBt for Her Majesty or the Public, without the Consent in Writing of the last-mentioned Commissioners, which they are hereby authorized to give.

37. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to take, use, enter upon, or interfere with any Land, Soil, or Water, or any Rights in respect thereof, belonging to the Sovereign for the Time being in right of the Duchy of Cornwall, without the Consent in Writing of some Two or more of the regular Officers of the said Duchy, or of such other Persons as may be duly authorized under the Provisions of "The Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863," Section Thirty-nine, to exercise all or any of the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities by the said Act made exerciseable or otherwise for the Time being exerciseable in relation to the said Duchy, or belonging to the Duke of

Cornwall

557

under certain Acta.

Provisional Order to protect from Impeachment of Waste, and toanthorize getting Materials from Land, &c.

Saving Rights of the Crown.

Saving Rights of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works, &c.

Saving Rights of Duchy of Cornwall.

558

Saving Rights of Duchy of Lancaster.

Saving Rights of the Admiralty, and of the Board of Trade.

Plans to be deposited with Admiralty before commencing Works below High-water Mark.

Landowner to pay Expenses of Survey ordered by Admiralty *

Saving Rights of Her Majesty's Principal

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Cornwall for the Time being, without the Consent of such Duke, testified in Writing under the Seal of the Duchy of Cornwall, first had and obtained for that Purpose, or to take away, diminish, alter, prejudice, or affect any Property, Rights, Profits, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Duke of Cornwall for the Time being or in or by the Sovereign for the Time being, in right of the Duchy of Cornwall.

38. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to purchase, take, use, or interfere with any Lands, Soil, or Water, or any Right in respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Duchy of Lancaster, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Chancellor of the said Duchy of Lancaster, which Consent such Chancellor is hereby authorized to give, or to take away, lessen, prejudice, or alter any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the said Duchy of Lancaster.

39. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to purchase, take, use, or interfere with any Land, Soil, or Water, or any Right in respect thereof, or to take away, lessen, prejudice, or alter any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Lord High Admiral, or- the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral (herein-after designated the Admiralty), or vested in or enjoyed by the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations (herein-after designated the Board of Trade), without the previous Consent of the Admiralty signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty (which Consent the Admiralty are hereby authorized to give), or, as the Case may be, without the previous Consent of the Board of Trade signified in Writing under the Hand of One of the Secretaries of the said Board.

40. With respect to any Harbour, Port, Bay, Estuary, or navigable River, or Part thereof, comprised in any Notice from Time to Time given by the Admiralty under Section Nine of "The Harbours Transfer Act, 1862," previously to commencing any Work below High-water Mark there shall be deposited at the Admiralty Office Plans, Specifications, and Working Drawings thereof for the Approval of the Admiralty, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and with respect to all other Parts where the Tide flows, previously to commencing any Work below High-water Mark there shall be deposited at the Office of the Board of Trade Plans, Specifications, and Working Drawings thereof for the Approval of the Board of Trade, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of One of the Secretaries of the said Board, and any such Work shall be constructed only in accordance with such respective Approval; and when any such Work shall have been commenced or constructed it shall not be lawful at any Time to alter or extend the same without obtaining, previously to making any such Alteration or Extension, the like respective Consent and Approval; and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed, or be altered, extended, or constructed, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty or the Board of Trade, as the Case may require, to abate, alter, and remove the same, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Person or Company that executed the said Work, the Amount of which Cost and Charge shall be a Debt due from such Person or Company to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly, with Costs of Suit.

41. If at any Time or Times it shall be deemed expedient by the Admiralty or the Board of Trade, as the Case may require, to order a local Survey and Examination of any Embankment or Work proposed to be constructed under the Powers of this Act in, over, or affecting any tidal or navigable Water or River, or of the intended Site thereof, the Landowner shall defray the Costs of every such local Survey and Examination, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty from the Landowner, and if not paid upon Demand may be recovered as a Debt due to the Crown, with the Costs of Suit, or may be recovered, with Costs, as a Penalty is or may be recoverable from the Landowner.

42. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to purchase, take, use, or interfere with any Land, Soil, or Water, or any Right in respect thereof, or to take away,

lessen,

27°&28" VICTORIA, c. 114. 559

lessen, prejudice, or alter any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities, vested in Secretary of or enjoyed by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department for State for War. the Time being, without the previous Consent of the same Principal Secretary signified in Writing under his Hand, which Consent the said Principal Secretary for the Time being is hereby authorized to give.

43. Nothing in this Act contained shall take away, lessen, prejudice, or alter any of Bights of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or to be discharged by any Cora- ^gj^j°ner8 raissioners of Sewers appointed by any Commission under the Great Seal or under the saved.

Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster> or in or by any other lawful Commission of Sewers, or the Commissioners appointed under any Local or Private Acts of Parliament for Sewers or Drainage; nor shall any Work be done which in any way interferes with any Sewers* Drains* or Watercourses under the Control of any Commissioners of Sewers; and no new Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, or Works of Drainage shall be made or done under the Powers of this Act within the District and Jurisdiction of any such Commissioners, unless the same be previously approved by those Commissioners; and all such Works shall be carried on and completed under the Direction and Control of the same Commifcsidnera and their Officers; and all Sewers, Drains, Watercourses, and Works of Drainage made under this Act within the District and Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Sewers shall be and remain subject in all respects to the Jurisdiction of those Commissioners; and whenever any Works under this Act would intersect or interfere with any Sewer, Drain, or Watercourse under the Control of any such Commissioners, the Person or Company executing the same shall, before any such Works be made, construct such proper Sewers or Works of Drainage, and also comply with such Orders and Regulations, as those Commissioners shall require or make to guard against Injury to the Drainage of the District.

44. All Works executed under the Authority of this Act in or connected with the River Works con-Thamts, or the Towing-path thereof, within the Jurisdiction of the Conservators of the jjectedwith River Thames, shall, in addition to the Approval of such Works by the Admiralty, so far exe^ated^nder as herein-before made necessary, be executed according to a Plan to be approved of by such Direction of Conservators, and to be deposited at their Office; and such Works shall be executed Conservators of and performed to the Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of such Conservators; T ame8 '

and nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates,

Rights, Interests, Liberties, Privileges, or Franchises of the Conservators of the River Thames, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power* Authority* or Jurisdiction which at the Time of the passing of this Act the said Conservators did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

45. Where any of the intended Works to be done under or by virtue of this Act shall Metropolitan or may pass over, under, or by the Side of, or so as prejudicially to interfere with, any

Sewer, Drain, Watercourse, Defence, or Work under the Jurisdiction or Control of the protected. Metropolitan Board of Works, or of any Vestry or District Board constituted under the "Metropolis Local Management Act, 1855," or any Sewers or Works to be made or executed by any such Board or Vestry, or shall or may in any way prejudicially affect the Sewerage or Drainage of the Districts under the Control of any such Board or Vestry, the Person or Company executing such Works shall not commence the same until he or they shall have given to the said Metropolitan or District Board or Vestry, as the Case may be,

Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing of his or their Intention to commence them, by leaving such Notice at the principal Office of such Board or Vestry, as the Case may be, for the Time being, with a Plan and Section showing the Course and Inclination of the intended Works, and other necessary Particulars relating thereto, and until such Board or Vestry respectively shall have signified their Approval of the same, unless such Board or Vestry, as the Case may be, do not signify their Approval, Disapproval, or other Directions within Fourteen Days after Service of the said Plan, Sections, and Particulars as aforesaid; and such Person or Company shall comply with and conform to all Directions and Regulations of the respective Board or Vestry in the Execution of the said Works, and shall provide any new, altered, or substituted Works in such Manner as such Board or Vestry may deem necessary for the proper Protection of the Sewers and Works herein-before

referred

Water Companies and Commissioners protected.

Rivers, Canals, &c. protected.

Commissioners may inspect Works.

Charges for Improvements.

Commissioners to execute Charge on Completion of Works, or of some Part thereof.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

referred to, and for preventing Injury or Impediment thereto by or by reason of the said intended Works or any Part thereof, and shall save harmless the said Metropolitan or District Board or Vestry respectively against all and every Expense to be occasioned thereby; and all such Works as may be so required shall be done by or under the Direction, Superintendence, and Control of the Engineer or other Officer or Officers of the said Metropolitan or District Board or Vestry, as the Case may be, at the Costs, Charges, and Expenses in all respects of the Landowner; and when any new, altered, or substituted Works as aforesaid, or any Works of Defence connected therewith, shall be completed under the Provisions of this Act, the same shall thereafter be as fully and completely under the Direction, Jurisdiction, and Control of the said Boards and Vestry respectively as any Sewers or Works now are or hereafter may be; and nothing in this Act shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested or to be vested in the said Boards and Vestries, or any of them, or their Successors, but all such Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed,

46. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to take, otherwise than by Agreement, any Land of any Waterworks Company or Waterworks Commissioners, or to alter or interfere with any Works or Property of any such Company or Commissioners, without their previous Consent in Writing, or to authorize any Person to foul or otherwise injuriously interfere with or affect any Stream or Supply of Water which any Waterworks Company or Waterworks Commissioners are authorized to use for the Purposes of their Undertaking.

47. All Works executed under the Authority of this Act in or connected with any River, Canal, or Inland Navigation, or the Banks or Towing-paths or Works thereof, vested in or under the Jurisdiction or Management of any Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals, or in respect of the Navigation whereon or the Use whereof any such Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals are entitled by virtue of any Act of Parliament to the Receipt of any Tolls or other Dues, shall be executed according to a Plan to be approved by such Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals, and to be deposited at their Office, and such Works shall be executed, maintained, and performed to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer for the Time being of such Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals; and nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Powers, Rights, Interests, Liberties, Privileges, or Franchises of such Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals, or prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Right, Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which, at the Time of the passing of this Act, such Corporation, Conservators, Trustees, Commissioners, Undertakers, or Individuals did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

48. The Commissioners shall, if and as they see Occasion, cause any Improvements in progress under this Act to be inspected by a Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, or an Engineer or Surveyor, to ascertain the due Execution thereof.

And with regard to Charges for Improvements under this Act, be it enacted as follows:

49. When the Commissioners are satisfied that the Improvements sanctioned by them, or some Part thereof, have been properly executed, either according to the Specifications and Plans or Drawings approved of by them, or with such Deviations therefrom as in their Judgment will not diminish the permanent Benefit accruing from such Improvements to the Lands wherein they have been made, they shall execute a Charge under their Hands and Seal upon the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands comprised in the provisional or other sanctioning Order, or some sufficient Part thereof, for the Sum by the same Order expressed to be chargeable in respect of such Improvements, if all the said Improvements have been completed, or for a proportional Part of such Sum if a Part only of the said Improvements has been executed, together, in either Case, with the Interest by the same Order expressed, and with the Amount (if any) which shall have been paid in respect of the Purchase of adjoining Lands, or of any Easement, Authority, or Right in, through, over, or affecting adjoining Lands, with Interest thereon at the like Rate.

-a

10.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

50. If the Landowner is desirous that the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands improved should be charged with the Expenses of and incident to his Application to the Commissioners, or his Contract with any Company or Person relating to the Execution of the Improvements, or to the Advance of Money for their Execution, the Commissioners may ascertain the Amount of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses properly incurred preparatory or in relation to and consequent on such Contract, and the Application to the Commissioners or either of them, and may include in the Principal Money charged on the Inheritance or Fee of such Lands the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses, and of the settled or taxed Costs, if any, which a Court or Judge shall have ordered as aforesaid to be deemed and taken to be Part of the Expenses of and incident to the Application for Improvements, or such Part thereof as the Commissioners think fit; and the Commissioners may also include in such Principal Money Interest at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on all Payments forming Part of the same Principal Money from the respective Dates of such Payments to that of the Absolute Order, but so that no Interest shall be allowed on any such Payment for more than Six Years; provided that the total Amount of the Principal Money to be charged on the Lands improved under the Provisions of this Act shall not in any Case exceed that to which, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands improved will be durably benefited by the Improvements.

51. Every Charge under this Act shall he created by way of Rentcharge, payable half-yearly, extending over the Term of Years fixed by the provisional or other sanctioning Order, and the first Payment thereof to be made Six Months after the Time when the Works in respect of which the same was granted were executed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners; and the Payment for each Half Year shall be, and be expressed to be, as to Part thereof a Repayment of a certain Amount of Principal Money, and as to the Remainder thereof a Payment of Interest; and the Charge shall be duly stamped for denoting Payment of the proper ad valorem Stamp Duty which would be payable on a Mortgage for securing the like Amount as the Principal Money thereby charged, and shall be called an Absolute Order; and a Copy of every such Absolute Order shall be authenticated by the Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be kept by them; and such Copy, and any Copy thereof authenticated by their Seal, shall be Evidence of the Contents and Purport of the same Absolute Order.

52. Charges under this Act shall be made according to the Form in the Schedule (B.) hereto annexed or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit.

53. Whenever, by Assignment, under the Twenty-sixth Section hereof or otherwise, a Company having Power to execute or advance Money for the Improvement of Land shall become entitled to the Creation of any Charge under either the Forty-ninth or the Seventy-eighth Section hereof, the Commissioners shall, if required, but subject to the Provisions herein-before contained, create such Charge in the Form of, and so that it may also operate as, an absolute or other corresponding Order under the Act or Acts applying to such Company.

54. Any Company authorized by Act of Parliament to execute or advance Money for the Improvement of Land, by giving Notice to the Commissioners of their Intention to avail themselves of any of the Powers given by this Act, shall he held to have adopted the same, and thenceforth all the Procedure of such Company shall be carried on under and in accordance with this Act only; and any such Company which shall adopt this Act as herein-he fore provided may, with the Sanction of Three Fourths of the Shareholders present at an Extraordinary Meeting of the Company specially convened for the Purpose, execute or advance Money for the Execution of any Improvement authorized by this Act in any Part of the United Kingdom, although not so authorized by any Act or Acts relating to the Company.

55. The Execution of the Absolute Order by the Commissioners shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts, and for all Purposes, of the Validity of the Charge thereby expressed to be made, an! no Inquiry shall be permitted either into the Title or Estate

27 & 28 Vict. 4 C of

561

Expenses of Application and certain Contracts maybe included in Charge.

The Charges to be by way of Rentcharge created by Absolute Order;

and may be made according to Form in Schedule (B). Expenditure made under this Act may be charged under Acts of Improvement Companies.

Improvement Companies may exercise the Powers of this Act, on conforming to its Procedure.

As also Companies authorized to execute Improvements in the United Kingdom.

Absolute Order to be conclusive Evidence of Charge.

562

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

of the Landowner, or into the due Performance of anything required to be done by this Act, or as to any other Matter on which the Validity of such Charge might but for this Enactment have depended.

Registry of Rentcharges in Ireland, Middlesex, Yorkshire, and Scotland.

56. A Memorial of every Absolute Order of the Commissioners whereby a Rentcharge is created on Land in England and Wales, in pursuance of this Act, shall be registered at the Office of the Land Registry in England, and a Memorial of every Absolute Order of the Commissioners whereby a Rentcharge is created on Land in Ireland, in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in the proper Office for the Registration of Deeds and Wills, and such Memorials respectively shall express and contain the Date of the Order, the Name and Address of the Landowner, the Particulars of the Lands charged, the Amount of the lLntcharge, and the Period during which the same shall be made payable; and the Production of the Absolute Order, sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Registrar for the Entry of such Memorial at the proper Registry Office; and all Grants of Rentcharges on Lands in Scotland shall be registered in the General or Particular Register of Sasines: Provided that every Rentcharge to which the present Clause applies shall have Priority as herein-after declared, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Landowner 57. Whenever by or under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, Royal Charter, or may borrow the Commission under the Great Seal or the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster any public or certain1Public general Works of Drainage or other Improvements shall be required or authorized to be Assessments, executed, and the Cost thereof shall be directed or authorized to be assessed or charged upon midjiharge 6^ the Inheritance of the Lands improved, then any Landowner who shall, under such Act, taiice°n U ICn- Charter, or Commission, have been assessed, and shall have become liable to pay any Sum of Money so chargeable for or towards such Works and Improvements, or any of them, in respect of his Land, may apply to the Commissioners to sanction the Money so assessed being charged upon the Land in respect of which such Landowner shall have been so assessed; and 'if the Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Works or Improvements have been executed in accordance with the Requirement or Authority in such Act, Charter, or Commission contained, they may, after the Money shall have been duly paid by such Landowner, by an Absolute Order within the Meaning of the Fifty-first Section hereof, charge upon the Inheritance or Fee of the Land in respect of which ^uch Landowner shall have been so assessed the Amount so assessed and paid, or such Part of it as the Commissioners may be willing to sanction, to be repaid with Interest.

iu Form specified, together with Costs of Application.

Grantee to have Charge for Principal Money from Time to Time unrepaid, with Priority over other Incumbrances.

58. Such Absolute Order and Charge may be made in any Form and for any Term permitted by this Act, and all the Provisions hereof shall apply thereto in the same Manner and with the same Effect and Operation in all respects as if such Order and Charge had been made in respect of Improvements upon the said Land executed under the Powers of this Act; and if the Landowner is desirous that the Inheritance or Fee of the said Land should be charged with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incident to the said Application and Order, or any Contract connected therewith, the Provisions of the Fiftieth Section hereof shall extend and apply to the present Case in the same Manner as to the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Application and Contracts in the said Fiftieth Section mentioned.

59. From the Date of the Absolute Order, the Grantee thereof, and his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have a Charge on the Lands therein comprised for the Principal Money from Time to Time remaining undischarged, by Payment of the Rentcharge, with Interest, at the Rates in the several Cases herein-before respectively expressed, and such Charge shall have Priority over every other then existing and future Charge and Incumbrance affecting such Lands or Estates and Interests respectively, whether created under the Powers of any Act of Parliament or otherwise, except Quit Rent, Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Feu Duties, Ground Annuals, and other Charges incident to Tenure, Tithe Commutation, Rentcharges and Teinds, Charges created or to be created under any Act authorizing Advances of public Money for the Improvement of Land, and any Charges created under this Act or Charges of prior Date created under any other existing Act of Parliament authorizing the charging of Lands with the Expense of and incident to their

563

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Improvement: Provided that in case a Part only of the Land charged is subject to a Mortgage or other Incumbrance, the Charge created under the Authority of this Act shall have Priority over the Mortgage or other Incumbrance only to the Extent of a due Proportion of such Charge, when and so soon as the same shall be ascertained under and pursuant to the Sixty-sixth Section of this Act.

60. Every Charge under this Act shall, as regards the Holder thereof, be deemed to be Charges to be Personal Property, except that any Holder of such a Charge, who shall desire to extinguish but

the same by reuniting it to the Land charged, shall have Power for that Purpose to direct Mon^autho-by any Deed that it shall be reunited to and merge in the beneficial Interest in the rized to be in-said Land, as if it were of the same Nature and Tenure therewith; but all Trustees, securi^nm^be Directors, and other Persons who may be directed or authorized to invest any Money on invested therein, Real Security shall (unless the contrary be provided by the Instrument directing or or on Mortgages authorizing such Investment) have Power, at their Discretion, to invest Money in such thereof-Charges, or on Mortgages thereof.

61. No Charge on Land made by any Absolute Order by virtue of this Act shall be deemed such an Incumbrance as shall preclude a Trustee of Money, with Power to invest the same in the Purchase of Land or on Mortgage, from investing it in a Purchase or upon a Mortgage of the Land so charged, unless the Terms of his Trust or Power expressly provide that the Land to be so purchased or taken in Mortgage be not subject to any prior Charge.

62. No Proprietor of an Entailed Estate in Scotland shall be held to have contravened the Conditions of the Entail by reason of his having availed himself of the Provisions of this Act, and no Rentcharge imposed or created on any Entailed Lands in Scotland under the Authority of this Act shall be made use of as a Ground for adjudging, selling, or evicting such Lands, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provisions and Conditions of the Entail, but every such Rentcharge shall be a good and effectual Charge upon and against such Entailed Lands to every other Effect, and upon and against the Rents and Profits thereof.

63. Every Rentcharge on Land by virtue of this Act may be recovered by the Person or Company for the Time being entitled to the same, as to Lands in England or Ireland, by the same Means, and with the like Powers, and in like Manner in all respects as a Rent-charge in lieu of Tithes would be recoverable if charged on the same Land under the Act of the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, or under the Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland and to substitute Rentcharges in lieu thereof, and the several Acts passed for amending the same, as the Case may be, and as if such Rentcharge by virtue of this Act were a Rentcharge in lieu of Tithes made payable to such I^rson or Company under the said Acts respectively, and as to Lands in Scotland by the same Means and in the like Manner in all respects as any Feu Duties or Rent or annual Rent or other Payment out of the same Lands would be recoverable.

64. If any Rentcharge payable under this Act shall be in arrear, such Arrear shall not bear Interest for a longer Period than Six Months, but Interest at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum in respect of the same, for any Period not exceeding Six Months, may be recovered in the same Manner as the Sum in arrear: Provided that if, at the Expiration of Six Months from the Time of any Payment falling into arrear, there shall not be upon the Land charged a sufficient Distress to answer and satisfy the said Payment and Interest thereon for the said Period of Six Months, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress, then the Arrears of such Payment shall continue to bear Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum until Payment or Satisfaction thereof, and such Interest may be recovered in the same Manner as the Sum in arrear.

Charges not to preclude Trustees from investing in Purchase or on Mortgage of Lands.

Proprietor of Scotch Entailed Estate may-avail himself of Act, and Rentcharge to be Charge on such Estate.

Rentcharges to be recoverable as Tithe Rent-charges or Feu Duties.

Interest on Arrears of Rentcharges.

65. The Grantee or other Person for the Time being entitled to any Rentcharge created Assignment of under this Act may assign the same by Deed duly stamped, and wherein the Consideration Charges, is truly stated; and such Assignment may be according to the Form in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and all Assignments made in such Form, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, shall be effectual to vest, both

Tenants for Life to keep down Rent-charges.

Tenant may deduct Rent-charge, unless he has agreed to pay it

Rentcharges may be apportioned, or Part of the Land charged released therefrom.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

at Law and in Equity, the Charge thereby assigned, and all the Powers, Authorities, Lights, and Remedies of the Assignor with reference to such Charge, in the Assignee, his Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, and Notice of such Assignment shall be sent to the Commissioners at their Office in London.

66. Every Landowner on whose Land a Charge shall have been made under this Act, and every succeeding Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, and other Person having a limited Interest in the Land so charged, shall, as between himself and the Persons in remainder or reversion, be bound to pay the yearly or other periodical Payments of such Charge which shall become payable during the Continuance of his Interest; and in case he be in the actual Occupation or entitled to an apportioned Part of the Renta and Profits of such Land up to the Time of the Termination of his Interest, he shall also be bound to pay an apportioned Part of the yearly Rent or other periodical Payment of such Charge which shall become due next after the Termination of his Interest, proportional to the Time which elapsed between the Day for the previous Payment and the Day of such Termination: Provided that no Person becoming entitled in possession to any Estate or Interest in the Land shall be liable, as between himself and the Persons entitled to the Rentcharge, to pay any Arrears of the Charge remaining unpaid at the Time of his becoming so entitled in possession beyond the Amount of Two Years Payment of such Charge: Provided also, that the Amount paid by any Person in respect of such Arrears, and any Costs occasioned by Nonpayment thereof, shall be a Debt from the Person who in the first instance ought to have paid the same, or from his Estate, to the Person who paid the same, and shall be recoverable accordingly.

67. If any Tenant or Occupier at a Rent join in the Application for an Improvement, or by Writing under his Hand signify to the Commissioners, or to an Assistant Commissioner or Engineer, his Consent to become charged with the Charge, or an apportioned Part thereof as herein-after mentioned, such Tenant or Occupier shall during his Tenancy or Occupation be liable to pay the Charge, or an apportioned Part thereof as herein-after mentioned; and in case the Charge be made in respect of the Improvement as well of other Land as of the Land included in such Tenancy or Occupation, the Commissioners may, upon such Consent of the Tenant or Occupier, declare in the Absolute Order what Portion of the whole Charge payable in respect of the Improvement shall be payable by such Tenant or Occupier during his Tenancy or Occupancy in respect of the probable Improvement of the Land included in his Tenancy or Occupation; but, except as aforesaid, every Tenant or Occupier who pays such Charge shall be entitled to deduct the Amount thereof from the Rent payable by him to the Landowner, and shall be allowed the same in Account with him.

68. If at any Time Land charged under this Act, or under any other Act authorizing the Creation of Charges by the Commissioners, is occupied in separate Farms or other Holdings, or has become the Property of separate Owners, or the Owner thereof is entitled thereto under separate Titles or for distinct and separate Interests, or is desirous to sell or dispose of Part of such Land, or Part only of such Land is subject to any Mortgage or other Incumbrance, or for any other Reason it would be desirable that the Charge should be apportioned or a Part of the Land charged released thefefrom, the Commissioners may, with the Consent of the Landowner, or if the Land has become the Property of separate Owners, or a Part thereof is subject to any Mortgage or Incumbrance, then upon the Application of any One of such Owners, or of such Mortgagee or Incumbrancer, but in every Case with due Notice to the Grantee or Assignee of the Charge, or the Husband, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, Committee, or Trustee of such Grantee or Assignee if a married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, or furious or fatuous Person, and to such other Parties (if any) as the Commissioners think right, either release from such Charge any Part of the Land charged therewith, or apportion such Charge so that a separate and distinct Charge may become charged on each separate Farm or Holding, or on the Land of each Landowner, or oil the Land held under each separate Title or for each distinct and separate Interest, or on the Part or each Part which the Landowner is desirous to sell or dispose of and the Part intended to be retained by him, or on the Part

subject

565

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

subject to such Mortgage or other Incumbrance and on the Residue, or on any other separate Parts of the Land, but so that no Charge charged under such Apportionment shall be less than Twenty Shillings for each half-yearly Payment: Provided that no Lands shall, in consequence of any such Apportionment or Release, become charged with any greater Amount than that to which, in the Opinion of the Commissioners, they have been durably benefited by the Improvements in respect of which such Charge was created.

69. Every such Apportionment or Release shall be made by an Order under the Hands Form, Registry, and Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be in the Form set out in Schedule (D.) or (E.) ^Mect of to this Act, ns the Case may be, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit, and Apportionment as to Lands in England and Wales, or in Ireland or Scotland, shall be registered in the and Release. Manner mentioned in the Fifty-fourth Section hereof, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit; and a Copy of every such Order shall be authenticated by the Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be kept by them and such Copy, or any Copy thereof authenticated by their Seal, shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts and for all Purposes of the Contents and Purport of the same Order, and of the Validity of the Apportionment or Release thereby expressed to be made; and such Order shall take effect from the Date thereof, subject to the Continuance of all Rights and Remedies for the Recovery of Monies which before the Date thereof may have become payable out of any Lands under the Charge so apportioned or released.

70. Every Charge apportioned or released as aforesaid shall be recoverable out of the Charges appor-Lands on which the same is charged by the Order of Apportionment, or which shall not ^d^Part^ by the Order of Release be released therefrom, in the same Manner as if the same had the Lands have been originally charged on such Lands respectively, and shall, for all the Purposes of this been released, Act, or of the Act under which the original Charge was created, be deemed to be an original Charge on such Lands by Absolute Order. Charges.

71. Where any Lands are charged by more than One Absolute Order, any Order of Apportionment or Release under the preceding Sections hereof may comprise all or any Number of the Rentcharges existing by virtue of such Absolute Orders.

And with regard to the upholding Improvements under this Act, be it enacted as follows:

72. So long as any Land shall continue charged with any Charge hereunder, the Person for the Time being bound to make the periodical Payments of such Charge shall uphold the Improvements and Works in respect of which such Charge is made, and shall keep clear and open the Outfalls and Watercourses of all the Drains (if any), and shall, if required either by the Commissioners or by any Person who shall for the Time being be interested in such Charge under any Assignment or Mortgage thereof, once in every Year certify to the Commissioners the State of such Improvements and Works, and of such Outfalls and Watercourses (if any); and if such Person shall not so keep and uphold such Improvements and Works, and such Outfalls and Watercourses (if any), or shall fell, or cause or knowingly permit to be felled, except in proper thinning, any Trees planted under the Authority of this Act as an Improvement, he shall be liable to an Action on the Case, in the Nature of an Action of Waste, for the Damage thereby occasioned, at the Suit of any Person entitled to any Estate in remainder or reversion in such Lands.

Several Charges may be dealt with in One Order of Apportionment or Release.

Upholding

Improvements.

Improvements to be upheld, and Condition thereof certified if required.

73. Every Person for the Time being bound to make the periodical Payments of any Power to enta-. Charge may from Time to Time, l»y himself, his Engineers, Surveyors, Agents, Servants, ?n neighbour-and Workmen, enter upon any Lands in, through, or upon which any of the Works have for

been executed, to ascertain the Condition of the Works, and to maintain and repair the Works, making same, nevertheless paying to the Person for the Time being enabled by this Act to sell Compensation, or grant any Easement in such Lands, in case the Parties differ about the same, such Compensation as shall be determined by Two Justices or the Sheriff, as provided by the tc Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or the " Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland)

Act, 1845," for Settlement by .Justices and Sheriffs respectively of Questions of disputed Compensation: Provided that as to any Lands adjoining or near the Land improved, to which the Provisions of the Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

present Majesty, Chapters Thirty-eight and One hundred and thirteen, and those of the Third Part of The Land Drainage Act, 1861, are herein-before respectively made applicable, the Powers of Entry upon such Lands for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be subject to and be regulated by the Provisions of those Acts respectively.

Farmhouses,

&c. to be insured;

Power to insure in case of Default.

74. When any Farmhouses, Farm Buildings, or Works susceptible of Damage by Fire shall have been erected, improved, or added to under this Act, then, so long as any Land shall continue charged under this Act in respect thereof, the Person for the Time being bound to make the yearly or other periodical Payments of such Charge shall insure and keep insured against Damage by Fire all such Farmhouses, Farm Buildings, and Works in an Amount equal to the principal Amount originally secured by such Charge at the least and such Person shall once in every Year certify to the Commissioners the Fact of such; Insurance, and the Particulars thereof, and that the Premium and Duty for such Insurance for the Year then current have been duly paid; and if such Person shall not insure or keep insured such Farmhouses, Farm Buildings, and Works, or shall not duly certify the Matters aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person entitled to the Charge for the Time being, with the Assent of the Commissioners, to insure against Damage by Fire the said Farmhouses, Farm Buildings, and Works in an Amount not exceeding the principal Amount originally secured by such Charge, and either in the Name of the Person by whom such Default shall have been made, or in the Name of the Landowner mentioned in the Absolute Order, and thereafter to keep the same insured during the Continuance of the said Charge; and the Person for the Time being bound to make the periodical Payments of such Charge shall from Time to Time, on the Day on which the next Payment shall become due on the said Charge, repay to the Person for the Time being entitled to the said Charge any Sums so paid by him for Premium and Duty on such Insurance; and in default of such Payment, the Amount of such Premium and Duty, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of such Default, may be recovered by the last-mentioned Person by the same Means and in the like Manner as if the same had been payable as Part of the said Charge.

Inclosure 75. If it shall be represented to the Commissioners that the Person for the Time being

ompeieT8 bound to make periodical Payments of any Charge created under this or any other existing Maintenance of Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land has neglected to uphold Improvements, and maintain the Improvements in respect of which the Charge was executed, or any of them, the Commissioners may, upon Security being given for such an Amount as they may consider necessary to cover any Expenses that may be incurred by them, cause an Inspection of the Works to be made by an Assistant Commissioner, Engineer, or Surveyor.

After such Inspection, if the Commissioners are satisfied that the Improvements have not been upheld and maintained, they shall cause Notice to be given to the Person bound to make the said periodical Payments requiring him to execute the Works necessary to uphold and maintain the same within Three Calendar Months from the Time of giving such Notice.

If such Works shall not be executed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners within such Three Mouths, they may cause such Works as in their Judgment shall be necessary to uphold and maintain such Improvements to be executed by a Person appointed by them.

The Costs thereof, including the Expenses of the Assistant Commissioner, Engineer, or Surveyor, shall be repaid by the Person bound to make the said periodical Payments to the Person entitled to the Charge, on Request, and in default thereof the Amount so certified may be recovered, with all Expenses incidental to the Recovery thereof, in the Name of the Person for the Time being entitled to the Charge, by the same Means and in the like Manner as if the same had been payable as Part of the said Charge.

Inclosure 76. If it shall be represented to the Commissioners that it is not expedient or necessary

may give0116 ^at any Works for the Cost of which there shall be a subsisting Charge, or any Part of such Relief from Works, should be upheld or maintained, the Commissioners may, on having deposited with Maintenance of them a Sum, to be fixed by them, to cover all Expenses, cause the said Works to be inspected Improvements. an Assistant Commissioner, Engineer, or Surveyor.

If after such Inspection and Notice to the Parties who were served with Notice of the Application to charge the Land or their Representatives, and such other Persons, if any, as

the

567

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

the Commissioners may direct, the Commissioners shall find and certify that is not expedient or necessary that the Works or any of them should be upheld or maintained, thereupon the Person for the Time being bound to make the said periodical Payment shall be relieved from all Liability in respect of the Maintenance of the Works referred to in the Commissioners Certificate.

77. If any Embankment or Work constructed under the Powers of this Act in, under, over, through, or across any tidal Water or navigable River, or if any Portion of any Embankment or Work which affects or may affect any such Water or River, or the Access thereto, shall be abandoned, or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty or the Board of Trade, as the Case may require, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Land-owner, the Amount of which Cost and Charge shall be a Debt due from the Landowner to the Crown, and be recovered accordingly, with Costs of Suit.

And with regard to charging Lands with Money subscribed for the Construction of Rail wavs, be it enacted as follows:

78. In case any Landowner shall be desirous of subscribing for any Shares or Stock in the Capital, whether original or additional, of a Company having Power to construct a Railway or navigable Canal, or any Branch or Extension Railway or navigable Canal, or any Deviation of a Line of Railway or a navigable Canal already sanctioned, the Works for which such Subscription is to be made being unfinished, or in any additional Capital to be raised for the Completion of any such Railway, Canal, Branch, Extension, or Deviation, the same being upon or near to and which will improve or benefit the Lands of such Landowner, and who shall be desirous that such Amount, or any Part thereof, may be charged upon the Lands so to be improved, it shall be lawful for him to apply to the Commissioners for that Purpose within the Time limited by the Railway or Canal Company's Act or Acts for the Construction of the Works in question.

79. If the Commissioners shall think fit to entertain such Application, they shall cause all such Inquiries to be made, and take all such other Steps, as shall seem to them expedient for obtaining Information as to the Circumstances; and all the Provisions of the Thirteenth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, and Fifty-first Sections of this Act shall apply to the Case as though an Improvement were to be made of the Lands proposed to be charged.

80. If the Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Railway or Canal, when constructed and open for Traffic, will effect a permanent Increase of thd yearly Value of the Lands exceeding the yearly Amount proposed to be charged thereon, they shall execute and deliver to the Landowner a Provisional Order, under their Seal and the Hands of Two of them, expressing their Sanction of the Charge proposed; and such Order shall be made as near to the Form set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act as the Circumstances will permit, and shall, with the Right to a Charge thereby created, be assignable by Endorsement, either absolutely or by way of Security, to any Company or Person that may agree to advance, by paying the same to the Railway or Canal Company, the Amount authorized to be charged, and Notice of such Assignment shall be given to the Commissioners, and shall be registered by them.

81. Every Company empowered by Act of Parliament to lend Money for the Improvement of Land is hereby empowered to advance, by paying the same to the Railway or Canal Company, any Money authorized to be charged in manner aforesaid.

82. When the Railway or Canal shall have been completed and opened throughout for public Traffic, and as many Shares in the Capital of the Railway or Canal Company subscribed for or held as aforesaid by the Landowner as shall be equal in nominal Amount to the Money authorized to be charged shall have been fully paid up, and the Certificates for such Shares shall have been deposited by the Landowner with the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall, by an Absolute Order under their Hands and Seal, execute to the Landowner or his Assignees a Charge upon the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands in question

of

Admiralty may remove Works abandoned or fallen into Decay.

Subscription to Railways.

Conditions for Application to Commissioners.

Commissioners Proceedings on Application.

Provisional Order sanctioning Charge.

Companies empowered to lend.

Commissioners Absolute Order and its Conditions.

Form and Effect of Absolute Order.

Notice thereof to be entered in Register of Shareholders.

Person liable to pay Charge to be entitled for the Time being to the Shares,

and to have them stand in his own Name.

Rights and Duties of Persons registered for the Time being in respect of the Shares.

Entire Shares to belong to Parties in proportion to their Payments, and to be released to them from Time to Time.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

of the Amount authorized as aforesaid to be charged, and may, if the Landowner shall so desire, include, with the Principal Money so charged, the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the Application and Orders, and of any Advance which may have been made to him of the Amount authorized to be charged, and such settled or taxed Costs and Interest as mentioned in the Fiftieth Section hereof, subject nevertheless to the Proviso in the same Section contained.

83. Such Absolute Order shall he made in the Form in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances will permit, and all the Provisions of this Act relating to Absolute Orders, whether in respect of the Form or Effect of such Charges or Orders or otherwise, except only the Provisions for the Apportionment and Release <»f such Charges, shall apply to Absolute Orders under the last preceding Section as far as the Circumstances admit.

84. The Landowner shall forthwith give Notice to the Railway or Canal Company of the Execution of such Absolute Order, and of the Deposit of such Certificates with the Commissioners, and thereupon the Company shall make an Entry or Memorial in their Register of Shareholders with respect to such Shares of the Fact of such Absolute Order having been executed.

85. From the Time of such Notice, and during the whole Term of the Charge created by such Absolute Order, the Person who for the Time being shall be bound to make the periodical Payments of such Charge shall be entitled to the said Shares, and if the same shall not at the Time being he registered in his Name, the Person registered as the Holder thereof shall, as between himself and the Person so entitled, hold them in trust for such last-mentioned Person.

86. The Person so for the Time being entitled may at any Time require the Person registered as the Holder of the said Shares, or his Representatives, to transfer to him the said Shares, and such Transfer shall thereupon be made accordingly, but at the Expense in all respects of the Transferee; and upon the Production of such Transfer duly stamped, and of a Certificate by the Commissioners under their Hands and Seal that the Transferee is the Person at the Time being bound to make the periodical Payments of the said Charge, the Railway or Canal Company shall register such Transfer.

87. With the Exception of such Transfers as may from Time to Time he made for the Purpose of transferring the Shares to the Person so for the Time being entitled thereto, the said Shares shall not under any Circumstances be transferred or disposed of by the registered Holder, whether he be the Person for the Time being entitled thereto or not, during the Term of the said Charge; but during the Term of such Charge the registered Holder for the Time being of the said Shares shall have all the other Rights and Powers of a Shareholder in the Railway or Canal ComjMiny in respect of the said Shares; and the Railway or Canal Company shall not be bound to see to the Application of any Dividend received by such registered Holder, but as between himself and the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Shares he shall hold any Dividend which may be received by him in trust for the Person who, at the Time when such Dividend became payable, was the Person entitled to the said Shares.

88. Whenever any Person or those whom he legally represents as their Executor or Administrator shall have been bound to make, and shall have made, such and so many periodical Payments of the Charge as to repay thereby Principal Money which, in proportion

, to the whole Amount of Principal Money charged and the whole Number of the said Shares, shall correspond to any integral Number of Shares, with or without a Fraction over, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, on the Application of such Person, made either during the Term of the Charge or within Two Years after its Expiration, to certify that Fact under their Hands and Seal, and by the same Certificate to appropriate to such Person certain specified Shares to such integral Number, and to deliver to him the corresponding Share Certificates; and upon the Production to the Railway or Canal Company of such Certificate by the Commissioners and Share Certificates, it shall be lawful for such Person, if he shall not already be the registered Holder, to require such Shares to be

transferred

569

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

transferred to him, and the Railway or Canal Company shall make an Entry or Memorial on their Register of Shareholders of such Shares being freed from the Provisions of this Act, or of the Term of the Charge having expired, as the Case may be, and such Shares shall thenceforward be held and transferred in the same Manner as any other Shares in the same Company, but if the Term of the Charge shall not have expired the Three last preceding Sections of this Act shall still apply to the Residue of the Shares to which the same Charge shall relate.

89. The Shares composing the said Residue shall at the End of Two Years after the Expiration of the Term of the Charge belong to the Person who shall have been bound to make the last periodical Payment of the Charge, or to his Executors or Administrators, on such Payment being made; and the Commissioners shall deliver to him or them the corresponding Share Certificates, and certify the Title to the Shares under their Hands and Seal in accordance with the above Provision; and upon the Production to the Railway or Canal Company of the Share Certificates and such Certificate by the Commissioners, such Person as aforesaid, or his Executors or Administrators, shall have the said Shares transferred to him or them, so far as he or they shall not be already the registered Holder or Holders thereof; and the Railway or Canal Company shall make an Entry or Memorial on their Register of Shareholders of the Term of the Charge having expired, and thenceforward the said Shares shall be held and transferred in the same Manner as any other Shares in the same Company.

90. And whereas it is expedient that a Table or Tables of Fees proper to be taken by the Inclosure Commissioners in respect of Documents issuing out of their Office by ' virtue of the Provisions of this Act should be prepared:' Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Inclosure Commissioners to prepare or cause to be prepared a Table or Tables of Fees, specifying what Fees are proper to be demanded and taken in the Office of the said Inclosure Commissioners in respect of any Forms, Orders, or Documents prepared in or issued from such Office by virtue of the Provisions of this Act; and such Table or Tables shall be laid before the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who shall have Power to revise and settle the same, and from Time to Time to alter or amend the same, as they may deem necessary and proper, and the said Table or Tables of Fees, so revised, settled, altered, or amended, from Time to Time to approve and allow; and the said Inclosure Commissioners are required, so soon and as often ns each Table or Tables of Fees shall have been approved and allowed, to cause the same to be inserted and published in the London Gazette, and from and after such Publication such Fees may be legally demanded, and may be received and recovered, by any Person appointed by the said Inclosure Commissioners to receive or recover the same.

ShareB not claimed within Two Years from Expiration of Term to belong to Person bound to make last Payment of Charge.

Inclosure Commissioners to cause a Table of Fees to be prepared and submitted to Treasury for Approval.

91. The said Inclosure Commissioners shall cause the Fees received by them under officers to the Authority of this Act to be duly and regularly entered in One or more Books to render Ac-be kept for that Purpose, distinguishing the Fees received under their several Heads, and J^the

shall render a true and faithful Account thereof to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury. Treasury at such Times, and in such Form of Account, and with such Particulars of Receipt or otherwise, and accompanied by such Vouchers, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time require; and the said Inclosure Commissioners To be paid over shall from Time to Time, when required so to do by the said Commissioners of Her to the Consoli- Majesty's Treasury, cause the Amount of such Fees to be paid into the Receipt of the datedFund-Exchequer to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Provisional Order.

(Proper Heading.)

The Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of u The Improvement of Land Act, 1864," do, by this Order under their Hands and Seal, sanction the proposed 27 & 28 V 1CT. 4 D Improvements

570

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Improvements expressed

upon the Terms and Conditions that such Improvements be executed in the Manner mentioned or specified in the said Contract, and at an Expense not exceeding the Sum of and do hereby declare

and provisionally order that it is right and proper, and for the Benefit of the Parties interested in the Lands mentioned in the Schedule hereto, that the Inheritance or Fee of such Lands should be charged with the said Sum of

together with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses preparatory or in relation to and consequent on the said Contract and the Application for this Order, and that the same should, to the whole Amount of such respective Monies, [or should, to any Amount not exceeding

as the Case may be,] be charged in the Manner following; (that is to say,) [here express how the Amount is to be repaid, with Interest.]

In witness whereof they have hereunto affixed their Hands and Seal, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

Schedule of Lands provisionally charged.

Name, &c. of Lands. Landowner. Occupier. Parish. County. Total Acreage. Total Rental.

SCHEDULE (B.)

The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

County of Parish of No.

Absolute Order.

[Here insert Name of Landowner ] of [here insert Address]

Loan of Pounds for the Improvement of in the

Parish of in the County of

The Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of "The Improvement of Land Act, 1864," do, by this Absolute Order under their Hands and Seal, charge the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule hereto with the Payment to

of the yearly Sum of Pounds Shillings and

pence, payable half-yearly on the Day of and the

Day of in every Year, for the Term of

Years, and being a proportionate Repayment, according to the Table annexed, of the Capital Sum of Pounds, with Interest at per

Cent, per Annum, the first half-yearly Payment to be made on the Day

of

Dated this Day of 18

SCHE *

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Schedule of Lands charged.

Name, &c, of Lands. Landowner. Occupier. Parish. County. Total Acreage.

Table.

Half-yearly Payments. Proportionate Repayments of the Loan. Interest at £ per Cent per Annum.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Assignment of a Charge.

(Proper Heading.)

I, A.B.y Sfc.y in pursuance of "The Improvement of Land Act, 1864," hereby, in consideration of [state the Consideration], assign to C.D. of, &c., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Charge of the Sum of £ and Interest at the Rate of,

8fc., [or the Charge of, , fyc. c., as the Case may be], which by virtue of the Absolute Order, No.

[], executed by the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and dated,

8fc.y is an absolute Charge on the Inheritance of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule hereto, and all the Powers, Authorities, Rights, and Remedies of with

reference to such Charge.

[Here add such Clauses and Provisions, if any, as are agreed m between the Parties.]

As witness, &c., this Day of

(l. s.)

Schedule of the Lands charged.

Name, &c. of Lands. Landowner. Occupier. Parish. County.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Order for apportioning Charges. The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

County of

Parish of

Whereas, by an Absolute Order under this Act, dated the

Day of

Jay

and numbered the Lands mentioned in the First

and Second Schedules hereto were charged with the Payment to

of the yearly Sum of payable half-yearly for the Term

of Years:

And whereas, upon Application made to them, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales see lit to apportion the said Charge:

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Now therefore the said Inclosure Commissioners, in pursuance of "The Improvement of Land Act, 1864," do, by this Order under their Hands and Seal, charge the Inheritance or Fee of the Lands mentioned in the First Schedule hereto with the Payment to of the yearly Sum of Pounds Shillings and pence, payable

half-yearly on the Day of and the Day of

in every Year, for the Term of Years, bein'* a proportionate Repayment, according to

the Table to the same Schedule annexed, of the Capital Sum of Pouhffs, with

Interest at per Cent, per Annum, the first half-yearly Payment to be made ion the Day of; and do also charge the Inheritance or Fee of the Lfcmda

mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto with the Payment to of the yearly

Sum of Pounds Shillings and pence, payable half-yearly

on the Day of in every Year, for the Term of Years,

being a proportionate Repayment, according to the Table to the same Schedule annexed, of the Capital Sum of Pounds with Interest at per Cent per Annum, the

first half-yearly Payment to be made on the Day of; and do further

release and exempt the said Lands respectively from the respective Residues of the said Charge created by the above-mentioned Absolute Order.

Dated this Day of J

First Schedule.

Name, &c. of Lands. Landowner. Occupier. I | Parish. County. Total Acreage.

i

Table.

Half-yearly Payments. Proportionate Repayments of the Loan. Intererest at per Cent per Annum.

Second Schedule.

Name, &c. of Lands. Landowner. Occupier. 1 Parish. County. i Total Acreage.

1

Table.

Half-yearly Payments. Proportionate Repayment of the Loan. Interest at per Cent per Annum.

573

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Order for exempting Lands.

The Improvement of Land Act, 1864.

County of

Parish of

Whereas, by an Absolute Oder under this Act, dated the Day of

and numbered the Lands mentioned in the First and Second Schedules

hereto were charged with the Payment to of the yearly

Sum of payable half-yearly for the Term of Years:

And whereas, upon Application made to them, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales see fit to release and exempt from such Charge such of the said Lands as are particularized in the First Schedule hereto:

Now therefore the said Inclosure Commissioners, in pursuance of "The Improvement of Lands Act, 1864," do, by this Order under their Hands and Seal, release and exempt the said Lands mentioned in the First Schedule hereto from the Charge created by the above-mentioned Absolute Order, and from all Liability thereto, and do hereby declare that the said Charge applies to and continues in force as to the Lands particularized in the Second Schedule hereto only.

Dated this Day of

Schedule I. (Lands exempted.)

Name, &c. of Lands. j Landowner. Occupier. Parish. County. Total Acreage.

i i i: i i i

Schedule II. (Lands still subject to Rentcharge.)

Name, &c. of Lauds. Landowner. Occupier. ' Parish. County. Total Acreage.

1 1 i i !: 1: i i

SCHEDULE (F.)

Vesting Order.

The Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of "The Improvement of Land Act, 1864," do, by this Order under their Hands and Seal, in consideration of £ to them paid by A.B. of transfer to and vest in

the said A. Z?., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Shares of and in

the Railway or Canal Company, numbered, and now

registered in the Name of C.D.

In witness whereof they have hereunto affixed their Hands and Seal, this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

574

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Poisoned Flesh Prohibition Act, 1864."

Penalty for 2. Every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully set, lay, put, or place, or cause to be

placing set, laid, pot, or placed, in or upon any Land any Flesh or Meat which has been mixed with

mFields &c! or 8teePe(l 'n or impregnated with Poison or any poisonous Ingredient so as to render such Flesh or Meat poisonous and calculated to destroy Life, shall, upon a summary Conviction thereof, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the Manner provided by The Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent Owners or Occupiers of Land in Ireland from laying or causing to be laid any poisonous Matter as herein-before described, after a Notice has been posted in a conspicuous Place, and Notice in Writing has been given to the nearest Constabulary Station.

3. Nothing in this Act shall make it unlawful for the Occupier of any Dwelling House or other Building, or the Owner of any Rick or Stack of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Beans, Peas, Tares, Seeds, or of any cultivated Vegetable Produce, to put or place or cause to be put or placed in any such Dwelling House or other Building, or in any enclosed Garden attached to such Dwelling House, or in the Drains connected with any such Dwelling House, provided that such Drains are so protected with Gratings or otherwise as to prevent any Dog from entering the same, or within such Rick or Stack, any Poison or poisonous Ingredient or Preparation for the Destruction of Rats, Mice, or other small Vermin.

As to Applica- 4. This Act shall not apply to any Grain, Seed, or Meal within the Provisions of The tion of Act. Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863, and the Provisions of the Fifth Section of the said Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863, shall apply to any Proceedings instituted under this Act, and shall come into operation on the First October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

Not to apply to Occupier placing poisoned Preparations for Destruction of Vermin.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 115, 116.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to prohibit the placing of poisoned Flesh and poisonous Matters in Plantations, Fields, and open Places, and to extend "The Poisoned Grain Prohibition Act, 1863."

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit the Sale and Use of Poisoned Grain or Seed:'* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: .

After Sept. 29th the Guardians of Parishes or Unions in the

[Page out of order.]

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to make Provision for distributing the Charge of Relief of certain Classes of poor Persons over the whole of the Metropolis.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for distributing the Charge of the Relief of certain poor Persons in the Metropolis during the ensuing Winter otherwise than is now lawful: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next the Guardians of every Union or Parish situated wholly or partly within the District to which the Metropolis Local Management Act applies may, subject to the Orders and Regulations of the Poor Law Board, make

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 116, 117. 575

out a separate Account of the Money expended by them daily in the Relief of destitute Metropolis may Wayfarers, Wanderers, or Foundlings during the Hours from Eight o'Clock at Night until of Reiief^ Eight o'Clock in the Morning, and submit the same to the Auditor appointed to audit their certain Poor, Accounts at the usual Times of Audit, who shall duly examine the same, and shall certify ?nd obtain Re; the Amount which he shall find to have been legally expended in and about such Relief under of his Hand, and if the Poor Law Board shall have certified that proper Wards or Places: of from the Metro-Reception have been provided by such Guardians, the said Guardians may thereupon make politan Board Application in Writing to the Metropolitan Board of Works for Reimbursement of the of^ or*8-Amount so certified by the Auditor.

2. The said Metropolitan Board of Works shall forthwith pay the Amount so certified to The Metropoli-the Guardians making the Application out of the Funds in their Possession from Time to Time raised Under the Provisions of the said Metropolis Local Management Act, and the reimburse the Amount so paid shall be deemed to be Part of the Expenses for which the said Board are Guardians out empowered to make Assessments under the said Act, and the said Guardians shall apply the onheir General Sum received in aid of the Poor Rate of their Parish or the Common Fund of their Union, as the Case may be, and shall account for the same accordingly.

3. The Relief to which this Act shall apply shall include Food and Articles of Necessity What Relief to supplied by the said Guardians, or by their Relieving or other Officer, or by any Metropolitan be r«ln)bursed. Police Constable authorized by th&m in such Behalf, and also the Cost of Lodging or Shelter

hired or temporarily provided for any such poor Person, but not Money given to him.

4. Where the Guardians shall have provided proper Wards or other Places of Reception Provision for for this Class of Poor, and the same shall have been approved of by the Poor Law Board, Cas^ they may include as Part of the Expense incurred by them in the Relief of these poor estabtohed. Persons such Sum in respect of each Pauper as the Poor Law Board shall from Time

to Time allow for the Cost and Expense of temporarily providing and maintaining such Wards or other Places.

5. Where no adequate Accommodation exists, the Guardians shall provide within their Guardians to respective Unions or Parishes such Wards or other Places of Reception for destitute Wayfarers and Foundlings as the Poor Law Board, having regard to the Number of Persons Ua8ua 8' likely to require Relief therein respectively, shall direct. In default of making such Provision,

and until the same has been made, the Guardians of the Union or Parish so making default shall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Act

[Not to apply to

6. The Provisions of this Act shall not apply to any Expenditure for Relief incurred after the Half Year which will expire at Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and UeUef8^Tfor sixty-five. Lady Day 1865.

---

[Interpretation of Words.]

7. The several Words used in this Act shall be construed as in the Act of the Fourth and Fifth William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and the subsequent Acts explaining and extending the same, and the Provisions thereof not inconsistent with anything herein contained shall be incorporated herewith.

[Short Title.]

8. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the "Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act, 1864."

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to render permissive the Use of the Metric System of Weights and Measures.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS, for the Promotion and Extension of our internal as well as our foreign Trade, and for the Advancement of Science, it is expedient to legalize the Use of the Metric System of Weights and Measures: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

576 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 117.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as the "Metric Weights and Measures Act, 1864."

[Contracts may be made in Terms of the Metric System.]

2. Notwithstanding anything contained in any Act of Parliament to the contrary, no Contract or Dealing shall be deemed to be invalid or open to Objection on the Ground that the Weights or Measures expressed or referred to in such Contract or Dealing are Weights or Measures of the Metric System, or on the Ground that Decimal Subdivisions of legal Weights and Measures, whether Metric or otherwise, are used in such Contract or Dealing.

[Equivalents of Metric Weights and Measures in Terms of Weights and Measures.]

3. The Table in the Schedule hereto annexed shall be deemed to set forth, in Terms of the Weights and Measures in force in this Country, the Equivalents of the Weights and Measures therein expressed in Terms of the Metric System, and such Table may be lawfully used for computing, determining, and expressing, in Weights and Measures, Weights and Measures of the Metric System.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Schedule of Tables of the Values of the principal Denominations of Measures and Weights on the Metric System expressed by means of the legalized Denominations of Measures and Weights in Great Britain and Ireland.

MEASURES OF LENGTH.

Metric Denominations and Values. - Equivalents in British Denominations.

— Metres. Miles. Yards. Feet. Inches. Decimals.

Myriametre - 10,000 - 6 - 376 - 0 - 11.9

or 10,936 - 0 - 11.9

Kilometre - 1000 - 1093 - 1 - 10.79

Hectometre - 100 - 109 - 1 - 1.079

Dekametre - 10 - 10 - 2 - 9.7079

Metre - 1 - 1 - 0 - 3.3708

Decimetre - 1/10 - 3.9371

Centimetre - 1/100 - 0.3937

Millimetre - 1/1000 - 0.0394

MEASURES OF SURFACE.

Metric Denominations and Values. - Equivalents in British Denominations.

— Square Metres. - Acres. Square Yards. Decimals.

Hectare, i.e. 100 Ares - 10,000 - 2 - 22.80.3326

or 11,960.3326

Dekare, i.e. 10 Ares - 1,000 - 1196.0333

Are - 100 - 119.6033

Centiare, i.e. 1/100 Are - 1 - 1.1960

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 118, 119. 577

MEASURES OF CAPACITY.

Metric Denominations and Values. - Equivalents in British Denominations.

— Cubic Metres. - Quarters. Bushels. Pecks. Gallons. Quarts. Pints. Decimals.

Kilolitres i.e. 1000 Litres - 1 - 3 - 2 - 0 - 0 - 0.77

Hectolitre, i.e. 100 Litres - 1/10 - 2 - 3 - 0 - 0 - 0.077

Dekalitre, i.e. 10 Litres - 1/100 - 1 - 0 - 0 - 1.6077

Litre - 1/1000 - 1.76077

Decilitre, i.e. 1/10 Litre - 1/10000 - 0.176077

Centilitre, i.e. 1/100 Litre - 1/100000 - 0.0176077

WEIGHTS.

Metric Denominations and Values. - Equivalents in British Denominations.

— Grams. - Cwts. Stones. Pounds. Ounces. Drams. Decimals.

Millier - 1,000,000 - 19 - 5 - 6 - 9 - 15.04

Quintal - 100,000 - 1 - 7 - 10 - 7 - 6.304

Myriagram - 10,000 - 1 - 8 - 0 - 11.8304

Kilogram - 1,000 - 2 - 3 - 4.3830

(or 15432 3487 grains)

Hectogram - 100 - 3 - 8.4383

Dekagram - 10 - 5.6438

Gram - 1 - 0.56438

Decigram - 1/10 - 0.056438

Centigram - 1/100 - 0.0056438

Milligram - 1/1000 - 0.00056438

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria,

[25 & 26 Vict. c. 97.]

intituled An Act to regulate and amend the Law respecting the Salmon Fisheries of Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria,

[26 & 27 Vict. c. 50.]

intituled An Act to continue the Powers of the Commissioners under the Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to amend the said Act: And whereas by the first-recited Act Provision was made for determining by Byelaws certain Matters on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and certain other Matters on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and for reporting the same to the Secretary of State; and by the second-recited Act the Time for determining and reporting on certain of such Matters was continued till the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and it. is expedient that the Times so limited should be extended, and that the said Two recited Acts should be amended: Be it enacted by the

578 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 118, 119.

Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Time for making certain Byelaws extended.]

1. The said Commissioners shall and may, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, determine the Matters specified and referred to in the Sixth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Sections of the first-recited Act, and the First Section of the second-recited Act, respectively, by Byelaws under their Hands or the Hands of any Two of them, in manner prescribed by the first-recited Act, and the whole Enactments and Provisions of the first-recited Act with respect to the Transmission, Publication, and Confirmation of Byelaws shall be applicable to the Byelaws to be made by the said Commissioners during the Period above specified.

---

Power to Secretary of State to confirm Byelaws.

In Cases where District Boards have not been constituted Commissioners, on Requisition, may re-issue a Byelaw.

Provision where no District Board has been formed.

2. It shall be lawful for the Home Secretary to confirm any Byelaws made under the Provisions of the recited Acts, notwithstanding the Period therein prescribed for such Confirmation may have elapsed at any Period prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

3. In any Case where a District Board has not been constituted, under the Provisions of the first-recited Act, previous to the passing of this Act, the Commissioners may* on the Requisition of any Proprietor of Salmon Fisheries within such District, re-issue A Byefew constituting the District; and the Commissioners, Sheriff, and Sheriff Clerk shall thereupon take all the Proceedings prescribed by the first-recited Act with respect to the Formation of District Boards, and such Boards, when so formed, shall have all the Powers and Authorities conferred on or competent to any District Board under the recited Acts or either of them*.

4. And whereas by the Sixteenth Section of the first-recited Act it is provided, thai, ' previously to making Byelaws, the Commissioners shall communicate the same to the District Board, and afford the Board reasonable Opportunity of making any Representation ' to the Commissioners regarding the same Be it enacted, That the Commissioners may, in all Cases in which no District Board has been formed, make Byelaws in regard to the whole^ Matters and Things specified and referred to in the Sixth and Sixteenth Sections of the firstr recited Act; and, on Compliance with the whole other Provisions of the said Sixteenth Section, the Secretary of State may approve, alter, or disapprove of such Byelaws, and the same, as altered or approved of by him, shall be as legal and binding on all concerned as If they had been previously communicated to a District Board.

[This and recited Acts to be One.]

5. This Act shall be read and construed along with the recited Acts as if the same formed One Act.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to make Provision for the Discipline of the Navy.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to the Government of the Navy, whereon, under the good Providence of God, the Wealth, Safety* and Strength of the Kingdom chiefly depend

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Articles of War.

Public Worship.

Public Worship to be performei

1. All Officers in Command of Her Majesty's Ships of War shall cause the Public Worship of Almighty God according to the Liturgy of the Church of England established by Law to

solemnly

579

3, 7° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

be solemnly, orderly, and reverently performed in their respective Ships, and shall take cate that Prayers and Preaching, by the Chaplains in Holy Orders of the respective Ships, be performed diligently, and that the Lord's Day be observed according to Law.

Misconduct in the Presence of the Enemy.

2. Every Flag Officer, Captain, Commander or Officer commanding subject to this Act who upon Signal of Battle, or on Sight of a Ship of an Enemy which it may be his Duty to engage, shall not,

(l.S Use his utmost Exertion to bring his Ship into Action;

(2.) Or shall not during such Action, in his own Person and according to his Rank, encourage his inferior Officers and Men to light courageously;

(3.) Or who shall surrender his Ship to the Enemy when capable of making a successful Defence, or who in Time of Action shall improperly withdraw from the Fight, shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice shall suffer Death, or be imprisoned, and be also dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service; and if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty^ Service, with or without Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

3. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall forbear to pursue the Chase of any Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, beaten or flying, or shall not relieve and assist a known Friend in View to the utmost of his Power, or who shall improperly forsake his Station, shall, if he has therein acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice, suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

4. When any Action or any Service is commanded, every. Person subject to this Act who shall presume to delay or discourage the said Action or Service upon any Pretence whatsoever, or in the Presence or Vicinity of the Enemy shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

5. Every Person subject to this Act, and not being a Commanding Offioir, who shall not use his utmost Exertions to carry the Orders of his superior Officers into execution when ordered to prepare for Action, or during the Action, shall, if. he has acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Communications with the Enemy.

6. All Spies for the Enemy shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, and shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

7. Every Person subject to this Act who shall traitorously hold —

(l.\ Correspondence with or shall give Intelligence to the Enemy;

(2.) Or fail to make known to the proper Authorities any Information he may have received from the Enemy;

(3.) Or who shall relieve the Enemy with any Supplies, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

8. Every Person subject to this Act who shall, without any treacherous Intention, hold any improper Communication with the Enemy, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Neglect of Duty.

9. Every Person subject to this Act who shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch, or negligently perform the Duty imposed on him, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Penalty for Misconduct in Action.

Penalty for not pursuing the Enemy and of not assisting a. Friend in View.

Penalty for delaying or discouraging the Service, or deserting his Post, &c.

Penalty for Misconduct of subordinate Officers and Men in Action.

Penalty for Spies.

Penalty for corresponding, &c. with the Enemy.

Penalty for improper Communication with the Enemy.

Penalty for abandoning Post, &c.

1580

37° & 38° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

Penalty for

Mutiny accompanied by Acts of Violence.

Penalty for Mutiny not accompanied by Acts of Violence.

Penalty for indtingto: Mutiny.

Penalty for ' 1 Civilians endeavouring to seduce from Allegiance.

Penalty for, making muti-r nousAssemblits or uttering seditious Words.

Penalty for concealing any traitorous or mutinous Practice, De-, sign, or Words.

Punishment for striking or attempting to strike, &c. superior Officer.

Penalty for Disobedience pr using threatening Language to superior Officer.

Penalty for quarrelling, &c. or using reproachful Speech or Gestures.

Mutiny.

10. Where Mutiny is accompanied by Violence, every Person subject to this Act who shall join therein shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Exertions to suppress sqch Mutiny shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death, or such other Punishment is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Cowardice, shall suffer Penal Servitude or such pther Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; if he has acted from Negligence.be shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned. t

11. Where a Mutiny is not accompanied by Violence, the Ringleader or Ringleaders, of

subh Mutiny shall suffer Deith, or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned; and aili other Persons ^who shall join in such Mutiny, or shall not use their utmost ExertioA6 to suppress the same, ' shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment is herein-after mentioned. 1

12. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to this Act from his Duty or Allegiance to Her Majesty, or endeavour to* incite him to commit any Act of Mutiny, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment ae is hereinafter mentioned.

18. Every Person, not otherwise subject to this Act, who, being on board any £8iip of Her Majesty, shall erideavonr to seduce from his Duty br Allegiance i6 Her Majesty1 any Person subject to this Act, sh&U So far as respects such Offence be deemed to fee a Pferteon subject- to this Act; and shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is ^heteitt^Ufter mentioned.

/: t, , i j . - > ' , ! 1 J

Every person subject to this &ct whp shall make or endeavour to make ^ny muripous A^sqpibly, or shall lead or incite any other Person to join in any mutinous AssejpMjfr or uttjer any Words of ^edition or Mutiny, shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

. , 15, r Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully conceal fmy. txaitaypus or mutinous i Practice or Design, or any traitorous or mutinous; Words spoken against Her Majesty, or any Words, Practice, or Design tending to the Hindrance of; the Semico, shall s.uffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned

16. Every Person subject to this Act who shall strike, or with an}/ Weapon attempt to strike, or draw or lift up any Weapon against his superior Officer being hi the Execution of his Offic ^, shall be punished with Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall, otherwise than with a Weapon, attempt to strike or use or attempt to use any Violence against his superior Officer befng in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall strike or attempt to strike, or draw or lift up any Weapon against/or use or attempt to use anly Violence against his superior Officer not being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned;

Insubordination.

17. Every Person who shall wilfully disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer, or* shall Use threatening or insulting Language or behave with Contempt to his superior Officer* shall be punished with Dismissal from Her Majesty Service suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

IS. Every Person subject to this Act who shall quarrel or fight with iny other Person, whether such other Person be or be not subject to this Act, or shall use reproachful or provoking Speeches or Gestures tending to make any Quarrel or Disturbance, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Desertion

, with Disgrace, or

II

581

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 119.

Desertion and Absence without Leave.

19. Every Person Subject to this Act who shall absent himself from his Ship, or from the Place whete his Duty requires him to be, without any Intention of returning to such Ship or Place, or who shall at any Time and under any Circumstances when absent from his Ship do any Act which shows that lie has not any Intention of returning to such Ship or Place, shall be deemed to have deserted, and shall be punished accordingly; that is to say, 1

(1.) If he has deserted to the Enemy he shall be punished with Death or such other Punishment as is herein after mentioned;

(2.) If he has deserted under any other Circumstances he shall be punished with Penal i Servitude oir suxjh other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned;

and* in every sueb Case he shall forfeit all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, fcnd AJUtawsufces that- have been: earrted by him, and all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to him, and also all Clothes and Effects which he may have left on board the Ship or at the Place from which he^ias deserted, unless the Tribunal by which he is tried shall otherwise direct.

t 20. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to thus Act to desert shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

. 21. Every Officer in Command of any Ship of Her Majesty who shall receive or enterfcahr any Deserter from Her Majesty's Military or Naval Forces, after discovering Iniri to be a Deserter, and shqll, not with pli convenient Speed, in the Case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's Naval Forces, give Notice to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Deserter belongs, or, if such Ship is at a Distance, to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Commander*in-Chief, or, in case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's MlUWry Fdrccs, give Notice' t6 the Secretary of War or the Commanding Officer1 Af the RAglthent to which 6uCh Deserter belongs, the Officer so offending shall be dismissed frorii Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

22. Every Persbti sul ject to this Act who shall be absent without Leave shall be liable io Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Ten Weeks, with or without Hard Labour, Or Strch other Pturishment as the Circumstances of the Case may require, and shall also forfeit out of his Wages a Sum not exceeding the Amount of Two Days Pay, exclusive of ajl Charges of Apprehension, an<J> in addition, for every Twenty-five Hours of Absence a Sum not exceeding Six Days Pay; and, so far only as relates to such Forfeiture of Wages, any Person may be dqcmed to be absent without Leave, notwithstanding his Absence may not b^ve been voluntary, but may have been caused by Imprisonment preceding or consequent on Conviction for any Offence against the Law.

Miscellaneous Offences.

23. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any profane Oath, Cursing, Execration, Drunkenness, Uncleanness, or other scandalous Action in derogation of God's Honour and Corruption of good Manners, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

24. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Cruelty, or of any scandalous or fraudulent Conduct, shall be dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service; and every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any other Conduct unbecoming the Character of an Officer shall be dismissed, with or without Disgrace, from Her Majesty's Service.

25. Every Person subject to this Act who shall either designedly or negligently or by any Default lose, strand, or hazard, or suffer to be lost, stranded, or hazarded, any Ship of Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Service, shall be dismissed from' Her Majesty's Service, with Dirgrnce, or sutler such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

26. The

Penalty for Desertion.

Penalty for inducing any Person to desert

Penalty for entertaining a Deserter.

Penalty for Absence without Leave.

Penalty for profane Swearing and other Immoralities.

Penalty on Officer for Cruelty or Oppression.

Penalty for suffering Ships to be improperly lost.

582

Penalty for not taking care of and defending Ships under Convoy.

Master of Merchant Vessel to obey Orders of convoying Officer.

Penalty for taking any Good8 on board other than for the Um of the Vessel, except Gold, Silver, Jewels, &c.

Penalty for embezzling Public Stores.

Penalty for burning any Magazine or Vessel, 8cc. not belonging to an Enemy.

Penalty for making or signing fhlse Musters.

Penalty for Misconduct in Hospital.

Penalty for endeavouring to stir up any Disturbance on account of Unwholesomeness of the

27°, & 28° VICTORIA, c. 119.

26. The Officers of all Ships of Her Majesty appointed for the Convoy and Protection of any Ships or Vessels shall diligently perform their Duty without Delay according to their Instructions in that Behalf; and every Officer who shall fail in his l)utv in this respect, and shall not defend the Ships and Goods under his Convoy, witnbut Deviation to any other Objects, or shall refuse to fight in their Defence if they are assailed, or shall cowardly abandon and expose the Ships in his Convoy to Hazard^ or shall demand or exact any Money or other Reward from any Merchant or Master for convoying any Ships or Vessels intrusted to his Care, or shall misuse the Masterp*or Mariners thereof, shall make such Reparation in Damages to the Merchants, Owners, and others as the Court of Admiralty may adjudge, and also shall be punished cruninally according to the Nature of his Offence, by Death or such other Punishment is therein-, after mentioned.

27. Every Master or other Officer in Command of any Merchant or other Vessel under the Convoy of any Ship of Her Majesty shall obey the Commanding Officer thereof in all Matters relating to the Navigation or Security of the Convoy, and shall take such Precautions for avoiding the Enemy as may be directed by such Commanding Officer; and if be shall fail to obey such Directions, such Commanding Officer may compel Qbedie^pajby: Force of Arms, without being liable for any Loss of Life or of Property that may result from his using such Force.

28. Every Officer in Command of any of Her Majesty's Ships who shall receive on board,

or permit to be received on board, such Ship any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever, otfrtr than for the sole Use of the Ship, except Gold, Silver, or Jewels, and except th^ Good$; ted Merchandise belonging to any Merchant, or on board any Ship which may be shipwrecked or in imminent Danger, either on the High Seas or in some Port, Creek, or, Harbour, /or the Purpose of preserving them for their proper Owners, or except such Goeds, pr Merchandise as he may at any Time be ordered to take or receive on board by Order, of the Admiralty, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

29. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wastefully expend, embezzle, or fraudulently buy, sell, or receive any Ammunition, Provisions, or other public Stores, ted every Person subject to this Act who shall knowingly permit any such wasteful Expenditure, Embezzlement, Sale, or Receipt, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment an is herein-after mentioned.

30. Every Person subject to this Act who shall unlawfully set fire to any Dockyard, Victualling Yard, or Steam Factory Yard, Arsenal, Magazine, Building, Stores, or to any Ship, Vessel, Hoy, Barge, Boat, or other Craft, or Furniture thereunto belonging, not being the Property of an Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

31. Every Person subject to this Act who shall knowingly make or sign a false Muster or Record or other official Document, or who shall command, counsel, or procure the making or signing thereof, or who shall aid or abet any other Person in the making of signing thereof, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

32. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully do any Act, or wilfully disobey any Orders, whether in Hospital or elsewhere, with Intent to produce or to aggravate any Disease or Infirmity, or to delay his Cure, or who shall feign any Disease, Infirmity, or Inability to perform his Duty, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

33. Every Person subject to this Act who shall have any Cause of Complaint, either of the Unwholesomeness of the Victuals or upon any other just Ground, shall quietly make the same known to his Superior, or Captain, or Commander-in-Chief, and the said Superior, Captain, or Commander-in-Chief shall, as far as he is able, cause the same to be presently remedied; and no Person subject to this Act upoa any Pretence whatever

shall

27p *& -28* VICTORIA, c. 119. 583

shall attempt to stir up any Disturbance, upon pain of such Punishment as a Court-martial Victuals or Any think fit to inflict, according to the Degree of Offence. Grounds1

34. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any Act, Disorder, or Penalty for

Neglect to the Prejudice of good Order and Naval Discipline, not herein-before specified, ^j^aval

shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service* with Disgrace, or suffer such other Pisdpline not

Punishment as is herein-after mentioned. particularly

mentioned.

35. Any Person subject to this Act committing any Offence against this Act, Such Crimes to be Offence not being punishable with Death or Penal Servitude, shall, save where this Act punished ac-expressly otherwise provides, be proceeded against and punished according to the Laws and ^twgn£ld Customs in sdch Cases used at Sea. Customs in use.

36. All the Papers, Charter-parties, Bills of Lading, Passports, and other Writings Penalty for not whatsoever that shall be taken, seized, or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall be the

taken as Prize shall be duly preserved, and the Commanding Officer of the Ship which shall Admiralty all take such Prize shall send the Originals entire and without Fraud to the Court of Admiralty, Papers found or such Other Court or Commissioners as shall be authorized to determine whether such aboard Prise Prize be' lawful Capture, there to be viewed, made use of, and proceeded upon according to p8 '

Law, upon pain that every Person offending herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto shall forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

37. No Person subject to this Act shall take out of any Prize or Ship seized for Prize Penalty for any Money, Plate, or Goods, unless it shall be necessary for the better securing thereofJ or for the.necessary Use and Service of any of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, outofany Priae before the same be adjudged lawful Prize in some Admiralty Court; but the full and before the same entire Account of the whole without Embezzlement shall be brought in, and Judgment passed entirely upon the whole, without Fraud, ypon pain that every Person offending emne herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

38. If any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize, none of the Officers, Marines, or Penalty for other Persons on board her shall be stripped of their Clothes, or in any sort pillaged, beaten, or evil intreated, upon pain that the Person or Persons so offending shall be persons taken dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as on board a is herein-after mentioned. Pnze *

39. If the Commanding Officer of any of Her Majesty's Ships does any of the following Things, namely,

fl/) By Collusion with the Enemy takes as Prize any Vessel, Goods, or Thing;

(2.) Unlawfully agrees with any Person for the ransoming of any Vessel, Goods, or Thing taken as Prize; or (3.) In pursuance of any unlawful Agreement for ransoming or otherwise by Collusion actually quits or restores any Vessel, Goods, or Thing taken as Prize; he shall be liable to Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, with Disgrace, or to such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Penalty on Commanders captaring as Prize by Collusion, or collusively restoring Ships or Goods.

40. If any Person subject to this Act breaks Bulk on board any Vessel taken as Prize, Penalty for or detained in the Exercise of any Belligerent Right, or under any Act relating to Piracy or to the Slave Trade or to the Customs, with Intent to embezzle anything therein ship anze or belonging thereto, he shall be liable to Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, with View to Em-Disgrace, or to such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto tenement to forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

Offences punishable by ordinary Law.

4L Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Murder shall suffer Penalty for

Death: # 1 °n^able b

If he shall be guilty of Manslaughter he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other £nUnary Law! Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

If

584

Offences when punishable.

Power of Court-martial to find Intent with which Offence committed.

Power of Court-martial to find Prisoner guilty of lesser Offence on Charge of greater.

Rebels and Mutineers to be deemed Enemies.

Power to arrest Offenders.

Penalty for not assisting in Detection of Prisoners.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

If he shall be guilty of Sodomy with Man or Beast he shall suffer Penal Servitude:

If he shall be guilty of indecent Assaults he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of Robbery or Theft he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of any other Criminal Offence which if committed in England would be punishable by the Law of England, he shall, whether the Offence be or be not committed in England, be punished either in pursuance of the First Part of this Act as an Act to the Prejudice of good Order and Naval Discipline not otherwise specified, or the Offender shall be subject to the same Punishment as might be awarded by any ordinary Criminal Tribunal competent to try the Offender if the Offence had been committed in England.

42. For all Offences specified or referred to in this Act, if committed by any Person subject thereto in any Harbour, Haven, or Creek, or on any Lake or River, whether in or out of the United Kingdom or anywhere within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, or at any Place on shore out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of Her Majesty's Dockyards, Victualling Yards, Steam Factory Yards, or on any Gun Wharf, or in any Arsenal, Barrack, or Hospital belonging to Her Majesty, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act; and for all Offences herein-before specified under the Headings uMisconduct in the Presence of the Enemy," " Communications with the Enemy," " Neglect of Duty," " Mutiny," u Insubordination," u Desertion and Absence without Leave," or " Miscellaneous Offences," if committed by any Person subject to this Act at any Place on shore, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act.

PART IT.

General Provisions.

43. Where the Amount of Punishment for any Offence under this Act depends upon the Intent with which it has been committed, and any Prisoner is charged with having committed such Offence with an Intent involving a greater Degree of Punishment, a Court-martial may find that the Offence was committed with an Intent involving a less Degree of Punishment, and award such Punishment accordingly.

44. Where any Prisoner shall be charged with Murder, a Court-martial may find him guilty of Manslaughter or of a Common Assault; where he shall be charged with Sodomy, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an indecent Assault; where he shall be charged with Theft, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an Attempt to thieve, or of Embezzlement, or of wrongful Appropriation of Property belonging to another; and generally where any Prisoner shall be charged with any Offence under this Act he may, upon Failure of Proof of the Commission of the greater Offence, be found guilty of another Offence of the same Class involving a less Degree of Punishment, but not of any Offence involving a greater Degree of Punishment.

45. All armed Rebels, armed Mutineers, and Pirates, shall be deemed to be Enemies within the Meaning of this Act

46. Every Officer in Command of One of Her Majesty's Ships may, by Warrant under his Hand, authorize any Person to arrest an Offender belonging to such Ship for any Offence against this Act mentioned in such Warrant; and any Person so authorized may use Force, if necessary, for the Purpose of effecting such Apprehension, towards any Person subject to this Act.

47. Every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Endeavours to detect, apprehend, and bring to Punishment all Offenders against this Act, and shall not assist the Officers appointed for that Purpose, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Part

585

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

PART III.

Regulations as to Punishments.

48. The following Punishments may be inflicted in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) Death:

(2.) Penal Servitude:

(3.) Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(4.) Imprisonment or Corporal Punishment:

(5.) Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) Forfeiture of Seniority as an Officer for a specified Time, or otherwise:

(7.) Dismissal from the Ship to which the Offender belongs:

(8.) Severe Reprimand, or Reprimand:

(9.) Disrating a Subordinate or Petty Officer':

(10.) Forfeiture of Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances earned by, and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decoration^ granted to the Offender, or of any One or more of the above Particulars; also, in the Case of Desertion, of all Clothes and Effects left by the Deserter on board the Ship to which he belongs:

(11.) Such minor Punishments as are now inflicted according to the Custom of the Navy, or may from Time to Time be allowed by the Admiralty: »

And each of the above Punishments shall be deemed to be inferior in Degree to ttery Punishment preceding it in the above Scale.

40. The following Regulations are hereby mode with respect; to the Infliction, of Punishments in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) The Admiralty may, except in case of Sentence of Death, which shall only be remitted by Her Majesty, suspend, annul, or modify Tiny Sentence passed on any Person subject to this Act, or substitute a Punishment inferior in Degree for the Punishment involved in any such Sentence, or remit the whole or any Portion of the Punishment involved in any such Sentence, or remit the whole or any Portion of any Punishment into which the Punishment involved in any such Sentence has been commuted: 1 1

(2.) Judgment of Death shall not be passed on any Prisoner unless Four at least of the Officers present at the Court-martial, where the Number does not exceed Five, and in other Cases a Majority of not less than Two Thirds of the Officers present, concur in the Sentence:

(3.) The Punishment of Death shall not be inflicted on any Prisoner until the Sentence has been confirmed by the Admiralty or by the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station:

(4.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude may be inflicted for the Term of Life, or for any other Term of not less than Three Years:

(5.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude shall in all Cases involve Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) Dismissal with Disgrace shall involve in all Cases a Forfeiture of all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances that have been earned by, and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to the Offender, and an Incapacity to serve Her Majesty again in any Military, Naval, or Civil Service, and may also in all Cases be accompanied by a Sentence of Imprisonment, with or without Solitary Confinement, not exceeding the Periods herein-after mentioned, and with or without Hard Labour, for all or any Part of the Term of Imprisonment, and with or without Corporal Punishment:

(7.) The Punishment of Imprisonment may be inflicted for any Term not exceeding Two Years; it may be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Period of such Term not exceeding Fourteen Days at any One Time, and not exceeding Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than 27 & 28 Vict. 4 F the

Punishments.

Regulations as to Infliction of Punishments.

586 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

the Periods of Solitary Confinement; and when the Imprisonment awarded exceeds Eighty-four Days, the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any Twenty-eight Days of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and the Punishment of Imprisonment may also be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept to Hard Labour for all or any Part of the Term of Imprisonment, or any such Direction may apply either to Solitary Confinement or Hard Labour only, and Corporal Punishment may be awarded in addition to any Sentence of Imprisonment, whether such Imprisonment is or is not to be accompanied with Solitary Confinement and Hard Labour, or either of them: In any Case of Corporal Punishment not more than Forty-eight Lashes shall be inflicted:

(8.) No Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment: No Petty or Non-commissioned Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment, except in case of Mutiny 2 All other Punishments authorized by this Act may be inflicted in the Manner heretofore in use in the Navy.

50. No Person, unless he be an Offender who has avoided Apprehension or fled from Justice, shall be tried or punished in pursuance of this Act for any Offence committed by him unless such Trial shall take place within Three Years from the Commission of such Offence, or within One Year after the Return of such Offender to the United Kingdom, where he has been absent from the United Kingdom during such Period of Three Years.

51. Subject to the foregoing Regulations, where any Punishment is specified by this Act as the Penalty for any Offence, and it is further declared that another Punishment may be awarded in respect of the same Offence, the Expression " other Punishment " shall be deemed to comprise any One or more of the Punishments inferior in Degree to the specified Punishment, according to the Scale herein-before mentioned; but Corporal Punishment shall be deemed equal in Degree to Imprisonment, and may in all Cases, subject to the foregoing Regulations, be inflicted as a Substitute for or in addition to Imprisonment.

52. Any Offence triable under this Act may be tried and punished by Court-martial; to try Offences anc* any Offence liable under this Act, not committed by an Officer (except in the Cases

117 ces* by this Act expressly provided for), and not hereby made Capital, may, under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time issue, be summarily tried and punished by the Officer in Command of the Ship to which such Offender belongs, subject to the following Restrictions; (that is to say,)

(1.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to award the Punishment of Penal Servitude:

(2.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to sentence any Man, except a Deserter, or Man absent without Leave, to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Twenty-eight Days, nor to sentence a Deserter to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Three Calendar Months, nor a Man absent without Leave to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Six Weeks, nor to award Solitary Confinement for more than Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of Solitary Confinement:

(3.) Except in case of open Mutiny, no Man shall be sentenced by the Commanding Officer to Corporal Punishment until his Offence has been inquired into by One or more Officers appointed by such Commanding Officer, and his or their Opinion as to the Guilt or Innocence of the Prisoner reported to such Commanding Officer, and the Commanding Officer shall thereupon act as according to his Judgment may seem right.

53. With respect to the Authorities by whom certain Punishments may be imposed, the following Provisions shall take effect; namely,

(1.) With respect to any subordinate Officer, the Punishment of Forfeiture of Time or Seniority may be imposed as follows; namely, by the Admiralty for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, by the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station

for

Authorities empowered to impose Punishments to adhere to Provisions herein named.

Limitation of Time as to Trials.

Scale of Punishment.

Authorities having Power

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119. 587

I

for any Time not exceeding Six Months, or by the Commanding Officer for any Time not exceeding Three Months:

(2.) With respect to any subordinate Officer, the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station shall have Power to impose the Punishments numbered (7.), (8.), and (9.) in the Scale herein-before contained.

PART IV.

Courts-martial.

Constitution of Courts martial.

54. The following Regulations are hereby made with respect to Courts-martial: Constitution of

(1.) A Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five nor more than Nine Officers: Courts-martial.

(2.) No Officer shall be qualified to sit as a Member of any Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act unless he be a Flag Officer, Captain, Commander, or Lieutenant of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay:

(3.) A Court-martial shall not be held unless at least Three of Her Majesty's Ships, not being Tenders, and commanded by Captains, Commanders, or Lieutenants of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay, are together at the Time when such Court-martial is held:

(4.) No Officer shall sit on a Court-martial who is under Twenty-one Years of Age:

(5.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Flag Officer shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Flag Officer, and the other Officers composing the Court are of the Rank of Captain, or of higher Rank:

(6.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, and the other Officers composing the Court are Commanders or Officers of higher Rank:

(7.) No Court-martial for the Trial of any Person below the Rank of Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, nor unless in addition to the President there are Two other Members of the Court of the Rank of Commander or of higher Rank:

(8.) The Prosecutor shall not sit on any Court-martial for the Trial of a Prisoner whom he prosecutes:

(9.) The Admiralty shall have Power to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of Offences under this Act, and to grant Commissions to any Officer of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay authorizing him to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of such Offences:

(10.) An Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial shall not be empowered to do so if there is present at the Place where such Court-martial is to be held any Officer superior in Rank to himself, on Full Pay and in command of One or more of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, although such last-mentioned Officer may not hold a Commission to order Courts-martial; and in such a Case such last-mentioned Officer may order a Court-martial, although he does not hold any Commission for the Purpose:

(11.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, having the Command of a Fleet or Squadron, and being in Foreign Parts, die, be recalled, leave his Station, or be removed from his Command, the Officer upon whom the Command of the Fleet or Squadron devolves, and so from Time to Time the Officer who shall have the Command of the Fleet or Squadron, shall, without any Commission from the Admiralty, have the same Power to order Courts-martial as the first-mentioned Officer was invested with:

(12.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, and having the Command of any Fleet or Squadron of Her Majesty's Ships in Foreign Parts, shall detach any Part of such Fleet or Squadron, he may, by Commission under his Hand, empower the Commanding Officer of the Squadron or Detachment ordered on such separate Service, and in case of his Death or ceasing so to command the Officer to whom the Command of such separate Squadron or Detachment shall belong, to order Courts-martial during the Time of such separate

Where Courts-martial to be held.

As to Time of Sittings of Courts-martial.

Appointment of officiating Judge Advocate.

Proceedings at Trial.

Oaths to be administered to Members of Courts-martial.

Oath to be administered to Judge Advocate, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

Service, or until such Authority shall be revoked, or until the Officer commanding the Detachment shall come under the Command of another superior Officer, or shall return to the United Kingdom:

(13.) The Officer ordering a Court-martial shall not sit thereon r

(14.) The President of every Court-martial shall be named by the Authority ordering the same, or by any Officer empowered by such Authority to name the President:

(15.) No Commander or Lieutenant shall be required to sit as a Member of any Court-martial when Four Officers of a higher Rank and junior to the President can be assembled at the Place where the Court-martial i3 to be holden (but the Regularity or Validity of any Court-martial or of the Proceedings thereof shall not be affected by any Commander or Lieutenant being required to sit, or sitting, thereon, under any Circumstances); and when any Commander or Lieutenant sits on any Court-martial the Members of it shall not exceed Five in Number:

(16.) Subject to the foregoing Regulations, whenever a Court-martial shall be hel l the Officer appointed to preside thereat shall summon all the Officers next in Seniority to himself present at the Place where the Court-martial shall be held to sit thereon, until the Number of Nine, or such Number, not less than Five, as is attainable, is complete; subject to this Proviso, that the Admirals and Captains, being Superintendents of Her Majesty's Dockyards, shall not be summoned to sit on Courts-martial unless specially directed to do so by Orders from the Admiralty.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

55. A Court-martial under this Act shall be held on board One of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War.

56. A Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act shall sit from Day to Day, with the Exception of Sundays, until Sentence is given, unless prevented from so doing by Stress of Weather or unavoidable Accident, and its Proceedings shall not he delayed by the Absence of any Member, so that not less than Five are present; and no Member shall absent himself unless compelled so to do by Sickness or other just Cause, to be approved of by the other Members of the Court; and if any Member of a Court-martial shall absent himself therefrom in contravention of this Section, lie shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as may be awarded by a Court-martial.

57. In the Absence of a Judge Advocate or his Deputy, the Officer who is to be the President of the Court-martial may appoint any Person to officiate as Judge Advocate at the Trial; and the Judge Advocate of any Fleet for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, herein-after included under the Term "the Judge Advocate," shall administer an Oath to every Witness appearing at the Trial.

58. As soon as the Court is assembled, the Names of the Officers composing the Court shall be read over to the Prisoner, who shall he asked if he objects to being tried by any Member of the Court; if the Prisoner shall object to any Member, the Objection shall be decided by the Court; if the Objection shall be allowed, the Place of the Member objected to shall be filled up by the Officer next in Seniority who is not on the Court-martial, subject to the Regulations herein-before contained.

59. Before the Court shall proceed to try the Prisoner, the Judge Advocate shall administer to every Member of the Court the following Oath; that is to say,

4 I do swear, That I will duly administer Justice according to Law, without

4 Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and I do further swear, that I will not on any Account, 4 at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of this Court-martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD. '

60. As soon os the said Oath shall be administered to the Members of the Court-martial, the President shall administer to the Judge Advocate the following Oath:

4 I do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any Time whatso-

ever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Courtmartial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

6L The

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119. 589

61. The Admiralty may from Time to Time frame General Orders for altering and Power to regulating (subject to the Provisions of this Act) the Procedure and Practice of Courts- f^me^eneral martial under this Act; and any such General Orders shall have full Effect if and when Orders for approved by Her Majesty in Council, on a Report of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Practice of Council, but not sooner or otherwise; and every Order in Council made under this Section Courts-martial-shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

62. Every Person, Civil, Naval, and Military, who may be required to give Evidence Summoning before a Court-martial, shall be summoned by the Judge Advocate; and all Persons so Witnesses, summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Court, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged

from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrosted, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who make default in attending on such Courts, or attending refuse to be sworn or make Affirmation, or being sworn or having made Affirmation refuse to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, or prevaricate in giving their Evidence, shall, upon Certificate thereof under the Hand of the President of such Court-martial, he liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness after having been duly summoned and subpoenaed had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint is made, or had refused to be sworn, or on being sworn had refused to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand, or had prevaricated in giving Evidence, or, if the Court-martial shall think fit, in case any such Person belong to Her Majesty's Navy, being called upon to give Evidence at any Court-martial, shall refuse or neglect to attend to give his Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation, or shall prevaricate in' his Evidence, or behave with Contempt to the Court, such Court-martial may punish every such Offender by Imprisonment not longer than Three Months in case of such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevarication, nor longer than One Month in the Case of such Contempt; and every Person not subject to this Act who may be so summoned to attend shall be allowed and paid his reasonable Expenses, under the Authority of the Admiralty, for such Attendance.

63. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon Oath or upon Affirmation before Penalty on Per-any Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false f^seEvjdfnce Evidence, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury; and every such Offence, wheresoever committed, shall be triable and punishable in England; and where any such

Offence committed out of England is tried in England, all Statutes and Laws applicable to Cases of Perjury shall apply to the Case.

64. Where it shall appear upon the Trial by Court-martial of any Person charged with Where Persons an Offence that such Person is insane, the Court shall find specially the Fact of his Insanity, ThnJTof* and shall order such Person to be kept in strict Custody in such Place and in such Manner offence or

as the Court shall deem fit until the Directions of the Admiralty thereupon are known, and Trial, it shall be lawful for the Lords of the Admiralty to give Orders for the safe Custody of such Person during Her Majesty's Pleasure in such Place and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

65. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, shall transmit with Report of Proas much Expedition as may be the original Proceedings, or a complete and authenticated courteHmartial Copy thereof, and the original Sentence of every Court-martial attended by him, to the to be trans-Commander-in-Chief or senior Officer, who shall transmit them to the Secretary of the mitted.

Admiralty

590

Sentence of Penal Servitude.

Disposal of Offender after Sentence of Penal Servitude.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

Admiralty for the Time being, and any Person tried by a Court-martial shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial if the same takes place in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Naval Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere, (upon Payment for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words,) but no such Demand shall be allowed after the Space of Three Years from the Date of the final Decision of such Court.

PART Y.

Penal Servitude and Prisons.

Penal Servitude.

66. Whenever any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or whenever Sentence of Penal Servitude shall be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial, and such Sentence, or any Part thereof, is intended to be carried into effect, the Admiralty shall cause the same to be notified in Writing to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is or may be authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Order in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders sentenced by Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction to Penal Servitude; and such Order and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender may at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute relating to Penal Servitude with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, and be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Statute; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to all the Penalties and Provisions made by Law, and in force for the Time being, concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude is made, every Law in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave, of any such Offender; and the Judge or Baron who makes an Order for Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of the Admiralty, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench, and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or the Admiralty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made, and such Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

67. When any Sentence of Death shall have been commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Person subject to this Act shall have been condemned to Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or any Commander-in-Chief on any Foreign Station, or the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Person belongs or has belonged, to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he is removed therefrom by the Order of the Admiralty or any such Commander-in-Chief or other due Authority, or under an Order for his Penal

Servitude

591

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

Servitude, to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid, and a Certificate of his Sentence (such Certificate to be signed by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by any such Commander-in-Chief, or such Commanding Officer) shall be a sufficient Authority to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which he may be sent, or to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison, to receive and detain him.

68. In case any such Offender shall be conveyed to any Prison, not being a Naval Prison appointed by virtue of this Act, an Allowance such as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct shall be made to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, and such Allowance shall be paid by Order of the Admiralty upon Production by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender has been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

69. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he has been previously sentenced, although the Aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Prisons.

70. Every Term of Penal Servitude or of Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the Sentence was awarded, and the Place of Imprisonment, whether the Imprisonment was awarded as an original or as a commuted Punishment, shall be such Place as may be appointed by the Court or the Commanding Officer awarding the Punishment, or which may from Time to Time be appointed by the Admiralty, or by the Commander-in-Chief or senior Officer present on any Foreign Station, and may be One of the Naval Prisons appointed under this Act, or any Common Gaol, House of Correction, or Military Prison within Her Majesty's Dominions.

71. Whenever it is deemed expedient it shall be lawful for the Admiralty or any such Commander-in-Chief, by any Order in Writing, from Time to Time to change the Place of Confinement of any Offender imprisoned or sentenced to be imprisoned or detained in pursuance of this Act, and the Gaoler or other Person having the Custody of such Offender shall immediately on the Receipt of such Order remove such Offender to the Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction mentioned in the said Order, or shall deliver him over to Naval Custody for the Purpose of the Offender being removed to such Prison; and every Gaoler or Keeper of such last-mentioned Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction shall, upon being furnished with a Copy of such Order of Removal, attested by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, receive into his Custody and shall confine pursuant to such Sentence or Order every such Offender.

72. The Gaoler or other Person removing any Offender in pursuance of such Order shall be allowed for the Charges of such Removal a Sum not exceeding One Shilling a Mile, and when any Offender is not confined in a Naval Prison the Gaoler or other Person in whose Custody any such Offender may be shall receive such an Allowance as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct for every Day that such Offender is in his Custody, to be applied towards his Subsistence, and such Sum shall be paid to the said Gaoler or other Person under the Authority of the Admiralty, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction shall be situate, with a Copy of the Sentence or Order under which the Prisoner is confined.

73. Whenever any Prisoner is undergoing Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or any Commander-in-Chief on any Foreign Station, or

where

Subsistence of Offender.

Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment

Place of Imprisonment may be changed, &c.

Expenses of Removal or Subsistence of Prisoners.

Proviso for Discharge or Removal of Prisoners.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE. 119.

where an Offender has been imprisoned by Order of his Commanding Officer, for such Commanding Officer, or the Admiralty, or any such Commander-in-Chief, to give an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged; and it shall also be lawful for the Admiralty, or any such Commander-in-Chief, and any Officer commanding any of Her Majesty's Ships, by Order in Writing, to direct that any such Prisoner be delivered over to Naval Custody for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness, or for Trial or otherwise, and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order, be discharged, or be delivered over to such Custody.

Proviso as to 74. The Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment is detained Uo^nNavaT1" *n ^ava^ Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under his Sentence, for whatever Custody. Purpose such Detention takes place; and the Governor, Gaoler, Keeper, or Superintendent

who shall deliver over any Such Prisoner shall again receive him from Naval Custody, so that he may undergo the Remainder of his Punishment.

75. If any Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act shall become insane, and a Certificate to that Effect shall be given by Two Physicians or Surgeons, the Admiralty shall, by Warrant, direct the Removal of such Person to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for insane Persons in the United Kingdom as they may judge proper for the unexpired Term of his Imprisonment; and if any such Person shall in the same Manner be certified to be again of sound Mind, the Admiralty may issue a Warrant for his being removed to such Prison or Place of Confinement as may be deemed expedient, to undergo the Remainder of his Punishment, and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction shall receive him accordingly.

Admiralty may 76. The Admiralty may set apart any Buildings or Vessels, or any Parts thereof, as Build's and ^ava^ Prisons, and any Buildings or Vessels, or Parts of Buildings or Vessels, so set apart, Ships^Naval shall be deemed to be Naval Prisons within the Meaning of this Act, and all Powers Prisons. Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which new, are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Naval Prisons, belong to the Admiralty; and it shall be lawful for the Admiralty from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Naval Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein, and from Time to Time to appoint Inspectors and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Naval Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Inspectors, Officers, or Servants of any such Naval Prison; and the senior Officer at any Port or Place or on any Station where there may be any such Naval Prison, or such senior Officer and such other Person and Persons as the Admiralty may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, or Officer having the Charge or Command of any such Naval Prison respectively shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made as aforesaid, have and exercise, in respect of such Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

In case of Insanity Prisoner to be removed to some Lunatic Asylum.

Penalties on 77. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any such Naval Prison o^AttemTto an7 ^rmB> Tools, or Intruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, to facilitate the Escape escape of of any Prisoner, or by any Means whatever shall aid any Prisoner to escape or in an Prisoners, and Attempt to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such rrifon^Ke °u)a Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be im-tion^ prisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, or suffer

Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, or to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Officer having Charge or Command thereof, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall

593

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or by desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the said Officer, shall carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall interrupt any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person to assault, resist, or interrupt any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or if the Offender be a Prisoner he shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, or not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which lie was originally sentenced as may be then unexpired, and every Penalty which may be incurred under this Section shall be recoverable in a summary Manner; and such Two Justices or Three Visitors are hereby authorized to issue Warrants of Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, and every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty shall direct, any Law, Statute, Charter, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

78. Every Governor, Gaoler, and Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, and every Officer having the Charge or Command of any Place, Ship, or Vessel for Imprisonment, who shall, without lawful Excuse, refuse or neglect to receive or confine, remove, discharge, or deliver up any Offender against the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, shall incur for every such Refusal or Neglect a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace; and such Two Justices are hereby authorized to issue Warrants of Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, and every such Penalty shall be applied as the Admiralty shall direct, any Law, Statute, Charter, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

79. During the Imprisonment of any Person in pursuance of this Act all Pay and Wages of the Prisoner shall be suspended and stopped.

PART VI.

Supplemental Provisions.

80. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Naval Discipline Act, 1864.

81. This Act shall be in force within the United Kingdom, and as regards the United Kingdom The Naval Discipline Act, 1861, shall be repealed from and after One Calendar Month from the passing hereof; and as regards elsewhere, this Act shall be in force, and The Naval Discipline Act, 1861, shall be repealed from and after Six Calendar Months from the passing hereof.

82. In the Construction of this Act, unless there be something in the Context or Subject Matter repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction,

" Admiralty," or u the Lords of the Admiralty," shall mean the Lord High Admiral for the Time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and when there shall be no such Lord High Admiral in Office, any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom:

"Officer" shall mean an Officer belonging to One of Her Majesty's Ships, and shall include a subordinate and a Warrant Officer, but shall not extend to Petty and Noncommissioned Officers:

When the Words " Superior Officer " are used in this Act they shall be held to include all Officers, including Petty and Non-commissioned Officers.

83. Every Person in or belonging to Her Majesty's Navy, and borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be subject to this Act; and all other Persons hereby made liable thereto, and all Spies, shall be triable and punishable under the Provisions of this Act.

84. Her Majesty's Land Forces, when embarked on board any of Her Majesty's Ships, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act to such Extent and under such Regulations as

27 & 28 VICT. 4 G Her

Penalty as regards Gaolers, &c.

Pay to be stopped during Imprisonment, &c.

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Definition of Terms.

Persons subject to this Act.

Land Forces embarked as Passengers.

Other Persons embarked as Passengers.

Provisions respecting Discipline in hired Ships in Her Majesty's Service in War.

Crews of Ships lost or destroyed.

All the Officers and Crew of lost Ship may be tried by One Court;

or by separate Courts.

For subsequent Offence, separate Court.

Pay of Crews of Ships lost or taken.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119.

Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by any Order or Orders in Council, shall at any Time or Times direct.

85. All other Persons ordered to be received or being Passengers on board any of Her Majesty's Ships shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time direct.

86. With respect to hired Vessels in Her Majesty's Service in Time of War, being either armed or under the Command of an Officer in Her Majesty's Naval Service, the following Provisions shall take effect if in any Case the Admiralty think fit so to direct, and the same shall be specified in the Ship's Articles:

(1.) Every Person borne on the Books of any such hired Vessel shall be subject to this Act:

(2.) Any Offence committed by any such Person shall be tried and punished as the like Offence might be tried and punished if committed by any Person in or belonging to Her Majesty's Navy, and borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission:

(3.) Every such Offender who is to be tried by Court-martial shall be placed under all necessary Restraint until he can be tried by Court-martial:

(4.) On Application made to the Lords of the Admiralty, or to the Commander-in-Chieff or senior Officer of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War abroad authorized to assemble and hold Courts-martial, the Lords of the Admiralty, Commander-in-Chief, or senior Officer (as the Case may be) shall assemble and hold a Court-martial for the Trial of the Offender:

(5.) The Officer commanding every such hired Vessel shall have the same Power in respect of all other Persons borne on the Books thereof, or for the Time being on board the same, as the Officer commanding One of Her Majesty's Ships has for the Time being in respect of the Officers and Crew thereof or other Persons on board the same:

(6.) The Naval Commander-in-Chief and Senior Naval Officer in Her Majesty's Service shall have the same Powers over the Officers and Crew of every such hired Vessel as they have for the Time being over the Officers and Crew of any of Her Majesty's Ships.

87. When any One of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked or lost or destroyed, or taken by the Enemy, such Ship shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to remain in Commission until her Crew shall be regularly removed into some other of Her Majesty's Ships of War, or until a Court-martial shall have been held, pursuant to the Custom of the Navy in such Cases, to inquire into the Cause of the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of the said Ship.

88. When no specific Charge shall be made against any Officer or Seaman or other Person in the Fleet for or in respect or in consequence of such Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture, it shall be lawful to try all the Officers and Crew or all the surviving Officers and Crew of any such Ship, together, before One and the same Court, and to call upon all or any of them when upon their Trial to give Evidence on Oath or Affirmation before the Court touching any of the Matters then under Inquiry, but no Officer or Seaman or other Person shall be obliged to give any Evidence which may tend to criminate himself.

89. When deemed necessary by the Admiralty, or any Officer authorized to order Courts-martial, separate Courts-martial shall be held for the Trial of some One or more of such Officers and Crew for or in respect or in consequence of the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship.

00. For any Offence or Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman, or Officers and Seamen, after the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship, a separate Court-martial shall be held for the Trial of such Offender or Offenders.

01. When any Ship of Her Majesty shall be wrecked, lost, or otherwise destroyed, or taken by the Enemy, if it shall appear by the Sentence of a Court-martial that the Crews of

595

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 119, 120.

such Ship did, in the Case of a Ship wrecked or lost, do their utmost to save her or get her off, and in the Case of a Ship taken by the Enemy did their utmost to defend themselves, and that they have, since the Wreck, Destruction, Loss, or Capture of such Ship, behaved themselves well, and been obedient to their Officers, then all the Pay of such Crews or of such Portions of such Crews as have behaved themselves well, and been obedient to their Officers, shall be continued until the Time of their being discharged or removed into other Ships of Her Majesty, or dying.

92. If the Ship of any Officer ordered to command any Two or more of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked, lost, or otherwise destroyed, such Officer shall continue in the Command of any Ship or Ships which at the Time of his Ship being w recked, lost, or destroyed was or were under his Command, and it shall be lawful for such Officer to order the surviving Officers and Crew of the wrecked, lost, or destroyed Ship to join any other Ship under his Command, or to distribute them among the other Ships under his Command, if more than One, and such Officer shall, until he meets with some other Officer senior to himself, have the same Power and Authority in all respect as if his Ship had not been wrecked, lost, or destroyed.

PART YIT.

Saving Clause.

93. Any Person who has committed or may commit, before this Act comes into force, any Offence against The Naval Discipline Act, 1861, or the Act thereby repealed, for which such Person has not been tried before this Act comes into force, shall be tried and punished under this Act as if such Crime or Offence had been committed against the same, but he shall not suffer any greater Punishment than he was liable to under The Naval Discipline Act, 1861, or the Act thereby repealed; and any Proceeding of any Court-martial, or any other Proceedings under The Naval Discipline Act, 1861, which may be pending when this Act comes into force, shall be continued, and the Offender, if found guilty, shall be punished as if the Act against which he offended had not been repealed.

94. Nothing in this Act shall take away, abridge, or control, further or otherwise than as expressly provided by this Act, any Right, Power, or Prerogative of Her Majesty the Queen in right of Her Crown, or in right of Her Office of Admiralty, or any Right or Power of the Admiralty.

95. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to supersede or affect the Authority or Power of any Court or Tribunal of ordinary Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, or any Officer thereof, in Her Majesty's Dominions, in respect of any Offence mentioned in this Act which may be punishable or cognizable by the Common or Statute Law.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of further Powers by Railway Companies.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in certain Cases Railway Companies be enabled to " obtain further Powers on complying with the Conditions of a General Act of Parliament, without being obliged to procure in each Case a Special Act: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Railway Companies Powers Act, 1864.

4 G 2

2. In

When Ship of senior Officer is lost he may dispose of Officers and Crew of lost Ship.

Trial of Offences against repealed Acts.

Nothing to take away Prerogative of Crown, or Rights or Powers of Admiralty.

Act not to supersede Authority of ordinary Courts,

[Short Title.]

596

Interpretation of Terms.

Act to apply in Cases therein named.

As to Application for Certificate by Company to Board of Trade.

Said Board to inquire if Requirements have been complied with; and to consider all Representations and Objections.

On Railway or Canal Company affected giving Notice of Opposition Proceedings before

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

2. In this Act —

Tin Term " Railway " includes Works connected with or for the Purposes of a Railway, and also a Railway authorized to be hut not actually constructed:

The Term " Railway Bill" means a Bill pending in or intended to be introduced into either House of Parliament, having for its Object or One of its Objects to authorize the making of a Railway:

The Term " the Companies Clauses Acts'1 means, so far as the Enactment in which that Term is used relates to England or Ireland, or to a Certificate to be operative in England or Ireland, The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and, so far as the same relates to Scotland, or to a Certificate to be operative in Scotland, The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; together with in each Case The Companies Clauses Act, 1863:

The Term " the Board of Trade" means the Lords of the Committee for the Time being of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations.

Description of Cases within this Act

3. This Act shall take effect and apply in each of the Cases following; namely,

I. — Where a Railway Company are desirous that Authority should be given to themselves

and some other Railway Company or Companies to enter into an Agreement with respect to all or any of the Matters following; namely,

The Maintenance and Management of the Railways of the Companies respectively, or of any One or more of them, or of any Part thereof respectively;

The Use and Working of the Railways or Railway, or of any Part thereof, and the Conveyance of Traffic thereon;

The fixing, collecting, and Apportionment of the Tolls, Rates, Charges, Receipts, and Revenues levied, taken, or arising in respect of Traffic;

The joint Ownership, Maintenance, Management, and Use of a Station or other Work; or the separate Ownership, Maintenance, Management, and Use of several Parts of a Station or other Work:

II. — Where a Railway Company are desirous of obtaining an Extension of the Time

limited for the Sale by them of superfluous Lands:

III. — Where a Railway Company incorporated by Special Act or by Certificate under The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864, are desirous of obtaining Authority to raise additional Capital.

Application for Certificate.

4. In any such Case the Company, if desirous to obtain a Certificate under this Act, shall proceed as follows; namely,

(I.) They shall apply to the Board of Trade for a Certificate under this Act:

(2.) They shall lodge at the Office of the Board of Trade a Draft of the Certificate as proposed by them:

(3.) They shall publish Notice of the Application according to the General Rules under this Act.

5. As soon as conveniently may be after the Time for Completion of the required Notice, e Board of Trade shall proceed to inquire whether the Company have complied with the

Requirements of the General Rules respecting Notice.

6. The Board of Trade, before settling a Draft of a Certificate, shall take into consideration any Representation made to them, and shall duly inquire into the Merits of any Objection brought before them, respecting the Application.

Opposition of Railway or Canal Company to Application.

7. If in any Case any Railway or Canal Company desire to be heard by Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses against the Application of the Promoters, and (within such Time as is prescribed by General Rules under this Act) lodge at the Office of the Board of Trade a Notice in Writing to that Effect (herein-after referred to as a Notice of Opposition)

in

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120. 597

in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act (with such Variations as Circumstances Board of Trade require), in that Case the Board of Trade, if the Railway or Canal Company lodging the 40 cea8e* Notice would be affected in any way by the proposed Certificate, shall not proceed on the Application of the Promoters,

i

8. Where the Board of Trade do not proceed on the Application they shall, not later Further Proin any Year than the Fifteenth Day of February, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not,

then within Seven Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, lay before both Houses of in lamei1 Parliament a Copy of the Draft Certificate lodged by the Promoters and of the Notice of Opposition; and the Promoters shall be at liberty to seek by way of Bill in the same Session, in such Manner and on such Conditions as the Houses of Parliament respectively by Standing Order or otherwise from Time to Time direct, such Powers as were sought by them by way of Certificate.

Settlement of Draft Certificate.

9. Where the Board of Trade proceed on the Application, then, on being satisfied that the Company have complied with the Requirements of the General Rules respecting Notice, they may, if they think fit, settle a Draft of a Certificate, certifying to the Effect following; namely,

In the first-mentioned Case, that the Companies in the Certificate specified are authorized to agree among themselves with respect to all or any of the Matters aforesaid in the Certificate specified;

In the secondly-mentioned Case, that the Time limited for the Sale by the Company of superfluous Lands is extended as in the Certificate specified;

In the thirdly-mentioned Case, that the Company are authorized to raise, as Capital, for the Purposes of the Certificate, such additional Sum of Money as therein limited, by the Issue of new Shares or new Stock, either Ordinary or Preference, or partly Ordinary and partly Preference, or partly in that Mode and partly by borrowing on Mortgage, at the Option of the Company, or as may be prescribed in the Certificate, and with Power to create and issue Debenture Stock.

10. The Board of Trade may (subject to the Provisions of this Act, and having regard to the Provisions of any Special Act relating to any Company empowered by a Certificate,) insert in the Certificate such Provisions as they, according to the Circumstances of the Case, deem necessary or proper for better effectuating the Purposes of the Certificate, and the same shall be deemed to all Intents Part of the Certificate.

11. The Certificate may be in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Form of

Provisions as aforesaid. Certificate.

Submission of Draft Certificate to Houses of Parliament.

12. The Board of Trade shall lay the Draft Certificate settled by them before both Houses DraftCertificate of Parliament within Seven Days after the same is settled, if Parliament is then sitting, or to be laid before if not, then within Seven Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, but not later in any pJ5Sient Year than the First Day of June.

13. On the Draft Certificate being settled the Promoters according to General Rules under this Act.

14. If either House of Parliament within Six Weeks after settled by the Board of Trade is laid before that House resolves not to be made, the same shall not be further proceeded with.

Issue and Publication of Certificate.

15. If neither House of Parliament within the Period aforesaid thinks fit to resolve that If neither House the Certificate ought not to be made, then as soon as the Period of Six Weeks after the

laying of the Draft Certificate before both Houses of Parliament has expired the Board of ought to be Trade may make and issue a Certificate in conformity with such Draft. mate Board of

Trade may

16. The issue the same.

shall give Notice thereof Notice thereof

to bfi given.

the Draft of a Certificate If either House that the Certificate ought

ought not to be made, it shall not be proceeded with.

Insertion of Conditions in Certificate.

Power to Board of Trade to settle Certificate according to Nature of Application as herein-named.

Publication of Certificate in Gazette.

Operation of Certificate as Special Act

Judicial Notice of Certificate.

Interpretation of Certificate.

Parts of 26 & 27 Vict. cc. 92. & 118. incorporated.

Rule as to short Distances.

Restriction as to issue of Shares.

Restrictions on Company as to borrowing, &c.

e

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

16. The Certificate shall be published as follows; namely.

Where One Company only is thereby empowered, then in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as the Head Office of the Company is situate in England, Scotland, or Ireland:

Where Two or more Companies are thereby empowered, then in One or more of the Gazettes, according as the several Head Offices of the Companies respectively are situate in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.

Effect of Certificate.

17. As from the Time (not being prior to such Publication) in the Certificate prescribed, and if none is prescribed then as from the Time of such Publication, the Certificate shall have the same Force and Operation, and shall be as absolutely valid and conclusive to all Intents, as if the Contents thereof (taken in conjunction with this Act) had been expressly enacted by Parliament; and the Validity of the Certificate shall not be impeached on account of any alleged Informality in any Court or elsewhere.

18. The Certificate shall be judicially noticed without being specially pleaded.

19. Terms used in the Certificate shall have the same Meanings as they have when tided in this Act.

20. There shall be incorporated with the Certificate (which shall for this Purpose be deemed the Special Act) —

In the first-mentioned Case, Part III. of The Railways Clauses Act, 1863;

In the thirdly-mentioned Case, the Companies Clauses Acts.

2L In the first-mentioned Case, during the Continuance of any Agreement for the joint working of any Two Railways, in the Calculation of Tolls and Charges for short Distances in respect of Traffic conveyed on both Railways, the Distances traversed shall be reckoned continuously on such Railways as if they were One Railway.

22. It shall not be lawful for any Company empowered by a Certificate under this Act to issue any Share created under the Authority of the Certificate, nor shall any such Share vest in the Person accepting the same, unless and until a Sum not being less than One Fifth Part of the Amount of such Share is paid up in respect thereof.

23. In the thirdly-mentioned Case the Company, whether incorporated by Special Act or by Certificate, shall be subject to the following Restrictions; namely,

(1.) They shall not exercise any Power of borrowing Money under the Certificate Until the whole of the Share Capital authorized by the Certificate is subscribed for or taken, and until One Half thereof is actually paid up, and until they prove to the Justice who is to certify under Section 40. of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or (in Scotland) to the Sheriff who is to certify under Section 42. of The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Case may be, before he so certifies, that Shares for the whole of the Capital are issued and accepted, and that not less than One Fifth Part of the Amount of each separate Share has been paid up on account thereof before or at the Time of the Issue or Acceptance thereof, and that all such Shares are taken in good Faith, and are held by the Subscribers or their Assigns, those Subscribers or their Assigns being legally liable for the same (of which Matters the Certificate of the Justice or Sheriff shall be sufficient Evidence):

(2.) They shall not borrow a larger Sum in the whole than One Third of the Amount of the Share Capital authorized by the Certificate:

(3.) They shall not, out of Money raised under the Certificate by Calls or borrowing, pay Interest or Dividend to a Shareholder on the Amount of Calls made on his Shares, whether created under the Certificate or otherwise (but this Provision shall not prevent them paying to a Shareholder under the Certificate such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of Calls actually made as is allowed by the Companies Clauses Acts):

(4.) They

599

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

(4.) They shall not, out of Money so raised, pay or deposit any Money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any Application to Parliament or the Board of Trade:

(5.) They shall apply every Part of the Money so raised only for the Purposes for which it is by the Certificate authorized to be applied.

Miscellaneous.

24. Nothing in this Act shall make it obligatory on the Board of Trade to settle a Draft of a Certificate in any Case if it appears to the Board of Trade for any Reason that the Application for a Certificate should not be complied with.

25. Nothing in the Certificate shall exempt any Railway to which it relates, or the Company to whom that Railway belongs, from the Provisions of any General Act of Parliament relating to Railways, or to the better Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, passed before or after the issuing of the Certificate, or from any Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Tolls and Charges allowed to be taken in respect of that Railway.

26. A Certificate may be made under this Act and The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864, jointly, and in any such Case the Forms of Certificate given in this Act and the said Act may be adapted to the Circumstances of the Case.

27. Where, in case the Company were proceeding by a Railway Bill instead of under this Act, the Approval of the Bill in any Manner by the Members of the Company would be required under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament for the Time being in force, the Board of Trade shall not issue a Certificate without being satisfied that the Members of the Company have in like Manner approved of the Application to the Board of Trade.

28. Subject and according to the Restrictions and Provisions of this Act, the Board of Trade, on the Application of the Company, may from Time to Time amend, extend, or vary by Certificate any Certificate issued under this Act, and may by Certificate revoke a previous Certificate issued under this Act

29. If in any Case it is made to appear to the Board of Trade that any Error has been committed in a Certificate or in relation thereto, the Board of Trade may, subject and according to the Restrictions and Provisions of this Act, on the Application of the Company, Body, or Person affected by the Error, and on Notice to the Company or Companies empowered by the Certificate, correct the Error by a further Certificate.

30. A Copy of the London or Edinburgh or Dublin Gazette containing a Certificate or a Copy of a Certificate, purporting to be printed by the Printers of the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Certificate and of the due Publication thereof, without any Proof of the Gazette or without any Proof of the Copy having been in fact so printed, as the Case may be.

31. Every Company empowered by a Certificate shall at all Times keep at their Head Office Copies of the Certificate printed by the Printers of the Gazette or One of the Gazettes in which the same was published in such Form as General Rules direct, to be sold to all Persons desiring to buy the same at a Price not exceeding One Shilling for each Copy.

If any Company fail to comply with this Provision they shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which such Failure continues after the First Penalty is incurred.

32. The Provisions of this Act relative to the first-mentioned Case and to the secondly-mentioned Case respectively shall extend and apply, mutalis mutandis, to the Proprietors of a Railway although not incorporated as a Company.

33. Penalties under this Act or under a Certificate, the Recovery and Application whereof are not otherwise provided for, shall be recovered and applied as Penalties under The

Power to Board of Trade to reject Application.

Nothing to exempt Railways from Operation of General Acts.

Certificate under this and Railways Construction Act.

Approval by Members of Company required, as under Standing Orders.

Power for Board of Trade to amend or revoke Certificate.

Power to correct Error.

Proof of Certificate.

Copies of Certificate for Sale.

Application of Act to Proprietors of Railways generally.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Case may require, are recoverable and applicable.

Custody of 34. The Act of the Session of the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and the

First Year of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty-three)," to compel Clerks of the Peace and l Vict. c. 83. " other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited

" with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament/' shall apply to Documents required to be deposited by General Rules under this Act.

General Rules 35. The General Rules under this Act shall in the first instance be those set forth in the ^.Schedule, Schedule to this Act; and the Board of Trade may from Time to Time, for the better Amendment* Execution of this Act, make General Rules adding to, altering, or revoking any General Rules for the Time being in force under this Act; but any General Rules so made by the Board of Trade shall not have effect unless and until they are laid before both Houses of Parliament; and if cither House of Parliament, within Six Weeks after the same are laid before that House, thinks fit to resolve that the same or any Part thereof ought not to take effect, the same or that Part thereof (as the Case may be) shall not take effect; otherwise all Rules made by the Board of Trade under the present Section shall be of the same Force and Effect as if they had been comprised in the Schedule to this Act.

All General Rules which are to take effect under the present Section shall be published in the London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Gazettes.

Annual Report 36. Not later than the First Day of July in each Year the Board of Trade shall lay before b ^oanTof1 ^oth Efouses of Parliament n Report respecting the Applications to and Proceedings of the Trade!* ° Board of Trade under this Act during the Year then last past.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

(i.) — Notice of Opposition.

In the Matter of The Railway Companies' Powers Act, 1864,

and

The Application of the Railway Company for a Certificate

the Draft whereof is intituled [set out Title].

We, the Railway [or Canal] Company, hereby declare and give

Notice that we desire to be heard by Counsel, Agents, and Witnesses against the granting to the above-named Railway Company of the Powers sought to be obtained by them by the above-mentioned Application.

Dated this Day of 18

Witness, A.B.

(ii.) — Form of Certificate of Board of Trade.

The Railway Company.

Certificate of the Board of Trade for the Extension of Time for Sale of superfluous Lands [or as the Case may be].

Whereas the Railway Company have complied with the

Requirements of The Railway Companies' Powers Act, 1864:

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do, by this their Certificate, in pursuance of the said Act,

601

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the Powers thereby in them vested, and of every other Power enabling them in this Behalf certify as follows:

[Here are to follow the Pi'ovisions of the Certificate showing the Powers conferred and the Terms and Conditions (if any) imposed.']

(Signed) C.D.

The Board of Trade, Secretary to the Board of Trade.

Whitehall.

Dated this Day of

(iii.) — General Rules.

Form of Application.

1. The Application to the Board of Trade for a Certificate is to be made by a Memorial in Writing under the Common Seal of the Company, lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade.

2. Together with the Memorial the Company are to lodge a printed Draft of the Certificate as proposed by the Company.

Advertisements as to Application.

3. Notice of the Application to the Board of Trade is to be given by Advertisement published as follows; namely.

In every Case, once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper of the County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, wherein the Head Office of the Promoters is situate:

In the Case referred to in the foregoing Act as the first-mentioned Case, once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper of each County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, wherein the Head Office of any Railway Company with whom the Promoters propose to enter into an Agreement is situate:

If in any Case there is not any such Newspaper as herein-before described, then in like Manner in a Newspaper of some adjoining or neighbouring County:

In every Case where One Company only is proposed to be empowered, then in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as the Head Office of the Company is situate in England, Scotland, or Ireland:

In every Case where Two or more Companies are proposed to be empowered, then in One or more of the Gazettes, according as the several Head Offices of the Company respectively are situate in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively.

4. The Advertisements are to be published either id the Month of June or in the Month of November, and not at any other Time.

5. Each Advertisement is to give the Address of an Office in London where Copies of the Draft Certificate will be supplied as herein-after directed.

6. Each Advertisement is to state that all Persons desirous of making to the Board of Trade any Representation, or of bringing before them any Objection, respecting the Application, may do so by Letter addressed to the Secretary of the Board of Trade on or before the First Day of August or First Day of January next succeeding the Date of the Advertisement, according as the same is published in the Month of June or in the Month of November.

7. Within One Week after the Publication of the latest Advertisement a Copy of each of the Newspapers and Gazettes containing the several Advertisements is to be lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade.

Notice to Landowners.

8. In the Case referred to in the foregoing Act as the secondly-mentioned Case the Promoters, in the Month of June or in the Month of November (as the Case may be) in which the Advertisements are published, are to serve Notice of the Application on the Owners of Lands adjoining to the Lands to which the Application relates.

27 & 28 Vict. 4 H Notice

602

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 120, 121.

Notice of Opposition.

9. Notice of Opposition by a Railway or Canal Company is to be lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade, not later than the First Day of August or First Day of January next succeeding the Date of the Advertisement of Application, according as the same is published in the Month of June or in the Month of November.

Notice of Settlement of Draft Certificate.

10. On the Draft Certificate being settled by the Board of Trade the Promoters are to serve a Copy thereof, with a Notice that the Draft has been settled by the Board of Trade, on every Company, Body, or Person by whom any Representation or Objection respecting the Application was made to or brought before the Board of Trade, and are also to give by Advertisement or otherwise such public or other Notice (if any) thereof as according to the Circumstances of the Case the Board of Trade direct.

Supply of Copies of Draft Certificate.

11. From the Time of the Publication of the first Advertisement the Promoters are to keep in the Office mentioned in this Behalf in the Advertisement a sufficient Number of Copies of the Draft of the Certificate as proposed by them, and are to furnish their Copies to all Persons applying for them at the Price of not more than Sixpence each.

12. From the Time of the Settlement of the Draft Certificate by the Board of Trade the Promoters are to keep in the Office aforesaid Copies of the Draft supplied to them for that Purpose by the Board of Trade, and are to furnish there Copies thereof to all Persons applying for them at such Price (if any) as the Board of Trade from Time to Time direct

Printing of Certificate.

13. Copies of the Certificate printed by the Printers of a Gazette are to be printed on

ordinary White Folio Paper, similar in Size to the Paper on which the Public General Acts of Parliament are printed for public Sale, '

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to facilitate in certain Cases the obtaining of Powers for the Construction of Railways.

[29th July 1864.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate the making of Branch and other Lines of Railway, and Deviations of existing Railways, and of Railways in course of Construction, and also the Execution of new Works connected with or for the Purposes of existing Railways:

And whereas the Object aforesaid would be promoted if, where all Landowners and other Parties beneficially interested are consenting to the making of a Railway or the Execution of a Work, the Persons desirous of making or executing the same were enabled to obtain Power to do so, on complying with the Conditions of a General Act of Parliament, without being obliged to procure a Special Act

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864.

2. In this Act —

The Term " Lands v includes any Estate, Right, or Interest in Lands:

The Term "the Promoters" means in each Case the Company or Persons intending to apply to the Board of Trade for such a Certificate as is herein-after provided for, and,

after

603

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

after the Application is made, the Company or Persons actually making the Application, as the Case may require:

The Term "the Railway" means in each Case the Railway and Works intended by the Promoters before the issuing of the Certificate, and, after the issuing thereof, the Railway and Works therein comprised, as the Case may require:

The Term " the Lands Clauses Acts " means, so far as the Enactment in which that Term is used relates to England, or to a Certificate to be operative in England, The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and, so far as the same relates to Scotland, or to a Certificate to be operative in Scotland\ The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; together with, in each Case, The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860; and so far as the same relates to Ireland, or to a Certificate to be operative in Ireland, The Railways Act, (Ireland) 1851, together with Acts incorporated in or amending that Act:

The Term "the Companies Clauses Acts" means, so far as the Enactment in which that Term is used relates to England or Ireland, or, to a Certificate to be operative in England or Ireland, The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and, so far as the same relates to Scotland, or to a Certificate to be operative in Scotland, The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; together with, in each Case, The Companies Clauses Act, 1863:

The Term " the Railways Clauses Acts" means, so far as the Enactment in which that Term is used relates to England or Ireland, or to a Certificate to be operative in England or Ireland, The Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and, so far as the same relates to Scotland, or to a Certificate to be operative in Scotland, The Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; together with, in each Case, The Railways Clauses Act, 1863:

The Term " Railway Bill" means a Bill pending in or intended to be introduced into either House of Parliament, having for its Object or One of its Objects to authorize the making of a Railway:

The Term " the Board of Trade" means the Lords of the Committee for the Time being of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations.

Contracts for Lands.

3. Where Promoters of a Railway intend to apply, under this Act, for Authority to make the Railway, they and all Parties seised or possessed of or entitled to Lands required for the Railway shall, in order to the Purchase or taking and Sale of those Lands for the Railway, have all such Powers and Capacities as, in order to the Purchase or taking and Sale of Lands required for an Undertaking authorized by a Special Act of Parliament, are conferred by the Lands Clauses Acts on the Promoters of the Undertaking so authorized and on Parties seised or possessed of or entitled to Lands, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in Lands, required for that Undertaking; all which Powers and Capacities shall be enjoyed and may be exercised by the Promoters, and by all such Parties as aforesaid, as fully and effectually in all respects as if the Promoters had obtained a Special Act incorporating the Lands Clauses Acts, and authorizing them to make the Railway, and to purchase or take the Lands required for the same; subject, nevertheless, to the following Restrictions and Provisions; namely,

(1.) Nothing herein shall confer on the Promoters and Parties aforesaid any of the Powers or Capacities conferred by the Part of the Lands Clauses Acts with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, or by the Part of those Acts with respect to the Entry upon Lands by the Promoters of the Undertaking, or by such Provisions of those Acts as provide for the Determination or Ascertainment of the Amount of any Purchase or Compensation Money, or the Settlement of any Apportionment or other Matter, otherwise than by. Agreement, (except only as to such of those Provisions as provide for the Determination of the Amount of Compensation to be paid for Enfranchisement of Copyholds; and for the Purposes of the present Section, Section 96 of the Lands

4H2 Clauses

Power for Promoters of Railway and all Persons interested in Land to enter into Provisional Contracts for Land required.

G31

Contracts for Sale of Lands belonging to the Crown or Duchy of Lancaster or Cornwall.

User of or Interference with Public or Turnpike lloads.

After Land contracted for, Power for Promoters to apply for Certificate, publish Notices, &c.

Consideration of Application by Board of Trade.

Board of Trade to consider all Representations and Objections.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, relating to the Enfranchisement of Copyholds, shall be read and have effect as if the Limitation of Time therein contained were omitted therefrom):

(2.) Any Party under Disability or Incapacity, and not having Power to Sell and convey or release any Lands, except under the Lands Clauses Acta, ns applied by the present Section, shall have Capacity only to contract with the Promoters for the Sale of those Lands, and shall not (before such a Certificate of the Board of Trade, as is herein-after provided for, comes into operation) have Capacity, further or otherwise than if this Act had not been passed, to carry the Contract into execution, or in pursuance thereof to convey or deliver Possession of, or release those Lands:

(3.) The Promoters (before such a Certificate as aforesaid comes into operation) shall be empowered by this Act only to contract for Lands, and they shall not have Capacity, further or otherwise than if this Act had not been passed, to take or hold Lands *

4. Where Lands required for the Railway belong to or are enjoyed by Her Majesty the Queen, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, or form Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster or of the Duchy of Cornwall, any Contract for the Purposes of this Act may. be entered into in respect of those Lands, as follows; namely,

In the first-mentioned Case, by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and . Land Revenues, or One of them, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury;

In the secondly-mentioned Case, by the Chancellor of the Duchy by Writing under his Hand attested by the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy;

In the thirdly-mentioned Case, by the Duke of Cornwall or other the Persons for the Time being empowered to dispose for any Purpose of Lands of the Duchy.

5. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, it shall not be necessary for the Promoters, before applying under this Act for Authority to make the Railway, to enter into any Contract with respect to any Part of a Turnpike Road or public Highway intended to be taken or used, or to be diverted or otherwise interfered with, for the Purposes of the Railway; but the Board of Trade before they settle a Draft of such a Certificate as herein-after provided for, shall be satisfied that due Provision is made for the Interests of the Trustees or other Persons having the Management of every such Road or Highway, and for the Safety and Convenience of the Public in relation thereto.

Application for Certificate.

6. When the Promoters have contracted for the Purchase of all the Lands required for the Railway, and are desirous of obtaining a Certificate under this Act, they shall proceed as follows; namely,

(1.) They shall apply to the Board of Trade for a Certificate under this Act:

(2.) They shall deposit Maps, Plans, Sections, and Books of Reference, and an Estimate of the Expense of the Construction of the Railway, and lodge a Draft of the Certificate as preposed by them, according to the General Rules under this ' Act:

(3.) They shall publish Notice of the Application according to such General Rules.

7. As soon as conveniently may be after the Time for Completion of the required Deposit and Notice the Board of Trade shall proceed to inquire in such Manner and to such Extent as shall appear to them sufficient, whether the Promoters have contracted for the Purchase of all the Lands required for the Railway, and to inquire whether the Promoters have complied with the Requirements of the General Rules respecting Deposit and Notice.

8. The Board of Trade, before setlling the Draft of a Certificate, shall take into consideration any Representation made to them, and shall duly inquire into the Merits of any Objection brought before them, respecting the Application.

605

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Opposition of Railway or Canal Company to Undertaking.

9. If in any Case any Railway or Canal Company desire to be heard by Council, Agents, and Witnesses against the proposed Undertaking, and (within such Time as is prescribed by General Rules under this Act) lodge at the Office of the Board of Trade a Notice in Writing to that Effect (herein after referred to as a Notice of Opposition) in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act (with such Variations as Circumstances require), in that Case the Board of Trade, if the Railway or Canal Company lodging the Notice would be affected in any way by the proposed Undertaking, shall not proceed on the Application of the Promoters;

10. Where the Board of Trade do not proceed on the Application, they shall, not later in any Year than the Fifteenth Day of February, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within Seven Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament a Copy of the Draft Certificate lodged by the Promoters and of the Notice of Opposition; and the Promoters shall be at liberty to seek by way of Bill in the same Session, in such Manner and on such Conditions as the Houses of Parliament respectively by Standing Order or otherwise from Time to Time direct, such Powers as were sought by them by way of Certificate.

Settlement of Draft Certificate.

11. Where the Board of Trade proceed on the Application, then on being satisfied that the Promoters have contracted for the Purchase of all the Lands required for the Railway, and have complied with the Requirements of the General Rules respecting Deposit and Notice, they may, if they think fit, settle a Draft of a Certificate certifying to the Effect that the Company, or Persons therein specified, are authorized to make the Railway therein described.

12. The Board of Trade may (subject to the Provisions of this Act) insert in the Draft Certificate such Provisions as they, according to the Circumstances of the Case, deem necessary or proper for better effectuating the Purposes of the Certificate; and the same shall be deemed to all Intents Part of the Certificate.

13. The Certificate may be in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, with such Provisions as aforesaid.

Submission of Draft Certificate to Houses of Parliament.

14. The Board of Trade shall lay the Draft Certificate settled by them before both Houses of Parliament, within Seven Days after the same is settled, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within Seven Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, but not later in any Year than the First Day of June.

15. On the Draft Certificate being settled the Promoters shall give Notice thereof according to General Rules under this Act.

16. If either House of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Draft of a Certificate settled by the Board of Trade is laid before that House, resolves that the Certificate ought not to be made, the same shall not be further proceeded with; and in that Case all Contracts for the Purchase or taking of Lands for the Purposes of the Undertaking shall cease to be binding on either Party.

Issue, Publication, and Effect of Certificate.

17. If neither House of Parliament within the Period aforesaid thinks fit to resolve that the Certificate ought not to be made, then as soon as the Period of Six Weeks after the laying of the Draft Certificate before both Houses of Parliament has expired, the Board of Trade may make and issue a Certificate in conformity with such Draft.

18. The Certificate shall be published in the London or Edinburgh or Dublin Gazette respectively, if the Railway will be situate wholly in England or Scotland, or in Ireland; and shall be published both in the London and in the Edinburgh Gazette, if the Railway will be situate partly in England and partly in Scotland.

On Railway or

Canal Company affected giving Notice of Opposition, Proceedings before Board of Trade to ceaae.

Further Proceedings to be in Parliament.

Power to Board of Trade to settle Certificate.

Insertion of Conditions in Certificate.

Form of Certificate.

Draft Certificate to be laid before Houses of Parliament.

Notice thereof to be given.

If either House resolve that Certificate ought not to be made, it shall not be proceeded with.

If neither House resolve that Certificate ought not to be made, Board of Trade may issue the same.

Publication of Certificate in Gazette.

Operation of Certificate as Special Act.

Judicial Notice of Certificate.

Interpretation of Certificate.

Cesser of Powers at Expiration of prescribed Time.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts in Certificate, except Provisions giving compulsory Powers, &c.

In what Cases Company shall be incorporated.

In others Company may be incorporated.

Power for Board of Trade to incorporate Company by Certificate.

Incorporation of Companies Clauses Acts.

Restriction as to Issue of Shares.

Restrictions on Company as to borrowing, &c.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

19. As from the Time (not being prior to such Publication) in the Certificate prescribed, and if none is prescribed then as from the Time of such Publication, the Certificate shall have the same Force and Operation, and shall be as absolutely valid and conclusive to all Intents, as if the Contents thereof (taken in conjunction with this Act) had been expressly enacted by Parliament; and the Validity of the Certificate shall not be impeached on account of any alleged Informality in any Court or elsewhere.

20. The Certificate shall be judicially noticed without being specially pleaded.

21. Terms used in the Certificate shall have the same Meanings as they have when used in this Act.

Duration of Powers under Certificate.

22. If the Company, or Persons by the Certificate empowered to make the Railway, do not within Five Years from the Commencement of the Operation of the Certificate, or within any shorter Period prescribed therein, complete the Railway and open it for public Traffic, then (subject to any Provisions and Qualifications in the Certificate contained) all the Powers and Authorities given by the Certificate shall, from and after the Expiration of the Time aforesaid, cease, except as to so much of the Railway as is then completed.

Lands.

23. The Lands Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with the Certificate (which shall for this Purpose be deemed the Special Act) except as may be therein excepted, and except as to the following Provisions; namely,

(1.) With respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement:

(2.) With respect to the Entry upon Lands by the Promoters of the Undertaking:

(3.) So much of those Acts as provides for the Determination or Ascertainment of the Amount of any Purchase or Compensation Money, or the Settlement, of any Apportionment or other Matter, otherwise than by Agreement (but excluding from this Exception so much of those Acts as provides for the Determination of the Amount of Compensation to be paid for Enfranchisement of Copyholds).

Incorporation of Company.

24. Where the Promoters are not a Company incorporated by Special Act, or by previous Certificate under this Act, and are Seven or more in Number, a Company shall be incorporated by the Certificate, for the Purposes thereof.

25. Where the Promoters are not a Company incorporated by Special Act, or by previous Certificate under this Act, and are less than Seven in Number, a Company may be incorporated by the Certificate for the Purposes thereof, if the Promoters so desire.

26. Where the Certificate incorporates a Company, it shall contain proper Provisions with apt Terms for creating a Body Corporate, by an appropriate Name, with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and with Power to take, hold, and dispose of Lands and other Property, for the Purposes and subject to the Restrictions of the Certificate, and may confer on the Company Power to borrow on Mortgage, and all other usual or proper Powers.

27. In every such Case, the Companies Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with the Certificate (which shall be deemed the Special Act).

28. It shall not be lawful for any Company empowered by a Certificate under this Act to issue any Share created under the Authority of the Certificate, nor shall any such Share vest in the Person accepting the same, unless and until a Sum not being less than One Fifth Part of the Amount of such Share is paid up in respect thereof.

29. Every Company, whether incorporated by Special Act or by Certificate, empowered by a Certificate to borrow Money, shall, as regards the Money so authorized to be borrowed, be subject to the following Restrictions; namely,

(1.) They shall not exercise the said Powers of borrowing any Money until the whole of the Share Capital authorized by the Certificate is subscribed for or taken, and

607

27° & 28° VICTORIA, c. 121.

until One Half thereof is actually paid up, and until they prove to the Justice who is to certify under Section 40. of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or (in Scotland) to the Sheriff who is to certify under Section 42. of The Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Case may be, before he so certifies, that Shares for the whole of the Capital are issued and accepted, and that not less than One Fifth Part of the Amount of each separate Share has been paid up on account thereof before or at the Time of the Issue or Acceptance thereof, and that all such Shares were taken in good Faith, and are held by the Subscribers or their Assigns, those Subscribers or their Assigns being legally liable for the same (of which Matters the Certificate of the Justice or Sheriff shall be sufficient Evidence):

(2.) They shall not borrow a larger Sum in the whole than One Third of the Amount of the Share Capital authorized by the Certificate:

(3.) They shall not out of Money raised under the Certificate by Calls or borrowing pay Interest or Dividend to a Shareholder on the Amount of Calls made on his Shares, whether created tinder the Certificate or otherwise; (but this Provision shall not prevent them paying to a Shareholder under the Certificate such Interest on Money advanced by him beyond the Amount of Calls actually made, as is allowed by the Companies Clauses Acts):

(4.) They shall not out of Money so raised pay or deposit any Money that may be required to be paid or deposited in relation to any Application to Parliament or the Board of Trade:

(5.) They shall apply every Part of the Money so raised only for Purposes for which it is by the Certificate authorized to be applied.

30. Contracts relative to the Purchase or taking of Lands for the Railway, entered into by the Promoters before the Incorporation of the Company by the Certificate, shall be as binding on the Company as if they had been entered into by the Company.

Construction of Railway.

3L The Railways Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with the Certificate (which shall be deemed the Special Act), except as may be therein excepted, and except as to the following Provisions; namely,

(1.) Such of the Provisions with respect to the Construction of the Railway and the Works connected therewith as relate to the Correction of Errors and Omissions in Plans or to Plans and Sections of Alterations:

(2.) With respect to the temporary Occupation of Lands near the Railway during the Construction thereof:

(3.) With respect to leasing the Railway: and subject to the following Provisions; namely,

(1.) Nothing herein shall confer Power for the taking or using of Lands for Deviation or for any other Purpose, otherwise than by Agreement:

(2.) Any Provision referring to the Datum Line described in the Section approved of by Parliament shall be read as referring to the Datum Line described in the Section approved of by the Board of Trade.

32. Where the Promoters desire to make any Alteration in the deposited Plan or Section, they may do so with the Consent of the Board of Trade; but the Board of Trade shall not settle a Draft of a Certificate without being satisfied that all Parties interested in Lands liable to be affected by or in consequence of the Alteration consent thereto.

33. Every Railway made under this Act in England or Scotland shall be made on the Gauge of Four Feet Eight Inches and Half an Inch, unless in any Case , the Certificate prescribes the making of the Railway on the Gauge of Seven Feet or on both those Gauges.

Every Railway made under this Act in Ireland shall be made on the Gauge of Five Feet Three Inches.

Provisions to secure Completion of Railway.

34. After the Certificate is ready to be issued, and before the same is issued, by the Board of Trade, the Promoters, unless they are a previously existing Company possessed of a

Railway

Contracts by Promoters binding on Company.

Incorporation of Railways Clauses Acts in Certificate, except as to compulsory Powers, &c.

Restriction on Alterations of Plan or Section.

Provision

respecting

Gauge.

Promoters to deposit Eight per Cent, on

Estimate in Court of Chancery, &e.

Warrant of Board of Trade for Payment into Court.

Liberty for Promoters to bring Itf Exchequer ' Bills, &c.

- f .-'ft'; '-i

Provision for' Vacations Iti ()ffices of Courts.

Po#«0 far i ' Court to:direct Investment) >

Interpretation of "Deposit iTund" and " Depositors '* in following Provisions.

Jl. payment of D« posit on Completion of Kn lway or on Terms.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Railway open for public Traffic, shall, within such Time as General Rules under this Act direct, pay as a Deposit a Sum of Money not less than Eight per Centum on the Amount of their Estimate of the Expense of the Construction of the Railway, as follows; namely,

Where the Railway or any Part thereof will be situate in England, — into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in England:

Where the Railway will be situate wholly in Scotland, — either into the Bank of England

vm manner aforesaid, or (at the Option of the Promoters) into a Bank in Scotland established by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, in the Name and with the Privity of the Queen's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland:

Where the Railway will be situate in Ireland, — into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

35. The Board of^Trade may issue their Warrant to the Promoters for such Payment into Court, which Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority for the Persons therein named, or the Majority or Survivors of them, to pay the Money therein mentioned into the Bank therein n>ei>tioqe^ in tlje; Nanie and with the Privity of the Officer therein mentioned, and for that Officer to ^celve the same, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Railway therein mentioned, ac-Qorclih" io the Met nod (prescribed by Statute, or General Rules or Orders of Court, or otherwise), for tl'ib Time being in force respecting the Payment of Money into the

respectively, juuf without Fee or Reward.

36. Provided, itoakin lieu, wholly; or in part, of the Payment of Money, the Promoters

uyiy bring into Court as a Deposit an equivalent Sum of Bank Annuities, or of any Stocks, funds, dr Securities on which Cash under the Control of the respective Court is for the Time being permitted to be invested, or of Exchequer Bills, (the Value thereof being taken at the Price at which the Promoters originally purchased the same, as appearing by the Broker^ Gertifieateidf that P^eWse); and in tjiat Case the Board of Trade shall vary their Watoran# accordingly; ?;

, *37! j^j/any' Time tyhdh the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in England or Ireland is closed, a Deposit under this Act may nevertheless be made, in such Manner as General Orders of the respective Courts authorize and direct.

39. Where Money is So paid into the Court of "Chancery in England or Ireland, the Coprt may, on the Application of the Persons named in the Warrant of the Board of Trade, or of the Majority or Survivors of them, order that the same be invested in such Stocks, Funds, or Securities as the Applicants'desire and the Court thinks fit.

39. In the subsequent Provisions of this Act, the Term "the Deposit Fund" means the Money deposited, or the Stocks, Fnnds, or Securities in which the same is invested, or the Bank Annuities, Stocks, Funds, Securities, or Exchequer Bills deposited, as the Case may be; and the Term the Depositors" means the Persons named in the Warrant of the Board of Trade authorizing the Deposit, or the Majority or Survivors of those Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

40. The Court in which the Deposit is made shall, on the Application of the Depositors, order the Deposit Fund to be paid, transferred, or delivered out to the Applicants, or as they direct, in any of the following Events; namely,

(1.) If, within the Time in the Certificate prescribed, and if none is prescribed, then within Five Years from the Commencement of the Operation of the Certificate, the Company, or Persons thereby empowered to make the Railway, complete it and open it for public Traffic; or (2.) If, within the same Time, they (being a Company) prove to the Satisfaction of the Board of Trade that One Half of their nominal Capital authorized by the Certificate is paid up, and that they have expended a like Amount for the Purposes of the Certificate; or

(3.) If, at any Time after the issuing of the Certificate, they execute and deliver to the Solicitor of Her Majesty's Treasury a Bond with a Surety or Sureties (such Bond being prepared to the Satisfaction of, and such Surety or Sureties being approved

609

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

by, the scud Solicitor) in a penal Sum of Twice the Amount of the Money required to be deposited, conditioned to the Effect following, namely, -for Payment to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of the Amount of the Money required to be deposited, if the Company or Persons empowered by the Certificate do not, within the Time aforesaid, either complete the Railway and open it for public Traffic, or (being a Company) give such Proof as aforesaid respecting their Capital and Expenditure *

41. If the Company, or Persons empowered by the Certificate to make the Railway do not, within the Time in the Certificate prescribed, and if none is prescribed, then within Five Years from the Commencement of the Operation of the Certificate, do one or other of the following Things, namely, —

(1.) complete the Railway and open it for public Traffic; or

(2.) give (being a Company) such Proof os herein-before mentioned respecting their Capitol and Expenditure; or

(3.) execute and deliver such a Bond as is herein-before described, — then and in every such Case the Deposit Fund shall, from and after the Expiration of the Time aforesaid, be forfeited to Her Majesty, and shall accordingly be paid, transferred, or delivered out to or for the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, in such Manner as the Court in which the Deposit is made thinks fit to order^ on the Application of the Solicitor of Her Majesty's Treasury, on Notice to such Parties (if any) as the Court thinks fit; and the Deposit Fund, when so paid, transferred, or delivered, or the Proceeds thereof, shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

42. Where any such Bond as aforesaid is given, the Amount recovered thereon shall be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be carried to and form Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

43. The Depositors shall be entitled to receive Payment of the Interest or Dividends from Time to Time accruing on the Deposit Fund while in Court; and the Court in which the Deposit is made may from Time to Time, on the Application of the Depositors, make such Order as seems fit respecting the Payment of the Interest or Dividends accordingly.

44. The Certificate of the Board of Trade that such Proof as aforesaid respecting the Capital and Expenditure of any Company has been given to the Satisfaction of the Board of Trade, and the Certificate of the Solicitor of Her Majesty's Treasury that such Bond as aforesaid has in any Case been prepared, executed, and delivered to his Satisfaction, shall respectively be sufficient Evidence of the Matters therein certified.

45. The issuing in any Case of any Warrant or Certificate relating to Deposit or to the Deposit Fund, or any Error in any such Warrant or Certificate or in relation thereto, shall not make the Board of Trade, or the Person signing the Warrant or Certificate on their Behalf, in any Manner liable for or in respect of the Deposit Fund, or the Interest of or Dividends on the same, or any Part thereof respectively.

46. Any Application under this Act to the Court of Chancery in England or Ireland shall be made in a summary Way in such Manner as General Orders of those Courts respectively direct.

47. The Lord Chancellor of Great Britain with the Advice and Assistance of the Lords Justices of the Court of Appeal in Chancery and the Master of the Rolls and the Vice-Chancellors, or any Two of those Judges, and the Lord Chancellor of Ireland with the Advice and Assistance of the Lord Justice of the Court of Appeal in Chancery in Ireland and of the Master of the Rulls in Ireland, may respectively from Time to Time make such General Orders as seem fit for the Regulation of the Practice under this Act of the Court of Chancery in England and Ireland respectively.

48. Where a Certificate is obtained by a previously existing Company possessed of a Railway open for public Traffic, then, if the Company fail to complete the Railway and open it for public Traffic within the Time in the Certificate prescribed, and if none is

27 & 28 VICT. 4 I prescribed.

Forfeiture of Deposit on Non-completion of Railway, &c.

Application of Money recovered on Bond.

Depositors to receive Dividends accruing while Fund in Court.

Proof as to Capital and Expenditure, Execution of Bond, &c.

Protection to Board of Trade in case of Error, Ac.

Mode of Application to Courts.

Power for Courts to make General Orders.

Penalty on Company failing to open new Railway in certain Cases.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

prescribed, then within Five Years from the Commencement of the Operation of the Certificate, the Company shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than Twenty Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds for every Day during which such Failure continues, except only in respect of any Time during which it appears from a Certificate of the Board of Trade that the Company were prevented from completing the Railway or opening it for public Traffic by unforeseen Accident or Circumstances beyond their Control, but the Want of sufficient Funds shall not be deemed a Circumstance beyond their Control within the . Meaning of this Provision.

Tolls and Charges for Use of Railway.

Tolls, &c. in 49. The Proprietors of the Railway may demand and take, in respect of the Railway, Schedule. Tolls and Charges not exceeding the Sums specified in the Schedule to th; s Act, subject and according to the Regulations therein specified.

Power for 50. The Board of Trade may nevertheless by the Certificate vary the Tolls and Charges

°TIuade an(^ egu^a^on8 specified in the Schedule to this Act, or any of them, if in any Case it See7 ° 89 eeras to them necessary or proper, under the Circumstances, to do so.

610

Enactments in Schedule applied to the Railway and Company, subject to Variations.

Application of General Railway Acts.

51. The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act, and any Enactments amending, perpetuating, or otherwise affecting any of them, so far as the same are in force at the passing of this Act, shall extend and apply, as the Case may require, to the Railway, and to the Company or Persons empowered by the Certificate to make the Railway, and shall in all respects operate in relation thereto respectively as if they were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, subject, nevertheless, and according to the following Variations and Provisions; namely,

(1.) For the Purposes and within the Meaning of any of those Enactments, the Railway shall be deemed to be a Railway made and constructed and carried on under the Authority of Parliament and under the Powers and Provisions of an Act of Parliament, and the Certificate (taken in conjunction with this Act) shall be deemed to be a Special Act of Parliament regulating or relating to the Railway, or the Company, Body, or Persons empowered to make the same (as the Case may require):

(2.) Such of those Enactments as refer to the Time of the passing of an Act of Parliament for the Construction of a Railway, or to the last Day of the Session in which such an Act is passed, shall respectively be read and have effect as referring to the Time of the Commencement of the Operation of the Certificate:

(3.) The Terms " Company " and c< Railway Company " used in any of those Enactments shall respectively include any Persons empowered by the Certificate to make the Railway:

(4.) Such of those Enactments as refer to the Directors, or any Director, or the Secretary, Chief or other Clerk, Accountant, Treasurer, or ether Officer of a Company, shall extend and apply to every or any One of the Persons (not being a Company), empowered by the Certificate to make the Railway:

(5.) Such of those Enactments as refer to a Writing under the Common Seal of the Company shall be read and have effect as referring to a Writing under the Hand and Seal of any One of such Persons, as aforesaid:

(6.) Such of those Enactments as impose any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any pecuniary Liability or any Obligation, on a Company, or give any Right, Remedy, or Process against a Company, shall be read and have effect (so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Case admit) as imposing a like Penalty, Forfeiture, Liability, or Obligation on, or as giving a like Right, Remedy, or Process against, every or any One of such Persons, as aforesaid, but not so as to authorize the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture from, or the Enforcement of any pecuniary Liability against, more than One of such Persons in respect of the same Offence, Matter, or Thing:

(7.) The Amount of any Compensation to be made to the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands for Loss or Injury or Inconvenience sustained by them respectively by

611

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

reason of any Works done under the Authority of any of those Enactments shall, in case of Dispute, be settled in manner directed by the Lands Clauses Acts and the Railways Clauses Acts as respectively applicable to the Case:

(8.) Such of those Enactments as provide for the Case of the Board of Trade certifying that the Public Safety requires additional Land to be taken by a Company for the Purpose of giving increased Width to the Embankments or Inclination to the Slopes of the Railway, or for making Approaches to Bridges or Archways, or for doing Works for the Repair or Prevention of Accidents or Slips happening or apprehended to the Cuttings, Embankments, or other Works of the Railway, shall be read and have effect, as regards such Portions of Land as are mentioned in any Certificate so given by the Board of Trade, as if compulsory Powers of purchasing and taking Lands had been contained in the Certificate under this Act authorizing the making of the Railway, and the Provisions of the Lands Clauses Acts and the Railways Clauses Acts relative to the compulsory Purchase or taking of Land had been incorporated with that Certificate:

(9.) If the Railway is in any respect constructed contrary to the Provisions of the Certificate, or of this Act, it shall be deemed to be constructed contrary to the Provisions of any of those Enactments applicable in the Case:

(10.) Nothing herein shall extend or make applicable, for the Purposes of this Act, to or in any one of the Parts of the United Kingdom, any of those Enactments not in force there independently of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

52. Nothing in this Act shall make it obligatory on the Board of Trade to settle a Draft of a Certificate in any Case if it appears to the Board of Trade for any Reason that the Application of the Promoters should not be complied with; and in case the Board of Trade reject any Application, all Contracts for the Purchase or taking, of Lands for the Purposes of the Undertaking shall cease to be binding on either Party.

53. Nothing in the Certificate shall exempt the Railway, or the Company, or persons to whom it belongs, from the Provisions of any General Act of Parliament relating to Railways, or to the better Audit of the Accounts of Railway Companies, passed before or after the issuing of the Certificate^ or from any Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the maximum Tolls and Charges allowed to be taken under the Certificate.

54. All the Provisions of this Act which relate to the making of a Railway shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to the making or executing of any Work connected with or for the Purposes of a Railway (as distinguished from the Construction of a Railway). 1

55. Subject and according to the Provisions of this Act, the Board of Trade pay, on a joint Application or on Two or more separate Applications, issue a Certificate empowering Two or more Companies, or Persons, respectively, to jointly make or execute the whole, or to separately make or execute Parts, of a Work connected with or for the Purposes of a Railway, and to jointly or separately use the whole or Parts thereof; and all the Provisions of this Act which relate to the making of a Railway, or the making or executing of a Work, shall extend and apply to the making or executing of the whole and the separate Parts of such Work as last aforesaid; and the Form of the Certificate may be adapted to the Circumstances of the Case.

56. Where the Certificate is obtained by a previously existing Company incorporated by Special Act or by Certificate, the Certificate may authorize the Company to raise, as Capital, for the Purposes of the Certificate, such additional Sum of Money as therein limited, by the Issue of new Shares or new Stock, either Ordinary or Preference, or partly Ordinary and partly Preference, or partly in that Mode and partly by borrowing on Mortgage, at the Option of the Company, or as may be prescribed in the Certificate, and with Power to create and issue Debenture Stock.

In every such Case the Companies Clauses Acts shall be incorporated with the Certificate.

In every such Case the Restrictions by this Act imposed on a Company when originally incorporated by Certificate, with respect to the Exercise of their Borrowing Power and to

Board of Trade may reject the Application.

Saving for General Acts, or Revision of Charges.

New Works in connexion with Railway.

Power to authorise joint Work.

Power to Promoters, being a Company, to raise additional Capital.

Where Promoters are a Company, Approval of Application by a Meeting.

Power to Board of Trade to amend or re-, voke Certificate.

Power to correct Error.

Proof of Certificate.

Copies of Cer-v.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

the Application of Money raised under th^(jertifitd or harrowing, shall extend

and apply to such previously existing Company Capital.

57. Where the Certificate is obtained by a previously existing Company incorporated by Special Act or by Certificate, it shall be the Duty of the Board of Trade not to settle a Draft of the b^pg fsajt^fri Company have

approved of the Application to the Board of T'^e/ipli^e^Manner as, under the Standing Orders of either House of P^Kambbt for tB& "Time1 being in force, their Approval of a Bail way Bill would be required to be Jgttewh»itbeJsame Case.

rJoA C''*iJiIr noiloinJino)-vlT

58. Subject and according to the R&tarictions and Provisions of this Act, the Board of Trade, on the Application/ttf/bny Company or Persons ei%g^vp$i by a Certificate, may

tfi&noTSgie Timfc atne^tead*^r^i^ca }frevi0U8 Certified, and may

'by-'Gertifiorfteaoivoketa th*mjcO \d Im-.-n >? o nwi S.V- >,

59. If in any Case it is made to appear , to the Board of, Traces tfia i any been

committed in a Certificate or in relation thereto, the Boird of l^de may^hject and ac0ording\to the Restrictions and Provisions of this Act, on the Application of any Company, B^dy, dr person affected by the Error, and on Notice to the Company or Persons empowered byth eJCfertificate, correct the Error by a further Certificate.

00. A Copy of th^ Gaiety containing a Certificate or a

Copy of a Certificate* purporting to be printed by the Printers qfjthe London, Edinburgh, or

tEvjcfegep of? :th ^, C^ftjfeate* and of the due Publication thereof, without any Proof of the Gazette, or withoi^flpy, Proof of the Copy having been in fact so printed, as the Case may be. T, - , r|j ei/JlU^u

oippftpy ora Cer^cate(ptiatt. a^a^m

tificate for Sale. Head Office Copies of the Certificate printed fey ttie Pn^tejrs ', o£the

«: r, ^e. ea^e>w^p in, such Fori»i ^perja Joules !^der Jmb Act

* r # }?§.>oldttf. the same, a^nce no^ ex^ejlip^ pne

Shilling for each Copy. r-f7itiy \ wj. v/j ., fci ' lr V fI

, .?erfiqps fair t^ po^ply with' tills ^C9v%rt''^att', fee, J^We to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and to a further Penalty^ noi ^ceedin^ive Pounds; IV every IJ)ay during which such Failure continues nfyer £he ^i«t|^Pepplty is

r'hsWWMuJl i, iU J* V :i:t tV, r, < fV/

62. Penalties under this Act or under a Certificate, the B*ooa<dry and Applifcftfiofc.whereof

are not otherwise provided for, shall be recovered and applied as Penalties under the Railways Clauses Acts are recoverable And'S^libSble; .

63. The Act of the Session of the S^Vdnlh Year of King William the Fourth and the First Year of Her Majesty, YCHapter Elghty^thtee,) to Ooinpel Cfeiks \>P the Peace and " other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited u with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament," shall apply to Docutnehts required to be deposited by General Rules under this Act.

64. Th e General Buies under this Act shall in the first instance be those set forth in the Schedule to this Act; and the Board of Trade may from Time to Time, for the better Execution of this Act, make General Buies adding to, altering, or revoking any General Buies for the Time being in force under this Act; but any General Buies so made by the Board of Trade shall not have Effect unless and until they are laid before both Houses of Parliament, and if either House of Parliament, within Six Weeks after the same arje laid before that House, thinks fit to resolve that the same or any Part thereof ought npt to take Effect, the same or that Part thereof (as the Case may be) shall not take Effect; 'otherwise all Rules made by the Board of Trade under the present Section shall bq of the same Force and Effect as if they had been comprised in the Schedule to this Act.

All General Buies which are to take Effect under the present Section shall be published in the London, Edinburgh, and Dublin Gazettes.

05. Not

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

As to Custody of Documents under 7W.4.fr 1 Vict c. 83i,

General Rules in Schedule Vl with Power fc* Amendment.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

13

65. Not later than the First Day of July in each Year the Board of Trade shall lay Annual Report before both Houses of Parliament a Report respecting the Applications to and Proceedings 4

of the Board of Trade under this Act during the Year then last past. Trade.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

(i.) — Notice of Opposition. 1

In the matter of The Railways Construction Facilities Act, 1864,

and o /.*' '

The (proposed) Railway. ' q, v i»o »'m *

We, the Railway [or Canal] Company hereby dedarel stidgiic.i Notice

that we desire to be heard by Counsel, Agents, and* Witnesses against the above-mentioned proposed Undertaking.

Dated this Day of, ' 18 1

Witness, A.B,

N '.*'1

(ii.) — Form of Certificate of of \ ytpj A

The" / v ' \ r, A

Certificate of the Board df Trade for* tbViCortato^ the

>n; T 1 i>t: ?c looi I v«u, Un-sUx

Whereas the Promoters of the - v -)f m; r A-

Railway have contracted for the Purchase of the Lands required for the Railway and the Works connected therewith, and <bave co implied' with .Ihelliqliiretadife df The Mil ways' Construction Facilities Act, l^:r "V v<* ' f; u\^\'/ ' H, ° h> 'li '

Now, therefore, the Board of Trade do ^, by ihis theft piiHtfkhcddf the said Act, and by virtue and in exercise of the Powers therebjr ih ihein1 vested^ahd bFdvery other Power enabling them in this Behalf, certify as, follows: , .)^*7

[Here are to follow the Provisions of the Certificate stidiefyg Ihd 1 dc&fhYc(i hnd the

Terms and Conditions (if any) imposed.'} V ' |, jI rUs; ': '

The Board of Trade, ": 1 '(&ghed)' Ct.Dl'" \

Whitehall. Secretary to the Boaid dPTKade.

Dated this Day of . - >. .n- i k*- = v-jb./i;

7r*I?. 'Y'A f VU\K> jOif :/i£l " 1

(iii.) — Tolls and\Cpt#i$«k v i-uvo m n. :-)*>/. :<, W>

TAB^ i k v/. _t'H

Maximum Charges for Use of Railway and Supply of. Carriage fiVagyons>, pr

For use of Railway, per Mile. For Supply of Carriage, Waggon, or Truck by the Proprietors of the Railway, the additional Sum per Mile of

Passengers: — For every Person - Twopence. One Penny.

Animals: — For every Horse, Ass, Mule, or other Beast of Draught or Burden (Class 1.) - Threepence. One Penny.

For every Ox, Cow, Bull, or Head of Neat Cattle (Class 2.) Twopence. One Penny.

For every Calf, Pig, Sheep, Lamb, and other small Animal Three One

(Class 3.) - Farthings. Farthing.

\: i

.'rtr

614

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

For Use of Railway, per Mile. For Supply of Carriage, Waggon, or ] Truck by the Proprietors of the Railway, the additional Sum per mile of

Goods (except as provided for in Table IV.) For Cotton and other Wools, Manufactured Goods, Drugs, Fish, and all other Wares, Merchandise, Articles, Matters, or Things not enumerated in any other Class (Class 4.) per Ton Threepence. One Penny.

For Sugar, Grain, Corn, Flour, Hides, Dye woods, Earthenware, Timber, Staves, Deals, and Metals (except Iron), Nails, Anvils, Vices, Chains, and Light Iron Castings, (Class 5.) per Ton I Twopence Halfpenny. One Penny.

For Coke, Charcoal, Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Rod Iron, Sheet Iron, Hoop Iron, Plates bf Iron, Wrought Iron, Heavy Iron Castings, Railway Chains, Slabs, Billets, and Rolled Iron, Lime, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Salt, Fireclay, and Stone, | Three

(Class 6.) - per Ton 1 Halfpence. One Penny.

For Dung, Compost, Manure, undressed Material for Repair of Public Roads or Highways, Coals, Culm, Cinders, Cannel, Ironstone, Iron Ore, Limestone, Clay (except Five ' One

Fireclay) Chalk, Sand, and Slag, (Class 7.) - per Ton Farthings. Halfpenny.

For every Carriage of whatever Description conveyed on a Truck or Platform belonging to the Proprietors of the Railway (Class 8.): If not weighing more than One Ton - -If weighing more than One Ton then for the first Ton -And for every additional Quarter of a Ton, or fractional Sixpence. Sixpence. Three

Part of a Quarter of a Ton, above the first Ton - Halfpence.

Table II.

Maximum Charges for Supply of Locomotive Power.

For the Use of Engines for propelling Carriages on the Railway, for every

Passenger, Animal, and Ton of Goods - per Mile One Penny.

Table III.

Maximum total Charges for Use of RaHtoay and Supply of Carriages, Waggons, or Trucks, and Supply of Locomotive Power, and every other Expense incidental to Conveyance of Passengers, Animals, or Goods along the Railway.

Passengers: —

For every Person conveyed in a First-class Carriage

, , Second-class,

, , Third-class,

Animals: —

Per Mile.

Threepence. Twopence. Five Farthings.

For every Animal in Class 1., Class 2.

, Class 3.

Goods: —

For every Thing in Class 4., Class 5.

, Class 6.

, Class 7.

For every Carriage in Class 8.

Fourpence. Threepence. -Three Halfpence,

- per Ton

- per Ton

- per Ton

- per Ton

Fourpence. Threepence. Twopence. Three Halfpence.

The Charge specified in Table I.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Table IV.

Maximum Charges for small Packages and single Articles of great Weight.

Small Packages: —

For every Parcel not exceeding Seven Pounds in Weight - - Sixpence.

, exceeding Seven Pounds, but not exceeding Fourteen Pounds, in Weight, - Eightpenoe.

, exceeding Fourteen Pounds but not exceeding

Twenty-eight bounds, in Weight - - One Shilling.

, exceeding Twenty-eight Pounds, but npt exceeding 1 One Shilling

Fifty-six Pounds, in Weight - J & Threepence.

, exceeding Fifty-$ix Pounds, but not exceeding Five

hundred Pounds, in Weight, for the first Fifty-six Pounds - One Shilling.

And for every additional Fifty-six Pounds or fractional Part of Fifty-six. Poinds*)above the first Fifty-six Pounds Sixpence.

Single Articles of great Weight: —

For every Boiler, Cylinder or Single Piece of Machinery, Timber or Stone, or other Single Article:

If weighing (inclusive of the Carriage) more than Four but not more than Eight Tons, Sixpence per Ton per Mile.

If weighing (inclusive of the Carriage) more than Eight Tons, such Sum as the Proprietors of the Railway think fit.

Regulations.

1. For Passengers, Animals, or Goods conveyed on the Railway for a Distance less than Short Distance that prescribed in the Certificate as the Short Distance, and if none is prescribed then for a Charge. Distance less than Six Miles, Charges are to be payable as for the Short Distance prescribed,

and if none is prescribed then os for Six Miles.

2. In respect of Passengers, every Fraction of a Mile beyond an integral Number of Fraction of

Miles is to be deemed a Mile .; Pas"

3. In respect of Animals and Goods, for a Fraction of a Mile beyond the Short Distance of

prescribed, or if none is prescribed then beyond Six Miles, or beyond any greater Number Mile;

of Miles, Charges are to be payable in proportion to the Number of Quarters of a Mile and Goods, contained in that Fraction; and a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile is to be deemed a Quarter of a Mile.

4. For a Fraction of a Ton Charges are to be payable according to the Number of Fraction of Quarters of a Ton in that Fraction; and a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton is to be deemed Ton *

a Quarter of a Ton.

5. Every Passenger travelling on the Railway may, without Charge, cause to be carried Passengers in the same Train with him his ordinary Luggage, not exceeding the Weight prescribed in Luggage the Certificate, and if none is prescribed then not exceeding the Weight of One hundred and twenty Pounds for a First-class Passenger, One hundred Pounds for a Second-class Passenger, and Sixty Pounds for a Third-class Passenger.

6. The Restriction as to Charges for Passengers does not extend fo Special Trains when Special Train *, required by Passengers, but applies only to the Ordinary or Express Passenger or Goods

Trains appointed by the Proprietors of the Railway.

7. Except as to Stone and Timber, Weight is to be determined according to Avoirdupois Determination

Weight. of Weight

Fourteen Cubic Feet of Stone, and Forty Cubic Feet of Oak, Mahogany, Teak, Beech, or Ash, and Fifty Cubic Feet of any other Timber, are to be deemed One Ton, and so in proportion for any smaller Quantity.

615

Terminal

Station

Charges.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

8. In addition to the Charges in Table III., a reasonable Charge is to be payable for the loading, covering, and unloading of Gbods at any Station, being a Terminal Station in respect of such Goods, and for Delivery and Collection, and any other Services incidental to the Duty or Business of a Carrier, where such Services, or any of them, are or is performed by the Proprietors of the Railway.

A Station is not to be considered a Tbrmlhal Station in respect of Goods, unless they are received there direct from the Consignor, of are directed to be delivered there to; the Consignee: 3i 1 v

9. The Term Small Packages does nit include Articles sent in large aggregate Quantities* although made up of separate Parcels, such as Bags of Sugar, Coffee, Meal, and the like; but applies only to single Parcels in separate Packages.

10. Nothing herein or in the Certificate contained is to prevent the Proprietors of the higher Charges. Itailway from taking any Charge over and above the Charges herein-before limited for the

Conveyance of Goods of any Description by Agreement with the Owners of or any Persons in charge of such Goods, either in respect of the Conveyance thereof (except Small Packages) by Passenger Trains, or by reason of any other special Service performed by the Proprietors of the Railway in relation thereto.

SmaD Package *

Agreement for

j(iw, )-j&nactn}entf in tieperal Acts relating to Railways applied to Railipays itpd

"TT-nr

Session and Chapter, and Section (if any). q

Tftle or Short Title of Act. '

1 & 2 Vict. c. 80. 1 & 2 Vict. c. 98. & 3 Vict* C. 45.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 97.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 55.

5 & 6 Viit. c. 79. fes. 2 to 7

(both inclusive), and ss. 24, 25, 26.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 85.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 3.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 46.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 57. ss. 4 *, 6, 7, 8.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 85. s. 16.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 64. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 31.

rAii Act for the Payment of Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works.

An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways. 1 " '

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reigti of His late Majesty King William the Fourth relating to Highways. / M

An Act for regulating Railways.

An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for* the Conveyance of Troops.

An Act to repeal the Duties payable bn Stage Carriages, and on Passengers conveyed upon Railways, and certain other Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to amend the Laws relating to Stamp Ditties.

An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present br succeeding Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes relating to Railways.

An Act for the Appointment of Constables or other Officers for keeping the Peace near Public Works in Scotland.

An Act for the Appointment of additional Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works in Ireland.

An Act for regulating the Gauge of Railways.

An Act for giving further Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

An Act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways.

The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854.

27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121. 617

Session and Chapter, and Section (if any). Title or Short Title of Act.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 122. g. 6.

20 & 21 Vict. & 31., s. 4. i '

21 & 22' Vict cl '

An Act to amend Ae renting to, the Conetruction of

BmWjjigf , the Metrcmplis and}te tyeighbfluxfyp

An Act , to amend, and ^fplam tte.Inc^re,

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Cheap TjrapM' a?d

26 & 27 Vict/c.

vvt:ijnTr< yu rjnvinj tjj y iu; *iU'-J,

PMMMfo. .±n , of

i J , 1); WaW the lA^a.ralatmgtothp

: U . LjlI': 1^ 'H.-iiJ.'_U1L. i_L./.. *_I- l.a i '

oi')'i* >; i' <:OfIxJj".C . r; r; v; i; <}L; >ii '* > .f0J'ji'Uuyxu

(v.) — General Rules.

Form of Application.

1. The Application to the, Board of Trade for a Certificate is to bp made by a Memorial in Writing, signed by tnd l3fonioters, or soAW or one of them, and lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade.

2. Together with .the* lihe, -Promoters are to lodge —

(a.) A printed Draft of the Certificate as proposed by the Promoters:

(&.) An Estimate of the Expense of the Construction of the proposed new Railway or Work (if isUty^isigiifid by»thet, Perd(»i making thp Estimate.

, .., N . I 0 ' Flans1, Sections, &*c. 1, .

i - f* -'Y f. YYlJ; - T- i'ii . J :(!> r > .tj-': *tj Ji7 il / #t <Vi .*> y t. A -

6. Maps, Plans, Sections, and Books of ReTorpp^c^posited by the Promoters are to be

BueV-.in *s, under the St^dipgb(Vd«rft

eithprHpp^, pfi^Uafl^nt jfqrcp^their would be obliged to deposit if

they were proceeding in the same C^.e^y, jtlaflway, BUI.

4. The Maps, Plans, Scpjipns, jand , jppftKft of/^efer^pce aforesaid arel t to bp . deposed

At tip .^%%/Memorial is lodged there, /; t

5. They are also to be deposited fqr(pybjjp fMspppfipn jut the same Offices of the Clerks of the Peace or.^heriflf Qlcf*l>a, at n^dg^lnQ Standing Orders ^foj^said, the P^npoter^ would l^Pi obliged ? te^9ppsi, t Uiei^W. fKey Ffrqpeqding in . |he pa^ Qa^e by n Railway Bill. s

6* Whet, eia^y Part of Railway w\U(be situate ^itbia the Limits of the Metropolis, as defined by The Metropolis Mapagpnjuent Act, 1855, a Copy of so much of the Plans and Sections as rejates* to that Part i? to .be deposited at ^tl^p, - Office of the Metropolitan Bpard of Works., i

7. A Copy of so much of the Plans and ^ectipoai as relates to each Parish in which any Part of the Railway will be situate. 0£ sin .which any Lands intended to be taken for the Railway are situate, together Uh a dopy of so nmcb of the; Book of Referesnce as relates to that Parish, is to be depqpited for, publia Inspection with the OflScer or Person with whom, under the Standing Orders aforesaid, the Promoters .would be obliged to deposit the same if they were proceeding in the sain© Casp )by a Railway Bill.

---

Advertisements as to Application.

8. After all the Deposits aforesaid have been made, Notice of the Application to the Board of Trade is to be given by Advertisement published as follows, namely:

Where the Railway will be situate wholly in One County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, then once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper of that County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town:

618 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Where the Railway will not be situate wholly in One County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, then once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper of the County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, wherein the Head Office of the Promoters is situate, and also once in each of Three successive Weeks in some One and the same Newspaper of each, County, City, or Town, or County of a City or Town, wherein any Part of the Railway will be situate:

If in any Case there is not any such Newspaper as herein-before described, then in like Manner in a Newspaper of adjoining or neighbouring County:

In every Case, once at least in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, respectively, if the Railway will be situate wholly in England or Scotland, or in Ireland; and both in the London and in the Edinburgh Gazette, if the Railway will be situate partly in England and partly in Scotland.

9. The Advertisements are to be published either in the Month of June or in the Month of November and not at any other Time.

10. Each Advertisement is to give the Address of an Office in London where Copies of the Draft Certificate will be supplied as herein-after directed.

11. Each Advertisement is to state that all Persons desirous of making any Representation to the Board of Trade, or of bringing before them any Objection, respecting the Application, may so by Letter addressed to the Secretary of the Board of Trade, on or before the First Day or August or First Day of January next succeeding the Date of the Advertisement, according as the same is published in the Month of June or in the Month of November.

Deposit of Copies of Advertisements.

12. Within One Week after the Publication of the latest Advertisement, a Copy of each of the Newspapers and Gazettes containing the several Advertisements is to be lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade.

13. Within the same Time, a printed Copy of the Gazette Advertisement is to be deposited for public Inspection in each of the same Offices, and with each of the same Officers and Persons, in which or with whom the Maps, Plans, Sections, and Books of Reference or Parts thereof were deposited.

14. The last-mentioned Deposit of a Copy of the Gazette Advertisement may be made (if the Promoters choose) by means of a registered Post Letter, and any Deposit so made shall be deemed made on the Day on which such Letter would be delivered in ordinary course of Post.

Note of Time of Deposit.

15. Where any Document is deposited under these Rules for public Inspection, the Clerk of the Peace, Sheriff Clerk, or other Officer or Person, in whose Office or with whom it is deposited, is to make thereon-a Memorial in Writing denoting the Time at which it was deposited.

Notice to Road Trustees.

16. Where any Part of a Turnpike Road or Public Highway is intended to be taken or used, or to be diverted or otherwise interfered with, for the Purposes of the Railway, the Promoters in the Month of June or November (as the Case may be) in which the Advertisements are published are to serve Notice of the Application on the Trustees or other Persons having the Management of such Road or Highway.

Notice of Opposition.

17. Notice of Opposition by a Railway or Canal Company is to be lodged at the Office of the Board of Trade, not later than the First Day of August or First Day of January next succeeding the Date of the Advertisement of Application, according as the same is published in the Month of June or in the Month of November.

619 27° & 28° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Notice of Settlement of Draft Certificate.

18. On the Draft Certificate being settled by the Board of Trade, the Promoters are to serve a Copy thereof, with a Notice that the Draft has been settled by the Board of Trade, on every Company, Body, or Person, by whom any Representation or Objection respecting the Application was made to or brought before the Board of Trade, and are also to give by Advertisement or otherwise such public or other Notice (if any) thereof, as according to the Circumstances of the Case the Board of Trade direct.

Supply of Copies of Draft Certificate.

19. From the Time of the Publication of the first Advertisement the Promoters are to keep in the Office mentioned in this Behalf in the Advertisement, a sufficient Number of Copies of the Draft of the Certificate as proposed by them, and are to furnish there Copies to all Persons applying for them at the Price of not more than Sixpence each.

20. From the Time of the Settlement of the Draft Certificate by the Board of Trade, the Promoters are to keep in the Office aforesaid Copies of the Draft supplied to them for that Purpose by the Board of Trade, and are to furnish there Copies thereof to all Persons applying for them at such Price (if any) as the Board of Trade from Time to Time direct

Deposit of Money.

21. The Deposit of Money or Government Securities in Court is to be made within One Month after Notice from the Board of Trade that they are prepared to issue the Certificate.

Printing of Certificate.

22. Copies of the Certificate printed by the Printers of Gazette are to be printed on ordinary White Folio Paper, similar in Size to the Paper on which the Public General Acts of Parliament are printed for public Sale.

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1864.

