A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

PASSED IN THE

Twentieth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the FIFTH SESSION of the SIXTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1857.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the FIFTH Session of the SIXTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

20° VICT.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces. 3

II. An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Chief Constables for adjoining Counties, and to confirm Appointments of Chief Constables in certain Cases. 5

III. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Districts of Ipswich, Oldbury, Stroud, Llangollen, and and for altering the Constitution of the Local Board for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken. 9

IV. An Act to enable the Subjects of the Ionian States to hold Military and Naval Commissions under the Crown. 33

V. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 37

VI. An Act to reduce the Rates of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 41

VII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 45

VIII. An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts. 49

IX. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on the Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre, in consideration of his eminent Services. 53

X. An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. 57

XI. An Act to amend the Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Act 1856. 61

XII. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, intituled An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases. 65

XIII. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 69

XIV. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 141

XV. An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on Tea, Sugar, and other Articles. 205

XVI. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing, and re-imposing under new Regulations, the Duty on Race Horses. 209

XVII. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven. 213

XVIII. An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon the Union Funds. 217

XIX. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places. 221

XX. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 225

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act for enabling the Great Western, Bristol and Exeter, and South Devon Railway Companies to afford further Assistance towards the Completion of the Cornwall Railway between Plymouth and Truro; for extending the Time for the Completion thereof; and for other Purposes. 3

ii. An Act to re-incorporate Price's Patent Candle Company, Limited, and for other Purposes. 17

iii. An Act to enable the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes. 29

[INDEX removed.]

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. I.

An Act to amend the Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces.

[9th March 1857.]

[10 & 11 Vict. c.63.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces, it was enacted, that no Person should be enlisted to serve in the Royal Marine Forces as a Marine for a longer Term than Twelve Years, to be reckoned from the Day on which the Recruit should have been attested, if he should have stated himself to be then of the Age of Eighteen Years, or if not then from the Day on which he would complete the Age of Eighteen Years, to be reckoned according to the Age stated in his Attestation; and it was thereby also enacted, that any Marine at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he should have first engaged, or after the Completion of such Term, might, if approved by his Commanding Officer or other competent Authority as a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service as a Marine, be re-engaged to serve for the further Term of Twelve Years in the Royal Marine Forces; and that any Marine who should be ordered on Foreign Service, and who was within Three Years of the Expiration of his First Engagement, should be at liberty, with the Approbation of his Commanding Officer, to re-engage, before he embarked for such

4 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 1.

Royal Marine Forces.

Foreign Service, for such Period as should complete a total Service of Twenty-four Years: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral should be enabled to permit Enlistment for such less Terms as they may at any Time or Times deem expedient, and to authorize Marines to re-engage for any Terms within the Limit of Service prescribed by the said Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to the Admiralty to prescribe Terms for Enlistment and Re-engagement of Marines.]

I. Any Person may be enlisted to serve in the Royal Marine Forces as a Marine for any Term not exceeding Twelve Years, to be reckoned as provided by the herein-before recited Act, as may be authorized by any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners in such Behalf; and any Marine may, subject to such Approbation as in the said Act mentioned, re-engage for such Term as may by any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners be authorized, provided the Term for which he is so engaged, with the Term of his Service under his First Enlistment, do not exceed the Period of Twenty-one Years; and the Forms of Questions on Enlistment in Schedule A. to the herein-before recited Act, and the Form of Declaration in Schedule B. to such Act, and the Questions on Enlistment and Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service in the Schedule to the Marine Mutiny Act in force for the Time being, may, when the Occasion requires, be filled up with such Term or Number of Years as may for the Time being be authorized by such Order or Orders, instead of the Term or Number of Years mentioned in the Directions contained in such Schedules.

[Recited Act and this Act to be read as One.]

II. The herein-before recited Act and this Act shall be read and construed together as One Act.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. II.

An Act to facilitate the Appointment of Chief Constables for adjoining Counties, and to confirm Appointments of Chief Constables in certain Cases.

[9th March 1857 ]

[Recital of Part of s. 4. of 2 & 3 Vict. c.93.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-three, "for the Establishment of County and District Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace," it is provided, "that it shall be lawful to appoint the same Chief Constable for Two or more adjoining Counties or Parts of Counties, if the Justices of such Counties, in General or Quarter Session assembled, shall mutually agree to join in such Appointment:" And whereas Difficulties have arisen in certain Cases in giving effect to the said Enactment: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Provision above recited repealed.]

I. So much of the Fourth Section of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty as is herein-before recited shall be repealed.

6 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.2.

Chief Constables.

[Power to Justices to appoint a Person to be Chief Constable, although he may hold a similar Appointment in an adjoining County.]

II. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, in General or Quarter Session assembled, subject to the Provisions of the said Act, to appoint a Person to be Chief Constable of their County or of Part thereof, although he may hold or be appointed to the Office or Offices of Chief Constable of any adjoining County or Counties, or Part or Parts of Counties: Provided, that the Justices of each County, in General or Quarter Session assembled, shall declare their Consent that the Office in their Appointment may be held by such Person together with such other Office or Offices.

[Previous Appointments of Chief Constables confirmed, and all Acts done by them valid.]

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the Appointment of Chief Constables in certain Cases:

Every Appointment heretofore made or expressed to be made by the Justices of any County, in General or Quarter Session, of a Chief Constable for their County or Part thereof, and all Acts done under or with reference to every such Appointment, either by the Person appointed or by the Justices of the County, or by any other Persons whatsoever, shall be effectual and valid, notwithstanding any Defect or Informality in or in relation to such Appointment; provided such Appointment shall have been approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

[2 & 3 Vict. c. 93. 3 & 4 Vict. c. 88. 19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. and this Act to be construed as One.]

IV. The said Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, the Acts of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, and of the Session holden in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE

CAP. III.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Districts of Oldbury, Stroud, Llangollen, and Dukinfield; and for altering the Constitution of the Local Board for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken.

[9th March 1857.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published, and deposited, according to the Provisions of that Act, certain Provisional Orders in the Schedule to this Act contained, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be confirmed, and further Provisions made in relation thereto: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That —

[Certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of]

I. The Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, so far as the same are authorized by the said

10 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

[Health confirmed.]

Public Health Act, be absolute, and be as binding, and of the like Force and Effect, as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

[First Election of Local Board of Oldbury.]

II. The First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Oldbury, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[First Election of Local Board of Llangollen.]

III. The First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Llangollen shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[First Election of Local Board of Dukinfield.]

IV. The First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Dukinfield shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[First Selection and Election of Local Board for Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken.]

V. The First Selection of the Twenty-three Members of the Local Board of Health for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken to be selected by the Council of the Borough of Wisbech, and the First Election of the Six Members of the said Board to be elected for and in respect of the Parish of Walsoken, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[Proceedings of Local Board for Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken to be valid.]

VI. All the Proceedings had, and Acts, Matters, and Things done and executed, by the Local Board of Health for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken, as constituted by the Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, in relation to the aforesaid District, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, shall be as valid and effectual as if the said Order had been made and the said Local Board had been constituted consistently in every respect with the Public Health Act, 1848.

[Rates, &c. of said Local Board to be deemed valid.]

VII. No Rate made or Expenditure incurred before the passing of this Act by the Local Board of Health for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken, as constituted by the Provisional Order aforesaid, shall be deemed invalid or illegal by reason of any Defect in the Constitution of the said Local Board; and the said Local Board, and all Persons acting under their Authority, are hereby relieved and indemnified from and against all Proceedings whatsoever on account of the making, levying, and collecting of any such Rate, or the incurring of any such Expenditure.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3. 11

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

[Act incorporated with Public Health Act 1848.]

VIII. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this Act and the Public Health Act, 1848, were One Act.

[Short Title.]

IX. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures "The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1857."

12 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

IPSWICH.

Provisional Order for the Application of the Public Health Act to the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, upon the petition of not less than one-tenth of the inhabitants rated to the relief of the Poor of and within the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and within the boundaries of the said Borough, as fixed for the purposes of an Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," the General Board of Health, appointed for the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848, have, in pursuance of the provisions of that Act, directed William Ranger, a Superintending Inspector, appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the said Borough, within and throughout the said boundaries, and to make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses as to the sewerage, drainage, and supply of water, the state of the burial grounds, the number and sanitary condition of the inhabitants, and as to any Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said Borough, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with water, or improving the said Borough, or having relation to the purposes of the said Act; also as to the natural drainage areas, and the existing municipal, parochial, or other local boundaries, and the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given the notices directed by the said Act, proceeded upon the said inquiry, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the several matters with respect to which he was directed to inquire, and upon certain other matters in respect of which he deemed it expedient to report for the purposes of that Act.

And whereas copies of the said Report, accompanied by a notice, stating that written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as directed by the said Public Health Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

And whereas it appears upon such Report that there is a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said Borough, having relation to the purposes of the said Public Health Act; (that is to say,)

An Act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3. 13

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, knd Annoyances therein."

And whereas it appears to the said General Board of Health to be expedient that the said Public Health Act, except as herein-after mentioned, should be applied to the said Borough; and that provision should be made with respect to the said Local Act of Parliament, and the partial repeal, alteration, extension, and further execution thereof; but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now therefore, in pursuance of the power vested in the said Board by the Public Health Act, 1848, the said General Board of Health do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, as President of the said Board, and under its seal of office, direct:

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — In the construction of this Order, the same meanings shall be assigned to certain expressions which are assigned to them by the section numbered 2 in the copies of "The Public Health Act, 1848," printed by Her Majesty's printers, unless such meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the context or subject-matter in which such expressions occur.

2. — So much of "The Public Health Act, 1848," as relates to corporate districts shall apply to the area comprised within the boundaries of the said Borough of Ipswich.

3. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough shall be by the Council of the said Borough the Local Board of Health under the said Public Health Act.

4. — Such parts of the said Local Act as are specified in the Schedule to this Order shall be repealed, except in so far as they relate to anything done before the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, and except in so far as the same repeal any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

5. — The powers, authorities, and duties of the Commissioners for the time being, acting in execution of the said Local Act, shall cease; and such of them as are granted or imposed by the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act shall, so far as they are not repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the said Public Health Act, or this Order, or any byelaw which shall be lawfully made under the said Public Health Act, be transferred to the said Local Board of Health, and the officers and servants of the said Local Board, and shall be exercised as if they had been granted or imposed by the said Public Health Act, and for this purpose the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act shall be incorporated with the said Public Health Act as applied to the said Borough, and all places within the limits of the said Borough shall be subject to the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act.

6. — The said Local Board shall be the Commissioners for executing the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act.

7. — The sections of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to —

Naming the streets and numbering the houses;

14 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

Improving the line of the streets, and removing obstructions;

Ruinous or dangerous buildings;

Precautions during the construction and repair of the sewers, streets, and houses;

The abatement of nuisances (being the sections numbered 104,105, and 106);

The prevention of smoke;

The construction of houses for the prevention of fire;

The supplying buildings with fresh air;

Public bathing places and drying grounds, except so much thereof as requires any special order for doing anything contained therein;

Clocks:

And also the sections of the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to —

Obstructions and nuisances in the streets;

Fires;

Places of public resort;

Hackney carriages;

And public bathing:

Shall be incorporated with so much of the said Local Act as remains unrepealed by this Order, and with the said Public Health Act, as applied to the said Borough by this Order, and any Act of Parliament confirming the same; and the expression "The Special Act," used in the said sections, shall be construed to mean the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act, and the said Public Health Act so applied; and the expression "Limits of the Special Act," used in the same sections, shall be construed to mean the district constituted by this Order; and the expression "the Commissioners," used in the said sections, shall mean the said Local Board.

8. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said Local Act shall be transferred to the said Local Board of Health, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board of Health upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes; as by such Commissioners.

9. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Commissioners, shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith, if this Order had not been made; and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board, as by such Commissioners.

10. — Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose, the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Public Health Act, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

11. — Provided also, that if such property and estate be more than sufficient, the surplus shall be applied to the exclusive use of the same parts and to the same purposes ns it would have been if this Order had not been made.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3. 15

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

12. — All expenses which shall be incurred by the said Local Board of Health under the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act, and which shall not be defrayed out of monies arising under such Local Acts, shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by such Board under the said Public Health Act, and shall be defrayed out of the rates under that Act (as the nature of the case may require); and the monies necessary to be raised for the purposes of such Local Act may be raised as under the said Public Health Act.

13. — Provided always, that this Order, and the repeal of the parts of the said Local Act mentioned in the Schedule thereto, shall not prejudicially affect anything done under that Act before the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order; but notwithstanding this Order, and the Schedule thereto, all such things, and all existing contracts and agreements, shall be as valid with reference to the said Local Board of Health, as if the same had been done and made by or with that Board, and may be dealt with in the same manner, in all respects, as if they related to that Board, instead of the said Commissioners, and all duties and liabilities thereunder shall attach to and be borne and discharged by the said Local Board instead of the said Commissioners.

14. — Provided also, that this Order, and the repeal of the parts of the said Local Act mentioned in the Schedule thereto, shall be without prejudice to any penalties incurred under the said Local Act, but all such penalties may be recovered by the said Local Board of Health according to the provisions of this Order.

Given under my hand as President of the General Board of Health, and under its seal of office, this Twenty-first day of January, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

(L.S.) (Signed) W. Cowper.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the said Local Act referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; (that is to say,)

The sections numbered respectively in the copies of the said Act printed by the Queen's printers 1 to 23, 26 to 35, 37 to 87, all inclusive.

And so much of any unrepealed part of the said Act as fixes the amount of any penalty for any offence under the said Act, wherever the penalty for such offence shall have been fixed by the Public Health Act, 1848, or by any byelaw of the Local Board of Health, made under and by virtue of the said Public Health Act, at an amount other than that fixed by the said first-mentioned Act.

16 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3.

Public Health Supplement (1857).

OLDBURY.

Provisional Order for the Application of the Public Health Act to the District of Oldbury, in the County of Worcester.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, upon the petition of not less than one tenth of the inhabitants rated to the relief of the poor of and within the township of Oldbury, in the parish of Halesowen, in the county of Worcester, the General Board of Health appointed for the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848, in pursuance Of the provisions of that Act, directed William Ranger, a Superintending Inspector, appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the said township within and throughout the boundaries thereof, and to make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses as to the sewerage, drainage, and supply of water, the state of the burial-grounds, the number and sanitary condition of the inhabitants, and as to any Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said township for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with water, or improving the said township, or having relation to the purposes of the said Act; also as to the natural drainage areas, and the existing municipal, parochial, or other local boundaries, and the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

AND WHEREAS the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given the notices directed by the said Act, proceeded upon the said inquiry, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the several matters with respect to which he was directed to inquire, and upon certain other matters in respect of which he deemed it expedient to report for the purposes of that Act.

AND WHEREAS copies of the said Report, accompanied by a notice stating that written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as directed by the said Public Health Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and all such statements as have been received by the said Board have been duly deposited as required by that Act.

AND WHEREAS it having appeared to the said General Board that the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the Act were not the same as those of the said township, with respect to which the said inquiry had been made, the said Board caused the said William Ranger to visit the parts within the boundaries proposed to be adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

AND WHEREAS the said Inspector, after having given such notice as is required by the said Act, did proceed with such further inquiry, and did hear all persons desirous of being heard before him on the subject of the said Report, and did make further Report according to the directions of the said Board.

AND WHEREAS copies of such further Report, accompanied by a notice stating that, within the time directed by the said Act, written statements

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3. 17

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said last-mentioned Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as required by the said Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed; and no such statements have been received by the said Board in relation to such Report.

AND WHEREAS it appears to the said General Board to be expedient that the said Public Health Act, except as herein-after mentioned, should be applied to so much of the aforesaid parish of Halesowen as is included within the dotted line on the map accompanying the aforesaid further Report of Mr. Ranger to the General Board of Health, dated 18th April 1856, and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed; but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

NOW THEREFORE, in pursuance of the powers vested in the said Board by the Public Health Act, 1848, the said General Board of Health do, by this Provisional Order, under the hand of the President of the said Board, and the official seal of that Board, direct: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming the present Order, —

1. — The Public Health Act, 1848, except the Section numbered 50 in the copies of that Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers, shall apply to so much of the said parish of Halesowen, in the county of Worcester, as is included in the dotted line aforesaid, and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and that the said district shall be called the "Oldbury District."

2. — The Local Board of Health for the said district shall consist of fifteen persons, and the entire number shall be elected for the whole of the said district.

3. — One third in number of the said Local Board shall go out of office on the 25th day of March in each year subsequently to that in which the first election takes place.

4. — Every person shall at the time of his election as member of the said Local Board, and so long as he shall continue in office by virtue of such election, be seised and possessed of real or personal estate, or both, to the value or amount of not less than five hundred pounds, or shall be rated to the relief of the poor of some parish, township, or place of which some part is within the said district, upon an annual value of not less than fifteen pounds.

5. — At the first election of the said Local Board, Mr. Samuel Marsh shall have the powers and perform the duties vested in or imposed upon the Chairman of the Local Board of Health by the Public Health Act, 1848, in relation to any election by owners of property and ratepayers, and shall perform all other duties which it may be requisite for him to perform in conducting and completing the said first election; and in case the said Samuel Marsh, from illness or other sufficient cause, shall be unable to exercise or discharge such powers or duties, or shall be absent or shall refuse to act, then Mr. Samuel Clifton shall exercise and perform such of the said powers and duties as then remain to be exercised or performed.

6. — The fourteen days' notice of qualification required by the Public Health Act, 1848, to be given by owners of property in order to entitle

18 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

them to vote at the said first election shall be given to the said Samuel Marsh at his residence in Oldbury, or in case he shall refuse or be unable to receive the same, then to the said Samuel Clifton at his residence in Oldbury aforesaid.

Given under my Hand and under the Seal of the General Board of Health, this Twentieth day of January, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

(L.S.) - (Signed) W. Cowper.

Schedule.

The following is the description of the Boundary of the district of Oldbury, referred to in the preceding Order: —

The boundaries of the Oldbury district (being part of the said parish of Halesowen) commence at the northern extremity of the said parish at its junction with the parishes of Rowley Regis and West Bromwich, running thence in a south-eastwardly and southern direction along the boundary between the said parishes of Halesowen and West Bromwich to the point where the parishes of Halesowen, West Bromwich, and Harbome meet, thence in a southern direction along the boundary between the parishes of Halesowen and Harbome to the turnpike-road leading out of Oldbury to or towards Birmingham, near to the Rood End toll-gate, thence across the said turnpike-road at or near to a pit or watering place at the eastern comer of a garden or pleck belonging to and in the occupation of Solomon Simpson, running thence in a southern direction along the boundary of the said parishes of Halesowen and Harbome to the south-eastern comer of a field called Brook Leasow, belonging to Richard Bloxidge, in the occupation of Samuel Underhill, thence along the south side of the said field to the southwest comer thereof, thence along the west side of the said field and of another field, also called Brook Leasow, belonging to the said Richard Bloxidge, and in the occupation of the said Samuel Underhill, to the north-west comer of the latter, thence across the foredrift or occupation-road there to the west side thereof, thence up to and along the south side of a public house situate at Rood End, known as "The Bell," belonging to the representatives of the late James Birch, and occupied by John Smith, (thereby including the said public house in the said proposed district,) thence along the south and southwest side of the lane leading from Rood End to Langley Green to the northwest corner of a garden belonging to Elizabeth Downing, in the occupation of Henry Hadley, thence along the east side of the said garden and of a field called Cob's Croft to the south-east corner of the latter, thence along part of the north and the whole of the east side of a field called Horse Leasow, which two last-mentioned pieces belong to the representatives of the said James Birch, and are occupied by William Smith, thence along the eastern sides of certain fields called Pingle Meadow, Bissell's Piece, Hilly Piece, and Highway Piece, to the south-east comer of the latter at its junction with the highway leading from a house called the Dog Kennel to Smethwick, which said pieces belong to John Sargeant, and are occupied by Daniel Darby, junior, thence along the south side of the Said Highway Piece into and about half way along the south side of a field called Big Reddings, belonging to Samuel and James Sadler, and occupied by Diana Thompson, thence across the said

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3. 19

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

highway to the south side thereof, thence along the south side of the said highway to its junction with the road leading from the said house called the Dog Kennel to or towards Bristnall Fields to or opposite to the south corner of a field called the Croft, belonging to Joseph Shorthouse, in the occupation of George Thompson, and along the south-west side thereof, thence along the south side of a field called the Junage, and along about two thirds of the south-west side of a field called the House Piece, thence in a westward direction to the south-west corner of a garden or homestead attached to a house called Langley Hall, thence along the west side thereof up to the highway leading to Langley Green (thereby including the said Langley Hall and premises within the said proposed district), thence along the south side of a pleck at the back of some cottages belonging to Henry Sturges (thereby including the oottages within the said proposed district), which said fields called the Junage, House Piece, garden or homestead, and pleck, belong to Edward Maude, and are occupied by Diana Thompson, thence in a south-westward direction along the south-east side of certain fields belonging to Mra Ann Hill, and occupied by Benjamin Hadley, called Langley Green Meadow, Brick Kiln Piece, and Clay Crofts (in two parts) to the south corner of the second Clay Croft, thence in a north-westerly direction along the west side of the Clay Croft (last mentioned) and the south-west side of a field called the Eddishes, also belonging to the said Mrs. Ann Hill, and occupied by the said Benjamin Hadley, to the west comer of the latter at its junction with the highway leading from Langley Green to Causeway Green, there crossing the said highway and taking a westerly direction to the comer of the highway leading towards Titford Green, thence along the western side of two fields called Near Langley Piece and Far, Langley Piece, belonging to and in the occupation of John Collins, thence along the western side of two cottages and a field called Heather Langley, belonging to the Reverend William Lewis, the former occupied by John Adams and William Parkes and the latter by Samuel Walker, thence along the western side of two fields called Little Leasow and Dingle Piece, belonging to the trustees of Fentham's Hampton in Arden Charity Estates, and occupied by Henry Bickerton Whitehouse, to the north-west comer of the latter (thereby excluding the cottages and gardens which lie between the highway and the last-mentioned fields from the proposed district), thence across the end of a garden belonging to William Jervis Hodgetts, in the occupation of David Turley or others, into and across the road leading from Titford Green to Oldbury, thence' along the south-west side of a field called the Long Meadow, also belonging to William Jervis Hodgetts, in the occupation of John Brinton, thence across the Canal Branch belonging to the Birmingham Canal Company into a field called the LowerHeld, and along the south-west side thereof, also of another field called the House Leasow, both belonging to the said William Jervis Hodgetts, in the occupation of William Hadley, to the north-west comer of the latter at its junction with the said parish of Har-bome (thereby excluding the Canal Company's house and premises, also the houses and buildings which lie between the highway and the said last-described fields, from the proposed district), thence in a northward and westward direction, taking the boundary line between the parishes of Halesowen and Rowley Regis to the point upon which this description of the boundary of the aforesaid district commenced.

20 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

## Table start

Nos. on Plan. Names of Fields referred to. Owners. Occupiers.

586 House, Garden, and Pleck Simpson, Solomon Himself.

587 Top Stile Smith, William Himself.

777 Canal Feeder, &c. Birmingham Canal Co. Themselves.

778 Middle Gate Leasow Downing, Sam. David Smith, Wm.

779 The Meadow Do. Do.

466 House Piece Do. Do.

780 Garden Smith, John Himself.

781 Bullbrooks Do. Smith, William.

782 Do. Bloxidge, Richard Underhill, Samuel.

783 Brook Leasow Do. Do.

784 Do. Do. Do.

468 The "Bell" public house, &c. Birch, Jas., Executors Smith, John.

818 House and Garden Downing, Elizabeth Hadley, Henry.

819 Cob's Croft Birch, Jas., Executors Smith, William.

822 Horse Leasow Do. Do.

823 Pingle Meadow Sargeant, John Darby, Daniel, jun.

826 Bissell's Piece Do. Do.

827 Hilly Piece Do. Do.

849 Highway Piece Do. Do.

850 Big Reddings Sadler, Sam., and Jas. Thompson, Diana.

865 The Croft Shorthouse, Joseph Thompson, George.

866 pt. Little Junage Maude, Edward Thompson, Diana.

388 In the Junage Do. Do.

389 House Piece Do. Do.

390 House, Offices, Garden, &c., Langley Hall. Do. Do.

396 Houses, Shops, and Gardens Sturges, Henry Cooper, Frederick, Fletcher, William, Bradbury, Jas., and Essex, Charles.

399 In Langley Green Meadow Hill, Mrs. Ann Hadley, Benjamin.

705 pt. Do. Do. Do.

704 Brick-kiln Piece Do. Do.

703 Part of Clay Croft Do. Do.

702 Do. Do. Do.

700 The Eddishes Do. Do.

696 Near Langley Piece Collins, John Himself.

695 Far Langley Piece Do. Do.

694 Two Houses and Gardens Lewis, Rev. William Adams, John, and Parkes, William.

693 Heather Langley Do. Walker, Samuel.

689 Little Leasow Hampton Charity Whitehouse, H. B.

687 Dingle Piece Do. Do.

686 Houses and Gardens Hodgetts, Wm. Jervis Turley, David, and others.

480 Part of Long Meadow Do. Brinton, John.

478 Canal Feeders, &c. Birmingham Canal Co. Themselves.

474 Lower Field Hodgetts, Wm. Jervis Hadley, William.

473 House Leasow Do. Do.

## Table end

20° VICTORIAE, Cap,3. 21

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

STROUD.

Provisional Order for the Application of the Public Health Act to the Parish of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, upon the petition of not less than one-tenth of the inhabitants rated to the relief of the poor of and within the Parish of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester (the number of such petitioners greatly exceeding thirty in the whole), the General Board of Health, appointed for the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848, have, in pursuance of the provisions of that Act, directed William Ranger, Superintending Inspector, appointed for the purposes of the same Act, to visit the said Parish, and to make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses, as to the sewerage, drainage, and supply of water, the state of the burial-grounds, the number and sanitary condition of the inhabitants, and as to any Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said Parish for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with water, or improving the said Parish, or having relation to the purposes of the said Public Health Act, also as to the natural drainage areas, and the existing municipal, parochial, or other local boundaries, and the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the Act.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given notices directed by the said Act, proceeded upon the said inquiry in the manner directed by the said Act, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the said several matters with respect to which he was directed to inquire, and upon certain other matters in respect of which he deemed it expedient to report for the purposes of that Act.

And whereas copies of the said Report, accompanied by a notice stating that within the time directed by the said Act written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as required by the said Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

And whereas it having appeared to the said General Board that the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the Act were not the same as those of the said Parish of Stroud with respect to which the said inquiry had been made, the said Board caused the said William Ranger to visit the parts within the boundaries proposed to be adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, after having given such notice as is required by the said Act, did hear all persons desirous of being beard before him on the subject of the said Report, and did make further inquiry and report according to the directions of the said Board.

And whereas copies of such further Report, accompanied by a notice stating that, within the time directed by the said Act, written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said last-mentioned Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein have been duly published and deposited as required by the said Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

22 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

And whereas it appears to the said General Board to be expedient that the said Public Health Act, except as herein-after mentioned, should be applied to so much of the said Parish of Stroud as lies within the distance of one mile in every direction from the Parish Church of Stroud aforesaid, and constitutes the Town of Stroud, as defined by the second section of the Act of 6 Geo. 4. c. 6. herein-after recited.

And whereas it appears upon such Report that there is a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said Parish, having relation to the purposes of the said Public Health Act; (that is to say,)

An Act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the Fourth, intituled "An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the Town of Stroud, in the County of a Gloucester."

And whereas it appears to the said General Board of Health to be expedient that the said Public Health Act, except as herein-after mentioned, should be applied to the said Town, as defined in the second section of the last hereinbefore recited Act of 6 Geo. 4. c. 6., and that provision should be made with respect to the said Local Act of Parliament, and the partial repeal, alteration, extension, and further execution thereof; but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament

Now THEREFORE, in pursuance of the power vested in the said Board by the Public Health Act, 1848, the said General Board of Health do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, as President of the said Board, and under the seal of the said Board, direct: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — In the construction of this Order, the same meanings shall be assigned to certain expressions which are assigned to them by the section numbered 2 in the copies of "The Public Health Act, 1848," printed by Her Majesty's printers, unless such meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the context or subject-matter in which such expressions occur.

2. — "The Public Health Act, 1848," except as herein-after excepted, shall apply to the area comprised within the boundaries of the said Town of Stroud, as defined in the second section of the aforesaid Act of 6 Geo. 4. c. 6.

3. — The Commissioners for the time being acting in execution of the said Act "for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating, and improving the town of Stroud, in the county of Gloucester," shall be the Local Board of Health under the said Public Health Act; but after the constitution of the said Commissioners as such Local Board of Health, the provisions of the Public Health Act and this Order with respect to the election, qualification, and tenure of office of Local Boards, excepting only such provisions as relate to the first election thereof, shall apply to and be in force in the said district.

4. — Such parts of the said Local Act as are specified in the Schedule to this Order shall be repealed, except in so far as relates to anything done before the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, and except in so far as the same repeal any other Act or Acts of Parliament

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3. 23

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

5. — The powers, authorities, and duties of the Commissioners for the time being, acting in execution of the said Local Act, shall cease; and such of them as are granted or imposed by the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act shall, so far as they are not repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the said Public Health Act, or this Order, or any byelaw which shall be lawfully made under the said Public Health Act, be transferred to the said Local Board of Health, and the officers and servants of the said Local Board, and shall be exercised as if they had been granted or imposed by the said Public Health Act, and for this purpose the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act shall be incorporated with the said Public Health Act as applied to the said Town, and all places within the limits of the said Town shall be subject to the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act.

6. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said Local Act shall be transferred to the said Local Board of Health, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board of Health upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes, as by such Commissioners.

7. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable or to become payable by such Commissioners, shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board, as by such Commissioners.

8. — Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose, the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Public Health Act, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

9. — Provided also, that if such property and estate be more than sufficient, the surplus shall be applied to the exclusive use of the same parts and to the same purposes as it would have been if this Order had not been made.

10. — All expenses which shall be incurred by the said Local Board of Health under the unrepealed parts of the said Local Act, and which shall not be defrayed out of monies arising under such Local Act, shall be deemed to be expenses incurred by such Board under the Public Health Act, and shall be defrayed out of the rates, under that Act (as the nature of the case may require); and the monies necessary to be raised for the purposes of such Local Act may be raised as under the said Public Health Act.

11. — Provided always, that this Order, and the repeal of the parts of the said Local Act mentioned in the Schedule thereto, shall not prejudicially affect anything done under that Act before the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order; but notwithstanding this Order, and the Schedule thereto, all such things, and all existing contracts and agreements, shall be as valid with reference to the said Local Board of Health as if the same had been done and made by or with that Board, and may be dealt with in the same manner, in all respects, as if they related to that Board, instead of the said Commissioners, and all duties and liabilities thereunder

24 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

shall attach to and be borne and discharged by the said Local Board instead of the said Commissioners.

12. — Provided also, that this Order, and the repeal of the parts of the said Local Act mentioned in the Schedule thereto, shall be without prejudice to any penalties incurred under the said Local Act, before the confirmation of this Order; but all such penalties may be recovered by the said Local Board of Health according to the provisions of this Order.

13. — From the 25th day of March 1858 the Local Board shall consist of 18 persons, and if on the day aforesaid the said Local Board shall exceed that number, then so many of the said Board as will reduce their number to 18 shall go out of office, and the names of those so to go out of office shall be determined by ballot, and one third in number of the said Local Board so reduced to 18 persons shall go out of office on the said 25th day of March 1858, and in each year subsequently, and an equal number shall be elected in their place; but in case the day appointed shall fall on a Sunday, or on a day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, then that third shall go out of office on the day next following.

14. — Every person shall, at the time of his election as member of the said Local Board, at every election to take place after the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the said town, and so long as he shall continue in office by virtue of such election, be resident as in the Public Health Act, 1848, is required, and be seised and possessed of real or personal estate, or both, to the value or amount of not less than one thousand pounds, or shall be bo resident and rated to the relief of the poor of some parish, township, or place of which some part is within the said district, upon an annual value of not less than thirty pounds.

Given under my hand, as President of the General Board of Health, and under the seal of the said Board, this Twelfth day of January in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

(L.S.) (Signed) W. Cowper.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the said Local Act referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; (that is to say,)

The sections numbered respectively in the copies of the said Act printed by the Queen's printers 1 to 14, both inclusive, 15, except the proviso to the section so numbered, 16 to 21, 46 to 51, 60 to 77, all inclusive, 79, 82 to 96, 101 to 118, all inclusive.

And so much of any unrepealed part of the said Act as fixes the amount of any penalty for any offence under the said Act, wherever the penalty for such offence shall have been fixed by the Public Health Act, 1848, or by any byelaw of the Local Board of Health, made under and by virtue of the said Public Health Act, at an amount other than that fixed by the said first-mentioned Act.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3. 25

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857)

LLANGOLLEN.

Provisional Order for the Application of the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Llangollen, the County of Denbigh.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, the General Board of Health, appointed for the purposes of the said Act, upon the joint petition of not less than one tenth of the inhabitants rated to the relief of the poor of and within the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh, (the number of the said Petitioners exceeding thirty in the whole,) directed Thomas Webster Rammell, a Superintending Inspector, appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the said Parish, and to make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses as to the sewerage, drainage, and supply of water, the state of the burial-grounds, the number and sanitary condition of the inhabitants, and as to any Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said Parish for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with water, or improving the said Parish, or having relation to the purposes of the said Act; also, as to the natural drainage areas, and the existing parochial or other local boundaries, and the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given the notices required by the said Act, proceeded upon the said inquiry in the manner directed by the said Act, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the several matters with respect to which he was so directed to inquire as aforesaid, and upon certain other matters in respect of which he deemed it expedient to report for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas copies of the said Report, accompanied by a notice stating that within the time directed by the said Act written statements might be forwarded to the said Board, with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as required by the said Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and all such statements as have been received by the said Board have been duly deposited, as required by the said Act.

And whereas it having appeared to the said General Board that the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the said Act were not the same as those of the said Parish with respect to which the said inquiry had been made, the said Board caused Alfred Lamerte Dickens, another of the Superintending Inspectors appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the parts within the boundaries proposed to be adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas the said last herein-before named Superintending Inspector, after having given such notice as is required by the said Act, did hear all persons desirous of being heard before him on the subject of the said Report, and of the boundaries proposed to be adopted for the purposes of the said Act; and did make further inquiry, and report according to the directions of the said Board.

26 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

And whereas copies of such further Report, accompanied by a notice stating that within the time directed by the said Act written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as requirea by the said Act; and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

And whereas it appears to the said General Board to be expedient that the said Public Health Act, except as herein-after mentioned, should be applied to a district comprised within so much of the boundaries set forth and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and shown by the red line on the map accompanying Mr. Dickens's printed Report to the General Board of Health, bearing date the 30th July 1856, as lies within the aforesaid Parish of Llangollen, and described on that map as the "Boundary of the proposed new District;" but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now THEREFORE, in pursuance of the powers vested in the said Board by the Public Health Act, 1848, the said General Board of Health do, by this Provisional Order under my hand as President of the said Board, and under its official seal, order and direct, That from and after the day appointed for the first election of the Local Board of Health by any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The Public Health Act, 1848, and every part thereof, except the Section numbered 50 in the copies of that Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers, shall apply to and be in force within and throughout so much of the entire area, places, and parts of places comprised within the boundaries set forth and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, (and shown by the red line, described as the "Boundary of the proposed new District," on the map accompanying Mr. Dickens's printed Report to the General Board of Health, bearing date the 30th July 1856,) as lies within the aforesaid Parish of Llangollen, being the parts within which the said inquiry and further inquiry have been made, and that such area, places, and parts of places so comprised within the said Parish of Llangollen shall be and constitute a district, for the purposes of the said Public Health Act, to be called the Llangollen District.

2. — That the Local Board of Health, to be elected under the said Public Health Act, shall consist of nine persons to be elected for the whole of the said District.

3. — That one third in number of the said Local Board shall go out of office on the Twenty-fifth day of March in each year subsequent to that in which the first election of the said Local Board takes place.

4. — That every person shall at the time of his election as member of the said Local Board, and so long as he shall continue in office, by virtue of such election, be resident, as in the Public Health Act, 1848, is required, and be seised and possessed of real or personal estate, or both, to the value or amount of not less than three hundred pounds, or shall be so resident and rated to the relief of the poor of the said parish, or of some township or place of which some part is within the said District, upon an annual value of not less than fifteen pounds.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3. 27

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

5. — That at the first election of the said Local Board, Major Charles John Tottenham, of Berwyn House, near Llangollen, shall have the powers and perform the duties vested in or imposed upon the chairman of the Local Board of Health by the Public Health Act, 1848, in relation to any election by owners of property and ratepayers, and shall perform all other duties which it may be requisite for him to perform in conducting and completing the said first election; and in case the said Major Tottenham, from illness or other sufficient cause, shall be unable to exercise or discharge such powers or duties, or shall be absent, or shall refuse to act, then Ebeneezer Cooper, Gentleman, of Llangollen, shall exercise and perform such of the said powers and duties as then remain to be exercised or performed; and the said chairman may be elected a member of the said Local Board.

6. — That the fourteen days' notice of qualification required by the Public

Health Act, 1848, to be given by owners of property in order to entitle them to vote at the said first election shall be given to the said Major Tottenham, at Messrs. Richards's Offices at Llangollen; or in case he shall refuse or be unable to receive the same, then to the said Ebeneezer Cooper, at his residence at Llangollen.

Given under my Hand and under the Seal of the General Board of Health, this Fifteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

(L.S.) (Signed) W. Cowper.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The boundary of the District of the Llangollen Local Board of Health, referred to in the preceding Order, is marked by a red line upon the map accompanying Mr. Dickens's Report, addressed to the President of the General Board of Health, and bearing date the 30th July 1856, the said red line being described on that map as the "Boundary of proposed new District but the said boundary is only to be taken to include the portions of the parish of Llangollen lying within it, and not to include any part of the adjoining parish of Llantysilio. The said red line is formed on the northwest and south-east sides by a circle drawn from the centre of the tower of the parish church at a radius of one mile and three furlongs; and on the north-east and south-west sides by lines drawn at a distance of one mile from the centre of the tower of the church at right angles to a line drawn through the centre of the tower of the said parish church and the centre of Castle Dinas Bran, until such lines intersect the before-mentioned circle drawn at a radius of one mile and three furlongs from the centre of the tower of the church, — the District of the said Local Board being confined to those portions of the parish of Llangollen alone which are included within the said red line, and not to comprise any portions of the adjoining parish of Llantysilio.

28 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

DUKINFIELD.

Provisional Order for the Application of the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Dukinfield, in the County of Chester.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, the General Board of Health, upon the joint petition of not less than one tenth of the inhabitants rated to the relief of the poor of and within so much of the Township of Dukinfield in the County Palatine of Chester as is not included within the limits or boundaries of the Town of Stalybridge, the said portion of the said Township being commonly called Dukinfield, and being a place having a well-known or defined boundary, (the number of the said petitioners exceeding thirty in the whole,) directed William Banger, one of their Superintending Inspectors, to visit the said part of the said Township, and to make public inquiry, and to examine witnesses as to the sewerage, drainage, and supply of water, the state of the burial grounds, the number and sanitary condition of the inhabitants, and as to any Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said part for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating, supplying with water, or improving the said part of the said Township, or having relation to the purposes of the said Act; also, iis to the natural drainage areas, and the existing parochial or other local boundaries, and the boundaries which might be most advantageously adopted for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given the notices required by the said Act, proceeded upon the said inquiry in the manner directed by the said Act, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the several matters with respect to which he was so directed to inquire as aforesaid, and upon certain other matters in respect of which he deemed it expedient to report for the purposes of the said Act.

And whereas copies of the said Report, accompanied by a notice stating that, within the time directed by the said Act, written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as required by the said Act, and the * time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

And whereas it appears upon such Report that there is a certain Local Act in force within the said part of the said Township having relation to the purposes of the said Public Health Act, that is to say,

An Act passed in the Sixth year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act for better supplying with Water the Township of Dukinfield in the County Palatine of Chester."

And whereas it appears to the said General Board to be expedient that the said Public Health Act should be applied to the said portion of the said Township; but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now, therefore, the said General Board of Health, in pursuance of the powers vested in them by the Public Health Act, 1848, do, by this Provisional Order under the hand of their President, and under their official seal, order and direct.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.3. 29

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

That from and after the day appointed for the first election of the Local Board of Health by any Act of Parliament confirming this order : —

1. — The Public Health Act, 1848, shall apply to so much of the Township of Dukinfield in the County Palatine of Chester as is not included within the limits or boundaries of the Town of Stalybridge, and that the portion of the Township to which the said Act is so applied shall be called the Dukinfield District.

2. — The Local Board of Health shall consist of fifteen persons, to be elected for the whole of the said District.

3. — One Third in number of the said Local Board shall go out of office on the twenty-fifth day of March in each year subsequently to that in which the first election takes place.

4. — Every person shall, when elected, and while he continues a member of the said Local Board, be resident, as in the Public Health Act, 1848, is required, and be possessed of real or personal estate, or both, to the amount of not less than one thousand pounds, or shall be so resident and rated to the relief of the poor of the said Township upon an annual value of not less than thirty pounds.

5. — At the first election of the said Local Board, William Bass, Esquire, of Dukinfield Lodge, Dukinfield, shall perform the duties which it may be requisite for him to perform in conducting the said first election; and in case the said William Bass, from illness or other sufficient cause, shall be unable to discharge such duties, or shall be absent, or shall refuse to act, then Edward Hyde, Esquire, of Oxford Road, Dukinfield, shall perform such of the said duties as then remain to be performed.

6. — The fourteen days' notice of qualification required by the Public Health Act, 1848, to be given by owners of property in order to entitle them to vote at the said first election shall be given to the said William Bass, at his residence, Dukinfield Lodge aforesaid, or in case he shall refuse or be unable to receive the same, then to the said Edward Hyde, at his residence in Oxford Road, Dukinfield, aforesaid.

Given under my hand and under the Seal of the General Board of Health, this Twelfth day of February in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

(L.S.) (Signed) William Monsell. President.

WISBECH AND WALSOKEN.

Provisional Order for altering the Constitution of the Local Board for the Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken.

General Board of Health.

Whereas, by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 14th day of May, 1852, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, (No. 2,) the Public Health Act, 1848, was applied to the District

30 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3.

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

of Wisbech, in the County of Cambridge, for all purposes of that Act, and to the District of Wisbech and Walsoken, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, for the purposes of main sewerage only.

And whereas it appears to the General Board of Health that alterations should be made in certain provisions of the said Order, numbered 4, 7, and 8 respectively, for the constitution of the Local Board of Health for the said Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken.

And whereas the said General Board have, in pursuance of the provisions of the said Act, directed William Ranger, a Superintending Inspector appointed for the purposes of the said Act, to visit the said District, and to make further public inquiry, and to examine witnesses as to the alteration of the said provisions.

And whereas the said Superintending Inspector, having previously given the notices directed by the said Act, proceeded upon the said further inquiry in the manner directed by the said Act, and hath reported in writing to the said General Board upon the said matter with respect to which he was directed to inquire.

And whereas copies of the Report on such further inquiry, accompanied by a notice stating that written statements might be forwarded to the said Board with respect to any matter contained in or omitted from the said Report, or any amendment proposed to be made therein, have been duly published and deposited as directed by the said Public Health Act, and the time for forwarding such statements has now elapsed, and no such statements have been received by the said Board.

And whereas it appears to the said General Board to be expedient that the said provisions should be altered, but the same cannot be done without the authority of Parliament.

Now therefore, the said General Board of Health, in pursuance of the power vested in them by the Public Health Act, 1848, under the hand of their President and under their official seal, order and direct: —

That from the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The provisions numbered 4, 7, and 8 in the said Provisional Order shall be repealed.

2. — The Local Board of Health for the said Main Sewerage District of Wisbech and Walsoken shall consist of the Mayor for the time being of the said Borough of Wisbech and twenty-nine other persons, of whom twenty-three shall be selected by the Council of the said Borough out of their own number, or out of the persons qualified to be councillors of the said Borough, and six shall be elected by the owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situated within the said Parish of Walsoken.

3. — The qualification, going out of office, and the day of election of the members to be elected for the said Parish shall remain as fixed by the herein-before recited Provisional Order.

4. — The Mayor for the time being of the Borough of Wisbech shall conduct the first election of the six persons to be elected members of the Local Board for the said Main Sewerage District; and in case the said Mayor, from illness or other sufficient cause, shall be unable to conduct the said election, or shall refuse to act, then the clerk for

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 3. 31

Public Health Supplemental Act (1857).

the time being of the Local Board of Health of the said Borough, for all purposes of the Public Health Act, shall act in his stead.

5. — The fourteen days' notice of qualification required by the Public Health Act, 1848, to be given by owners of property in order to entitle them to vote at the said first election of such six members, as last aforesaid, shall be given to the said Mayor at the office of the said Local Board of Health of the said Borough, in Wisbech Saint Peter, in the said Borough, or, in case he shall refuse or be unable to receive the same, then to the said clerk at the same place.

Given under my Hand as President of the General Board of Health, and under the Seal of the said Board, this Second day of February, in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

(L.S.) (Signed) W. Cowper.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the Subjects of the Ionian States to hold Military and Naval Commissions under the Crown.

[9th March 1857.]

WHEREAS the united States of the Ionian Islands being, by the Treaty concluded at Paris on the Fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, between His Majesty King Qeorge the Third and the Emperors of Austria and Russia and the King of Prussia, placed under the immediate and exclusive Protection of the Crown of the United Kingdom, it is expedient that Her Majesty should be enabled to grant Military and Naval Commissions to Subjects of the said States: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Power to grant Commissions to Subjects of the Ionian Islands.]

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to grant Commissions to any Power to Persons, being Subjects of the united States of the Ionian Islands, to serve as Officers in any of Her Majesty's Forces, by Sea or Land, other than the Militias of England, Scotland, and Ireland

34 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.4.

Ionian Subjects Commissions.

respectively, and such Commissions and the Service thereunder shall be as lawful as if such Persons were natural-born Subjects of Her Majesty.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. V.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of " The Acts for the Inclosure, " Exchange, and Improvement of Laud," issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and have in their Twelfth Annual General Report certified their Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Inclosures mentioned in Schedule may be proceeded with.]

I. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

[For ascertaining, &c. the Compensation to be paid to Persons interested in Portions of Bowes Moor in the County of York.]

II. And whereas by the Private Act, Six George the Third, Chapter Seventy, "for dividing and inclosing certain open Grounds or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bowes in the County of York" the Powers contained in the following Enactment were granted for ascertaining, determining, and recovering the Compensation to be paid to the Persons interested in the Portions of the said Moor

38 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.5.

Commons Inclosure.

divided and allotted under the Powers of the said Act by reason of the searching for, winning, and working the Mines and Quarries of Lead and Coal within and under the said Moor, and of leading away the Lead and Coal obtained from such Mines and Quarries by Wingate Pulleine, the then Owner of the said Mines of Lead and Coal, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Lessees or Tenants: Be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as any Person entitled under this Act, or the said Provisional Order, to any Allotment upon the said Moor called Bowes Moot, shall sustain any Loss or Damage in his Allotment upon the said Moor by the searching for, winning, or working the Mines and Quarries of Lead and Coal under the sajd Moor, as well opened as unopened, now belonging to James Pulleine of Crakehall in the County of York, Esquire, or his Lessees' or Tenants, or the leading and carrying away the Lead and Coals which shall arise out of the same Mines and Quarries respectively by the said James Pulleine, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Lessees or Tenants, then, upon Complaint thereof made by such Person so damnified as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of York (Notice of such intended Complaint having been first given by such Person on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Bowes in the said County of York on'some Sunday Morning at least Ten Days next preceding such Complaint), such Justice is hereby empowered and required to examine and inquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, either by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer, or by such other Evidence or Proofs, Ways and Means, as to him shall seem requisite and expedient in that Behalf, and to assess, settle, and determine the Damages sustained by such Person as aforesaid, which Damages shall be paid and borne by the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being of such Allotments upon the said Moor in which such Damage shall be committed, and of the several other Allotments to be made thereon in pursuance of this Act, according to the respective yearly Rents or Values of such Allotments, in such Proportions and Shares as the said Justice shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person chargeable with or liable to contribute to such Damages as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her said Proportion thereof, within a Time to be limited by such Justice, to such Person so injured as aforesaid: respectively, then and in every such Case so happening the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal respectively, shall and he is hereby required to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so neglecting or refusing the same as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, from Time to Time, after the reasonable Charges of each such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.5. 39

Commons Inclosure.

[Short Title.]

III. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression "The Annual Inclosure Act, 1857," or "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

## Table begins

Inclosore. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Tresparrett Down Cornwall 5th June 1856.

North Baddesley Southampton 1st August 1856.

Hulham Common Devon 31st July 1856.

Gamblesby Fell and Viol Moor Cumberland 18th September 1856.

Broadbridge Sussex 31st July 1856.

Whittlebury Northampton 20th November 1856.

Whittlebury (Alderton) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Whittlebury (Grafton Regis) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Whittlebury (Paulerspury) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Passenham (Passenham with Deanshanger) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Passenham (Potterspury with Yardley Gobion) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Passenham (Wicken) Northampton 20th November 1856.

Chiltington Common Sussex 4th December 1856.

Ashmore Dorset 11th December 1856.

Cossoy Norfolk 4th December 1856.

Burntwood Stafford 23d July 1856.

Holme Common Norfolk 30th October 1856.

Hunstanton Common Norfolk 30th October 1856.

Darsingham Norfolk 20th November 1856.

Bowes Moor York 15th May 1856.

Chilworth Common Southampton 1st January 1857.

Westbourne Sussex 28th January 1857.

The Deep Meadows Lancaster 22d January 1857

Ashwell Hertford 22d January 1857.

Petersfield Southampton 22d January 1857.

## Table ends

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VI.

An Act to reduce the Rates of Duty on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of the several Acts now in force relating to the Income Tax certain Hates of Duty have been granted for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains in the said Acts specified, and the aggregate Amount of such Rates chargeable for the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven is the Rate of One Shilling and Fourpence for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains respectively, subject to certain Deductions, Abatements, and Relief in the several Cases in the said Acts specified: And whereas it is expedient to reduce the said Rates of Duty for the Year commencing as aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Reduced Rate of 7d. in the Pound to be charged for the Year commencing from the 5th April 1857.]

I. In lieu of the Rates of Duty chargeable under the several Acts in force relating to the Income Tax for the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, there shall be charged, raised, collected, and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains chargeable under the said several Acts, the reduced

42 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.6.

Income Tax.

Rate of Sevenpence for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains; subject to a further Reduction of the Rates now in force, in the same Proportion that the Rate of Sevenpence bears to the Rate of One Shilling and Fourpence, in the several Cases mentioned or referred to in the Second Section of the Act passed- in the Eighteenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty: Provided nevertheless, that where under the last-mentioned Enactment any Person is now chargeable with the Rate of Elevenpence Halfpenny for every Twenty Shillings of his Property, Profits, and Gains, he shall be chargeable, for the Year commencing as aforesaid, at the Rate of Fivepence for every Twenty Shillings of his Profits and Gains.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by

[1 G. 1. st. 2. c. 13.]

an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Statute Two, Chapter Thirteen;

[13 C. 2. st.2. c. 1.]

or to have qualified themselves according to an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two, Chapter One;

[25 C. 2. c. 2.]

or according to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Charles the Second, Chapter Two;

[30 C. 2. st.2.]

or according to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, Statute Two;

[8 G. 1. c. 6.]

or according to an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the First, Chapter Six;

[9 G. 2. c. 26.]

or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-six;

[18 G. 2. c. 20.]

or according to an Act of the Eighteenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty;

[6 G. 3. c. 53.]

or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-three;

[9 G. 4. c. 17.]

or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventeen;

[10 G. 4. c. 7.]

or according to an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices, or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit, or Corporate Offices, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Acts or either of them, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities: For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions,

46 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.7.

Indemnity.

be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,' by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.]

I. All and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths or made the Declarations required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or bj reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by, any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts.and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

[Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the oaths and declaration]

II. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.7. 47

Indemnity.

[required by the Irish Act, 2 Anne, c. 6.]

in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne, required by intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery:

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed .and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament.

[Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.]

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

[Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.]

IV. Provided also, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

[Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after the Time allowed.]

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid:

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid

48 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.7.

Indemnity.

to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

[Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.]

VI. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up apd enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

[General Issue.]

VII. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1357.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

[21st March 1857.]

[14 & 15 Vict. c. 53.]

WHEREAS under an Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Fifty-three,) to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts, certain Powers of appointing Commissioners and other Officers as therein mentioned were limited to continue for Two Years next after the Day of the passing of that Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no Commissioner or other Officer or Person appointed or continued under that Act was to hold his Office for a longer Period than Two Years next after the Day of the passing of that Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

[16 & 17 Vict. c. 124.]

And whereas by the Acts of the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-four, and of the Session holden in the Eighteenth

50 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 8.

Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, &c.

[18 & 19 Vict. c. 52.]

and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-two, the said Powers of appointing Commissioners and other Officers have been continued, and the Period limited for the holding of Office under the said first-mentioned Act has been extended until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Powers of the said first-mentioned Act should be continued, and that the said Period thereby limited should be extended as herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Powers of Appointment of Commissioners &c. under 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. continued.]

The Powers of appointing Commissioners and other Officers limited to continue as aforesaid by the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty shall be further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the Period limited for the holding of Office under the said Act shall in like Manner be extended until the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. IX.

An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on the Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre, in consideration of his eminent Services.

[21st March 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did, by an humble Address to Your Majesty, pray Your Majesty that you would be graciously pleased to confer some signal Mark of Your Royal Favour upon the Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre, Speaker of the House of Commons, for his great and eminent Services performed to his Country during the long and important Period in which he had with such distinguished Ability and Integrity presided in the Chair of the House, and did assure Your Majesty that whatever Expense Your Majesty, should think proper to be incurred upon that Account, the said House would make good the same: And whereas Your Majesty in answer to the said Address was graciously pleased to declare that Your Majesty was desirous, in compliance with the Wishes of Your faithful Commons, to confer upon the said Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre some signal Mark of Your Royal Favour, but as the same could not be effectually granted and

54 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.9.

Mr. Speaker's Retirement.

secured without the Concurrence of Parliament, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons the Adoption of such Measures as might be necessary for the Accomplishment of that Purpose: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds net be granted to Your Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said Annuity to commence upon and take effect from the Day on which the Right Honourable Chades Shaw Lefevre shall cease to hold the Office of Speaker of the House of Commons, to be settled in the most beneficial Manner upon and to continue during the Life of him the Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty; by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[An Annuity of 4,000l. to be paid to the Right Honourable C.S. Lefevre.]

I. One Annuity of Four thousand Pounds shall be payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by former Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund), and the same shall from Time to Time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, except Income Tax, to the said Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre during his natural Life, which and Annuity shall commence and take effect upon the Day upon which he the said Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre shall cease to hold the Office of Speaker of the House of Commons, the First Payment to be computed from the said Day until the ensuing Quarter Day, and from thenceforth shall be paid at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say,) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April, by equal Portions.

[Treasury to direct Payment of the Annuity.]

II. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands to direct the Payment of the said Annuity according to the Provisions herein-before contained.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 9. 55

Mr. Speaker's Retirement.

[Time at which the Right Hon. C. S. Lefevre deemed to have ceased to hold the Office of Speaker.]

III. Provided, that for the Purposes of this Act, and also of the Act of the Session holden in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and five, the said Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefecre shall be deemed to have ceased to hold the Office of Speaker of the House of Commons upon the Day of the Dissolution of this present Parliament.

[One Half of the Annuity to abate in case he should hereafter hold Office.]

IV. Provided also, that One Half of the said Annuity shall abate and be suspended during any Period in which the said Right Honourable Charles Shaw Lefevre may hereafter hold any Place,Office, or Employment under Her Majesty of equal or greater Amount in Salary, Profits, or Emolument than the Amount of such Annuity.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. X.

An Act to continue certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

[21st March 1857.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act amend the Law as 10fell Vict. to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England, by which it was enacted, c* "* that certain of the Provisions therein contained should continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and, if Parliament were then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament; and such Provisions have been continued by sundry Acts until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions should be further continued: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the P said

58

Certain Provisions of recited Act further con-tinned.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 10.

Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

said Provisions of the said Act shall continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottisw'oode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIA REGINLE.

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend the Commissioners of Supply [Scotland) Act, 1856. [21st March 1857.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Third Section of an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Section 3. of Years of Her Majesty's Reigu, intituled Act to constitute all J9^,2°eYlct' legally qualified Persons in Scotland Commissioners of Supply pealed. without being named in an Act of Supply, is hereby repealed.

II. The Clerk of Supply in every County in Scotland shall, prior Clerk of to the Thirtieth Day of April in the present Year, make up a List of maiwupList all Commissioners of Supply of such County entitled to act and vote of Commit-under any subsisting Act of Supply, and the General Meeting of Commissioners of Supply in every County to be held on the said Act of Thirtieth Day of April shall add to such List the Names of all Supply. Persons who shall, prior to the Tenth Day of December last, have lodged Claims to be enrolled under the said recited Act as Commissioners of Supply; provided always, that the said Meeting shall be satisfied of the Qualification of such Claimants.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 11.

Commissioners of Supply (Scotland) Act, 1856, Amendment

Claims to be

III. Before the Twentieth Day of October in each Year every |?lerk the Person desirous of having his Name added to the aforesaid List shall Writing. give in to the Clerk of Supply a Claim in Writing setting forth the Grounds of such Claim, and all such Claims shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of Supply open to the Inspection of any Com-Notice of missioner of Supply till the Thirtieth Day of the said Month; and be^vento*0 anJ Commissioner of Supply intending to object to any Claimant Persons ob- being placed on the List or to any Person on the List remaining jected to. thereon shall, within Ten Days after the said Thirtieth Day of October, give Notice in Writing to the dlerk of Supply of his Intention, and shall also, within the said Period, intimate his having done so to the Person to. be objected to by written Notice transmitted to him by Post, and he shall at the Meeting of the Committee for disposing of Claims and Objections appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act adduce Evidence of his having giver such last-mentioned Notice, or if he fail to adduce such Evidence he shall not be entitled to appear and insist in his Objection before the Committee; and the Clerk of Supply shall give to every Person objected to and to all Persons who may have lodged Claims or Objections respectively Ten Days Notice in Writing of the Time and Place fixed in Terms of the said recited Act for disposing of the same.

Recited Act

and this Act IV. This Act and the said recited Act shall be read as One Act. to be as. One.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, intituled An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases. [21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS by Sections LXVIII., LXIX., and LXX., respectively, of the Act 9 George IV. Chapter LXXXII., certain Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disqualifications are imposed on Persons acting as Commissioners under the said Act, or as Clerks or Treasurers to such Commissioners, in case they shall be interested in or hold any Employment in connexion with any Contract entered into with such Commissioners: And whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Provisions of the said Act Persons becoming Shareholders in or holding Offices or Employments in any Joint Stock Company which may contract with the Commissioners of any Town for the Supply of Water or Gas thereto, or otherwise for the Improvement thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Recited Provisions of Act 9 G. 4. c. 82. (Ireland) not to affect Proprietors in Joint Stock Companies having Contracts for lighting, &c. Towns subject to said Act.

No Commissioner, &c, holding Office to take part or vote in any Contract, &c.

20° VICTORIA Cap. 12.

Lighting of Towns ( IrelanAct Amendment.

I. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the said recited Act or any other Act contained, no Person being a Commissioner for the Execution of the said recited Act, or a Treasurer or Clerk of any Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act be subject or liable to any Forfeiture, Loss of Office, Disqualification, or Penalty, by reason of such Person being a Proprietor of a Share or Shares or a Holder of any Office or Employment in any Joint Stock Company which may have made or may make or enter into any Contract with the Commissioners of such Town acting under the said Act, and no Contract entered into between any such Company and such Commissioners shall be void or voidable by reason of any such Commissioner, Clerk, or Treasurer being interested in such Company as a Shareholder or Officer in the same.

II. Provided always, That no Commissioner interested as a Shareholder or holding any Office or Employment in any Company shall at any Meeting of the Commissioners take part in or vote upon any Arrangements or any Contract with such Company.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINE.

All Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Numbers Forces should consist of One hundred and twenty-six thousand seven *^796 hundred and ninety-six Men, exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments and other Corps employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments and Corps: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty

CAP. XIII.

Quarters.

March 1857.]

S

of

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and Copies printed by the Queen's Printer to be transmitted to Judges, &c.

Persons subject to this Act.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken hotice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at

Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to be transported as a Felon, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to Transportation or Penal Servitude or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Soldiers belonging to the Forces of the East India Company while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to the Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and to Master Gunners, and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving in the Regiment of Royal Engineers or the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, or in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, or in the Field Train or Medical Staff Corps, or serving as Army Schoolmasters, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Forces at home or abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and to all Military Storekeepers and all Civil Officers who are or shall be

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

employed by or act under the War Department at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark,

and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Storekeeper,

Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Provisions Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to ^ extend^ the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Jersey, Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and Guernsey, for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, Or any other of the Offences which are

by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons, who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IV. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, Foreign which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of Provisions this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as of,this Act Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers,

having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to Provision any Militia. Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain

Yeomanry

Corps.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

As to

General

Courts-martial

convened

in Saint Helena, &c.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

VI. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and

against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and , and may

grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of the Commander of

the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Her Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command; provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer is not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VII. A General Court-martial convened in Saint Helena, the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, Honduras, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, or the Settlements on the Coast of China, and Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Newfoundland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, or in any Place out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Ionian Islands and the Places herein-before mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven,

73

20° VICTORIA Cap. 13,

Mutiny.

and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands or in the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and every such General Court-martial shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, Penal Servitude, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not

less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in , the

Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland,- New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and every such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation or Penal Servitude.

IX. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

XI. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Troops serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person

T serving

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships, &c.

As to

Courts-martial in special Cases out of the Queen's Dominions.

As to Appointment of mixed Courts-martial in Cases of Trials of Marines and Soldiers of the East India Company.

As to Presidents of Courts-martial.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Puqsose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such

Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. Where it is necessary or expedient, Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or Officers in the Service of the East India Company, or Officers of both such Services, may sit on Courts-martial together with Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Land Forces, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces only, and the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marines, then the Provisions of such Act as shall be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable; and where the Person to be tried shall be in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of such Act as shall be in force for the Amendment of the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer, though in the actual Service of the said Company, may hold a Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

XIII. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Court, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned; nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a

Regimental

Regimental or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

XIV. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President Proceedings and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, at Tnals-their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who

shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers; and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so as aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made, and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall have been made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate General or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President *, and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the , where -

such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XV. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and As to Authority, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court moning of in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and Witnesses, every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to

give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate

Previous Convictions may be put in Evidence before passing Sentence.

20° VICTORIA Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

cate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions, in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

XVI. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and lor the like Purpose the Court mgy receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book, or the Defaulter Book of the Regimental Corps, Troop, or Company, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any

of

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

of such Books, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as hereinafter provided to the Officer commanding a Regiment or other Corps by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof, duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

XVII. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, where the Offender shall be a Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Land Forces, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as may be, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence (paying for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months U after

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courts-martial to be transmitted to Judge Advocate General.

No Second Trial for the same Offence, but Revision may be allowed

Crimes punishable with Death.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

after the Trial, if the -same took place at Gibraltar at ia the u

ranea&sThree Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XVIII. No Officer or Soldier, who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence-given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XIX. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any 'Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, of join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or ethers, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, of Guard committed to their respective Charge, Or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall deseft Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the

20* VICTORIA, Cap. 13. 79

Mutiny.

Sea, shell - suffer Death: or such other Punishment as .by a Court-martial shall be awarded': . Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier enlisted or in Pay in any Regiment*.

Corps, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist hihiself in any other Regiment,!

Corps, Troop, or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's 'Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XX. No Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Judgment Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein., ' * of Death.

XXX, Whensoever any; General Court-martial by which any; Judgment Soldier shall have been, tried and convicted of any Offence punish- Commuted able> vdth Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital forTrans-Punisbment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, accord- £therPuni°h ing to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon: for ments.

Life; or. for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or may-sentence him to: be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Punish-1 meat of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in th eJBaetIndies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces

in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions (the Ionian Islands excepted) for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for any Term of Years, not less than Fourteen, or to be kept, in PeUal Servitude for, any Term not less than Four Years, or toj suffer such Term of Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, or out of Her Majesty's Dominions (the Ionian Island? excepted), to the Officera commanding as aforesaid.

XXII. Any Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of Her Ma- Embezzie-jesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the War Department, or n,8h'

in anyway, concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Transport# -Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently mis-apply, wilfully damage, steal, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, wilful Damage, or Theft of any; Money, Provisions, Forage, Anns, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's forces or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such

As to Execution of Sentences of Transportation or Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial: and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in

Scotland,or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon or to be kept in Penal Servitude, when such Sentence shall be confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation or Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary-at-War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation or Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation or Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall

Mutiny.

be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported or to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or returning without Leave, of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or,Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be- sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation or Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXIV. Whenever any Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East , or in any Part of Her

Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation or Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in like Manner as for the Transportation or Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and X upon

As to Execution of Sentences of Transportation or Penal Servitude in the Colonies.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, &c.

Mutiny..

upon any such Order being made it. shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East , or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shaE from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sept, and: whilst such Sentence shaE remain in force shalL be liable to be there imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Transportation or Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent: Provided always, that in any Case where a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India,instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into

execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Two Years, either with or without Hard Labour, and Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for disgraceful Conduct as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial* in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed.

XXVII. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding

seeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes.

XXVIII. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any Court-mar-other Punishment whatsoever which it may be competent to award, Edition'to* sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional otherPunish-Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to of Pay and Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have Penaion-accrued from past Service or might .accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of the Annuity and Medal. which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former good Conduct, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct, —

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for the Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band,

- or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or

-producing the same as true, knowing the 6ame to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent

Nature,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Nature., to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

Forfeiture of XXIX. Every Soldier who shall be found guilty by a Court-found'guilty martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any of Desertion, other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, Conviction or caus*ng himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, for Felony, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service, or of tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement under Sentence of Court-martial, or for Debt,&c.;

XXX. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Reengagement or Prolongation of Service as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or whilst in Arrest for Debt; or when Prisoner of War until Inquiry shall be made;

was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged; and no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence; but "upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

had served with or under or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Soldier who shall or w!ietnd of be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in Desertion or addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay of Absence for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, Leave1; or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall or when absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five out^eare!*1" Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of not exceed-the Commanding Officer, or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any Days*'6 other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented himsell as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself, and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited; Provided always, that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment orForfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Pro' iso. Secretary-at-War to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXI. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier for being Forfeiture drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Drunken^ Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk ness on Duty, when on any Duty not under Arms or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in Y either

Mutiny.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

Stoppages.

either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

XXXII. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Soldier shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Soldier of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided always, that a Soldier so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay, who shall be quartered at or removed to a Station where Liquor forms Part of his Ration and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay for so long a Time as he shall remain at such Station and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXIII. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct: Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Horse, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he. may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal for Service in the Field or for general good Conduct which may have been granted him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Horse, Clothing, Instruments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries of any Officer or Soldier, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct: Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of any Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his Messing and Washing, so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXIV. Whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or if in the East Indies for the Officer commanding in Chief the Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

XXXV. On the 'first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXVI. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial

Tower to discharge Soldiers with Ignominy.

Marking

Deserters.

Tower of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-marti&L

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offences.

Terms and Places of Imprisonment under Sentences of Courts-martial.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Soldier be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement; provided that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Regimental or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to such Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XXXVII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, or of Transportation, passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation respectively may exceed the 'Perm for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIir. Save as herein-before specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude, Transportation, or of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and under the Sentence of any other Court-martial shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XXXIX. It shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected,

Mutiny.

or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison, which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised, by the Secretary-at-War; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persons as the Secretary-at-War may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the Secretary-at-War may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary-at-War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

XL. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-Z martial,

As to the Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

Provision for Subsistence of Soldiers when imprisoned in

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny,

martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

XLI. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLII. The Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

lations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account Common of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary-at-War shall cause to be issued out

of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLIII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House Expiration of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe, Soldiers in that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give, if in Great Britain to the Secretary-at-War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

XLIV. Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Corps, Troop, Musters, and or Company in Her Majesty's Service, twice at least in every Year, ^"n^ient at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Officer, or Soldier, or Musters, other Person liable to be mustered shall be absent from such Musters unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Officers, Soldiers, or other Persons, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in allitbi thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

XLV. Every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Trials for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully SiprrolSe-enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps and quent Hebe a Deserter therefrom, and whether such Soldier shall be tried for en,'stment'

deserting

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13

Mutiny.

deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or for deserting from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

t

XLVI. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is- situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary-at-War, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary-at-War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary-at-War a Report stating the Names of the

Persons

93

20° VICTORIA Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the Secretary-at-War shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary-at-War, and transmit also to the Secretary-at-War a Copy of the Commitment, to. the end that such Secretary-at-War may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or, if the Regiment or Corps be in the Colony, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding in the Colony a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

XLVII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary-at-War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

XLVIII. Any Recruit who shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he has enlisted shall, on being appre-A a hended,

In the Colonies.

As to tho temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to

joining their Regiments or Corps.

Provision as to

fraudulent

Confession of Desertion,

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

hended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty

mav deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided

always, that all Cavalry Recruits so committed for Desertion shall be transferred to Cavalry Regiments or Corps, and all Infantry Recruits to Infantry Regiments or Corps; and that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty, reserving only for them that Part of the Bounty which is applicable to and required for the Provision of Necessaries.

XLIX. Any Soldier who, while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial, and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forces as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter as aforesaid, he shall be liable to be taken before Two Justices of the Peace, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by them be adjudged to be punished, if in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and consolidating the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or shall be deemed guilty, if in Scotland, of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, as the Case may be,

shall

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13. 95

Mutiny.

shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, as the Case may be, and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished, in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of Her Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

L. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not Furlough in inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within of Slck"

convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall

96

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate or by a Jury to be tried by a Court-martial for the same Offence.

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts amounting to 30l. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to bo taken out of Her Majesty's Ser-

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LI. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by Order of the Comraander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, containing the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, and containing also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

LII. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Service as a Soldier, or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her

97

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bond fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as hereinafter prescribed.

LIII. No Officer of Her Majesty's Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

vice for Debts under 30/., or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

LIV. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LV. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and authorized to enlist Recruits, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and (if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist) the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening , Christmas , or

Good Friday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money Notice of his having so enlisted may be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Land Service he shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before any Justice or other Magistrate residing in the Vicinity of the Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, or before any Justice or other Magistrate acting for the Division, District, or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare that he voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, and in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths; and the Fee for administering each Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is

99

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

hereby required to give under his Hand the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LVI. Any Recruit so appearing before such Justice shall be at Dissent and liberty to declare his Dissent to such enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and upon his returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, together with the full Amount of any Pay which shall have been paid to such Recruit after his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Recruit shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary-at-War and Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; and no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

LVII. If any Recruit shall receive Enlisting Money (knowing it to ^ence8 ,

J o j \ n connected

be such) from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service and with Enlist-

authorized to enlist Recruits, and shall abscond or refuse to go before ment-

such Justice, or shall after his Enlistment absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of

Further Offences connected with Enlistment.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall at the Expiration of such Period of Ninety-six Hours be deemed to be enlisted and to be a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the East India Company, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted, or that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were not taken down in Writing: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had so absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War, in order that in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter.

LVIII. Any Recruit who shall have enlisted into and been attested for Her Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, may be transferred to any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion or Company, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment or Corps, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as Her Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Recruit shall have been enlisted, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought before them, and shall be proved upon Oath upon being attested to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have concealed any such Infirmity, or to have designedly made any false Representation, to adjudge such Recruit, if in , to be a

Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Recruit, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice, at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money or Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or into the Service of the East India Company, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and 7 & 8 G. 4. amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other c- 29-Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws 9 G. 4. c. 55. in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood,

Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any attested Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished or prosecuted, tried and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continuance of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, taken by the Recruit on his Attestation, and of the Certificate then signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in the Oath sworn by him; and Proof upon Oath that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to any Regiment or Corps in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marines, or to the Forces of the East India Company, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and the Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified C c to

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

to the Secretary-at-War by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled as a Volunteer under the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth , Chapter Fifty, or any

subsequent Acts, to serve in the Militia, who at the Time of offering to enlist into Her Majesty's Forces, Army or Marines, or into the Forces of the East India Company, or to enter into Her. Majesty's Navy, shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve in the Militia, and who shall not have completed his Engagement by Attestation or by being entered on die Boohs of the Navy, shall, upon Conviction thereof before! any'Justice of the Peace in the United Kingdom; either upon the; Oath of. One Witness or upon his own Confession, be committed to the ComiHon Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days; and any Man enrolled as aforesaid who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or. shall hereafter confess, to the Justice before whom he shall have been or shall be attested for the Army or Marine Forces, or for the Forces of the East India Company, or who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or shall hereafter confess, on the Completion of his Engagement to enter the Navy, that he belongs to. the Militia, shall not be liable to Imprisonment for such Offence, but shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, or before a Regimental or Naval Court of Inquiry, either upon his own Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness, forfeit all Militia Bounty, which would have become payable to him during the Period of his belonging to Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or to the Forces of the East India Company, or to the Royal Navy, if he had not therein enlisted or entered, and be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day from his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary-at-War shall direct; or if enrolled in the Militia as a balloted Man or Substitute shall, if convicted before any One Justice as aforesaid, be committed to ,the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and such Person, whether he shall have been enrolled as a Volunteer or as a balloted Man or Substitute, shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Farces, into which he shall have so enlisted, or to the Navy into which he shall have entered: Provided always, that every such Person so enlisted shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which be has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall

remain

103

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, or if he had entered the Navy to the Rules and Regulations by which that Force is governed, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, or from the Navy, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps, or in the Navy as aforesaid.

LIX. Every Military Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service or for the Service of the East India Company shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LX. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re-enlisting or of enlisting abroad r Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary-at-War in that Behalf, to authorize the Governors of Colonies, and of the several Presidencies in India, to appoint any Person, not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, or for any Justice of the 'Peace or Magistrate acting for the Place of such Enlistment, and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest; out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting

into Her Majesty's' Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the-United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier; and every Infantry Soldier consenting to be transferred to the Cavalry or Artillery shall upon such Transfer

become

Punishment of Officers offending against Laws regarding Enlistment.

Enlistment and Reenlistment abroad.

Enlistment of Negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liablo to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of

Masters to Apprentices.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

become liable to serve the limited Period prescribed for the Cavalry or Artillery, as the Case may be, notwithstanding his original Engagement to serve in the Infantry for a shorter Period.

LXI. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

LXII. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service or in the East India Company's Service, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in

the

Mutiny.

the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer, shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

LXIII. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by Punishment his Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Re- of Appren-cruiting Party except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and ;ng. within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by

106 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as lie may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

Wages of

LXIV. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any enlisting. Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which be had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit 'a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

Removal of LXV. And whereas certain Soldiers who have heretofore been Attestation*0 duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath of Allegiance of Soldiers, and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Soldiers have been so sworn and attested were duly qualified to administer to such Soldiers the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: In every Case where any such Soldier, having been duly enlisted, shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of any such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed during the last Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13. 107

Mutiny.

and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes and, in like Manner as if he had been duly attested and sworn. '

LXVI. No Secretary-at-War, Paymaster General of the Army, Authorized Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, made from out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Amy or ^jmy^ from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

Other i than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required by Her Majesty's Regulations, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary-at-War; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay .shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service; provided, as aforesaid; that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to give Orders for withholding' the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty, or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it until Her Majesty's Orders shall .have been signified by the Secretary-at-War.

LXVII. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of Suspending King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with the sojourning Acts herein of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the recited-Parliament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to plaoe, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act 6 Anne, c. 14. to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any Time thereafter have received or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their March as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof, should be commanded to march from One Part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

Certain Requirements of 6 Anne, c. 14. (I.) as to billeting in Ireland, not now necessary.

LXVIII. And whereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Magistrate or Constable should be obliged to find Quarters for or give Billets to more or other Soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Surnames should be delivered to him in Writing under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or Billets for such Soldiers at the Time such Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names should be written together and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian and Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the Name of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in Writing by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier, and be contained in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enactment: It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon the Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any List of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

109

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

LXIX. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and How and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in Britain and Troops may

Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and be billeted. Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-Pensioners when assembled as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on- actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men * in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at least where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers

no

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in hiB House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then * and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place, with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses.

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

LXX. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except

the

20' VICTORIA, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

the City of London) and in the County of and in the

Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

LXXI. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LXXII. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain, except when on the March and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers

with

Military Officers not to act as Justices in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

112

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain, for Oats, Hay, and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are billeted, the Sum of Fourpence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, pay the Constable of the Parish or Place a Sum of Money sufficient to settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, together with a further Sum of One Shilling for every Pound or Part of a Pound due to such Victuallers or other Persons as a Compensation to such Constable for his Trouble in the Matter, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officers shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary-at-War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and any Constable who shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause omit to pay over to such Victuallers or other Persons any Money paid to him for the Purpose of paying the same over as aforesaid, within the Space of Forty-eight Hours after the Receipt of the same by him as aforesaid, shall be liable, on Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the Amount so paid to him, and not paid over by him as aforesaid; and in case any Soldier

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.13. 113

Mutiny.

be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LXXIII. All the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained Definition of relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Terms> Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Powers and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to

Jersey, Alderney, Sar/c, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to Great Britain and Ireland belonging; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and Powers and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct ^fo Billets, of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages,

Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages,

Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of . Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Me-theglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when

there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary:

Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Britain Exemptions

in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the ll0ra Authority of the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller

Supply of Carriages.

Bates to be paid for Carriages

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

tiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LXXIV. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

LXXV. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary-at-War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said

and Regulations relating thereto.

116 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from , at least Twenty-four Hours

Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at , his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be 'detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

Supply of

LXXVI. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant

focSSTof

or Chief Governor of Ireland, by Her or their Order,

Emergency, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary-at-War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXVII. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assem- Justices bled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without ^reimburse Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Constables Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Upended Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner by them, as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Juris- . dictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by . which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-five.

LXXVIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Routes in Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant Ireland-under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXIX. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper ToU9*

Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their G g Horses

Ferries.

Marching Money on Discharge,

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

20° VICTORIES, Cap. 13 .;

Mutiny.

Horses and Baggage, (but not when passing in any hired or private Vehicle,) and all Recruits, marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggf^e, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing, along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, other-: wise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter, to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any. of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein' contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in, conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXX. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time,-and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LX XXI. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he shall so require, to Orgeat Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater pistance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

LXXXII. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary -at-War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix,

such

lid

20 VICTORIA, Cap. 13.

Mut.

such Notification oil the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXXIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony, or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on- Application. being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse, to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, , or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or. in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

LXXXIV. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary-at-War, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, pr by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with suqh Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an Amy Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with.

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty for inducing Soldiers to desert.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

LXXXV. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXXVI. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

LXXXVII. All the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVIII. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

121

such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LXXXIX. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XC. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for H h every

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

122

Certain Provisions of Acts for 1 regulating Gaoh to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

i- m VICTORIM, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not lest that! Thtee'of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding. Seventy-two Hours, in addition to so much of, the Time for which he was .originally sentenced as may then be unex-pired; or if sufch Soldier shall, within Forty-eight. Hours of the Expiration of his Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Buies of the Prison, he may, on Conviction thereof by a single Visitor, be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour -or Soli* tary Confinement, for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in addition to his original Sentence; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the. Regulation or better; ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great, shall

be; deemed to apply to all Military Prisons, so far as any such Provision, relates: to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to. use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any Such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or . their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, ib order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices, of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and, all the Provisions contained in any. such . A.ct relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Persdn for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to, all Suits and Actions prosecuted against, any Person acting in pursuance, of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

XCI. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XCII. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for Distin-guishment or- other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided

20° vrCTOMiE, Cap. IK

Mutiny]

vided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession ' or Keeping any sach Anns, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, Shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if afiy Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to Such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove Such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Colonies, on the Recommendation of the Officer for the Time being administering the Government of any such Colony, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such- Amount as may to such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person administering the Government of any such Colony on Her

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets;

Penalty on Toll

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Majesty's Behalf, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Colonial Legislature.

XCIII. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree, for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Twelve Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler

not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, they being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, for themselves, or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any Enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Soldier, or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XCIV. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted b}r One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary-at-War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any I i Soldier

Collectors demanding Toll from Officers, Soldiers, or Carriages;

and on Persons personating Soldiers, &c.

Penalties upon the Military so offending.

Mutiny.

Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except ill the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Penalty °n XCV. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near

without Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it

Leave. enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing

from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Form of Actions at Law.

XCVI. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other. Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in , or in the Court of

Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

Recovery of

Penalties.

XCVII. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victo, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales, respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in for the

Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and , anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCVIII. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary-at-War, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary-at-War.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W. 4.

c. 76.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries to attest their Accounts.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

XCIX. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required; provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

C. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act .in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers, within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

CL All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified before and attested by any Justice without Fee or Reward to himself or to his Clerk.

CLI. All Commissaries upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall make the Declaration described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declaration, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, and if made on Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command,

129

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army to which any such Commissary shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

CIII. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and Adminis-required by this Act may be administered (unless where other- Q^nof wise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration Perjury. in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

CIV. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed Offences against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Mutiny for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against Acts and any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the ^T^,cle9 of same, may, during the .Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CV. And whereas it may be doubtful whether certain Soldiers who Certain have been enlisted for the Medical Staff Corps, the Land Transport Corps, the Army Works Corps, and the Military Train, and as to have been Schoolmasters and Armourer Serjeants, and who have voluntarily duly attested, taken the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Military Pay, have been attested in entire Accordance with the Forms prescribed by the Statutes now in force relating to Enlistment: It is hereby provided, That in every Case where any such Soldier having ( been duly enlisted shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality in his Attestation, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed during the last Session of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like Manner, as if he had been duly attested.

k^th^Forma CVI. And whereas it is expedient to make certain Alterations in ofAttesta- the Forms of Attestation prescribed by the several Statutes now in

tion> force relating to Enlistment: It is hereby provided, That the Question

directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits as to their Willingness to serve, as set forth in the Schedule annexed to the Statute Ten fcS7 11V,ct- and Eleven Victoria, Chapter Thirty-seven, intituled An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army, and in the Schedule to the several Acts heretofore passed for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, may be put in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great 0 Ct* Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven inclusive to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Coast of Africa,from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mutiny.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD. YOU shall duly administer Justice according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of a Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode, or at the Place at which he stated, that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight, but no sooner than Twenty-four, Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday not being counted.

Date__________185 .

you enlisted with at o'Clock * on the Day of

for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the

Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are applicable to the Case], and if you do not come forward

on or before o'Clock * on the

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

for

133

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

for the Purpose of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Soldier without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

Signature of the Officer or Non1 __________

sioned Officer commanding the Party J

Name of the Recruit .....

Residing at .....

Questions to be put separately by the Justice to a Recruit on enlisting.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to Fits ? or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment

of for the Term of [instead of the

Words " in the Regiment of " any Words may be substituted denoting the particular Corps or Service in which the Recruit is willing to serve; the Blank after the Words " Term to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for and Twelve

for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of EighteenYears or but if under

that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be) ], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist ?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers ?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment or Corps in Her Majesty's Army, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

LI 14. Have

Mutiny.

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note. — The Justice is directed in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to forfeit One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Months if attested and to Fourteen Days Imprisonment if he is not attested, and if he belong to the Naval Coast Volunteers he is liable under the Act 16 & 17 Victoria, c. 73. to Imprisonment for Six Months, and his Enlistment will be null and void.

Enlisting for the East India Company's Service.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the East India Company's * for the Term of [ Blank to be filled up

by the Justices with Ten Years for , and Twelve for

Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance , if the Person

enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years upwards; but if

under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be)-\, provided the said Company should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

# The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry, Cavalry, or Artillery, as the Case may be.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation. y do make Oath, That the above Questions have

been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD. Witness my Hand,__________Signature of Recruit.

__________ Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and r

at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice__________

If

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

Ifenlisting for the East India Company's Service, the following is to

be added to the Oath And that I also will be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

1 J One of Her Majesty's

to wit, j Justices of the Peace of do hereby

certify. That in my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to; that the Answers written opposite to them

are those which he gave to me; and that the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence, or within the Division or District or Place for which I act; that I am not an Officer of the Army; and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________Signature of Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Soldier renewing his Service.

J Number do declare, That I am at present

(or was, as the Case may be,) in Captain Company in

the Regiment; {the foregoing Portion of this Declaration

may be altered to suit each particular ]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of

Years; that I am of the Age of Years;

and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, [or in the Forces of the East India Company, as the Case may for a further Term of Years {to be filled up with Eleven

Years in the Infantry, and Twelve in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Infantry or Twenty four in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps,} provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me__________

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form

Mutiny.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has

absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a

and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in

the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my

Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand

at the Day of One thousand eight

hundred and

Sworn before me at this "]

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and J

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an

Apprentice.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That of

came before me at the Day of One

thousand eight hundred and , and made Oath that he

was by Trade a , and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and

that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his

Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.-J of do make Oath, That

was bound to me to serve as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years, and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

Witness, Qc. [as for Apprentice.']

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an

indentured Labourer.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That of

came before me at the Day of

and

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 13.

Mutiny.

and made Oath that was bound to serve as an indentured Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of

Years, and that the said indentured Labourer did on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the

said without his Consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

J do solemnly and sincerely declare, That

I have not applied any Monies or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office; and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter 62, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, and for substituting Declarations in lieu thereof.

Declared before me by the within-named'] this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of or, Commander in Chief or Second in ,et , the Army

serving in et ccetera [as the

Case may he\

M m

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or

" surrendered himself/' as the Case may fe,] on the Day of

and was committed to Confinement at on the Day

of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment of Corps].

Age - -

Height - Feet. Inches.

Complexion -

Hair - -

8 1 1 i i j | i i i

Marks - -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place - -

f Name and Occupation and Address of 1 the Person by whom apprehended

J Particulars in the Evidence on which *S the Prisoner is committed, and j showing whether he surrendered 1 or was apprehended, and in what f Manner, and upon what Grounds

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to. the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he + a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

-----Signature and Address of Magistrate.

— ........ — Signature of Prisoner.

-----Signature of Informant.

f Insert " is M or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him + for Military Service.

----- Signature of Mu

litary Medical Officer, or of || Private Medical Practitioner.

1 Insert " fit " or " unfit,*'as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[21st 1857.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the Prejudice of good N n Order

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

20" VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make, ordain, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the'better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles be subject to be transported as a Felon, or be kept in Penal Servitude, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to Transportation or Penal Servitude, or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority

143

Marine Mutiny.

of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried Limitation and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles " to ^ime' of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Provisions Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the extend°to Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or Jersey, &c. of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall fraudulently confess themselves to be Deserters, or who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IY. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to Theordinary exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordi- £aw notto nary Course of Law when accused of Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any be interfered Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with with* an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender,

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

V. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Commandant of the Division, to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

VI. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may flb proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished

Marine Mutiny.

under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Lord High Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may'granf0 aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants Commission* under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands Qenenri"8 of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of Courts-mar-General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom oft,a1, &c' Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like

Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. A General Court-martial convened in St. , the

Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, , New ,

O o

the

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Divisional and Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, &c.

20° VICTORIA Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

the Australian Colonies, Hong Kong, Prince of Wales Island, Singapore, and Malacca, or the Settlements on the Coast of China, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; if convened in Jamaica, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Newfoundland, Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, or in any Place out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Ionian Islands and the Places hereinbefore mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or in the Ionian Islands, or in the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and every such General Court-martial shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, Penal Servitude, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

IX. A District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, the Cape of Good Hope or other Settlements in Southern Africa, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, Hong Kong, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and every such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that ho such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation or Penal Servitude.

X. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it be found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XI. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the

Officer

20° VICTORliE, Cap. 14. 147

Marine Mutiny.

Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

XII. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any De- AstoCourta-tachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces ^cial m serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint Cases out of made to him of any Offence committed against the Property Dominfons8 or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in1 any Country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding' such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. Where it is necessary or expedient, Officers of Her Majesty's Officers of Land Forces and of the Royal Marines may sit in conjunction on ^ Land* Courts-martial, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order Forces may such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or Marine 1°con'

° junction on

Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Royal Courts-

Marines, then the Proceedings of such Court-martial shall be regu- martia1,

lated according to the Provisions of this Act; but where the Person

+to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Provisions of the Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable.

XIV. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as afore stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c. an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

President of Court-martial.

Proceedings at Trial.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

XV. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

XVI. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President

149

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to thq Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XVII. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath moning to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before Witnesses, such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-Martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Srtewart Courts in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West P p Indies,

150 20° VICTORIES, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Indies,or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons,- or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint nlade, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend bn a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

Previous

XVIII. After any Person subject to this Act has been found

to*be put"in guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any Evidence. such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.14. 151

Marine Mutiny.

of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall he proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

XIX. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such, Report of at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Courts-88 Garrison Court-martial, are required to transmit, with as much martial. Expedition as may be, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence (paying for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial, if the same took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XX. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of No Second any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or Region* any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Finding, allowed. Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XXI. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay Crimea

as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or ^iTeath in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in

152

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Judgment of Death.

Marine Mutiny.

any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine enlisted or in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XXII. No Judgment of Death by Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present, being Members of the Court, shall concur therein.

153

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

XXIII. Whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable by Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any Term of Years, not less than Fourteen Years, or may sentence him to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, or if out of Her Majesty's Dominions (the Ionian Islands excepted) for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon either for Life or for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, either with or without Hard Labour, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, or out of Her Majesty's Dominions (the Ionian Islands excepted) to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

XXIV. Every Officer and other Person employed or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, wilful Damage, or Theft of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any Term of Years not less than Fourteen, or to be kept in Penal Servitude not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks, if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be

Commutation of Death for Transportation, or other Punishment.

Embezzlement punishable by Transportation or Penal Servitude.

Transportation of Offenders.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered; and every Commissioned Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon or to be kept in Penal Servitude, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXV. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation or Penal Servitude Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation or Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Transportation or Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be transported, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation or Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave, of any such Offender: and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his'Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terras in which such Order for his Transportation or Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXVI. Whenever any Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation or Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender in like Manner as for the Transportation or Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising

In the Colonies.

156

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Transportation or Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent: Provided always, that in any Case where a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the Bust , for the Officer

commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Two Years, either with or without Hard Labour and Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Period herein-after prescribed.

Disposal of

XXVII. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Sentence ofF ^ena^ Servitude or Transportation, or when any Marine shall by Transports- Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude or to be transported as

authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude or Transportation to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14. 157

Marine Mutiny.

of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

XXVIII. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Power to in-Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for disgraceful Conduct p^i^h^ent.' as herein-after mentioned, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Power to in-Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, p^jjment1 and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not and Impri-exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, and in case of a Marine sonment.

in addition to Corporal Punishment.

XXX. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form Power to the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom Punishment, of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after prescribed, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes.

XXXI. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Forfeiture Punishment whatever which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Sentence Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded R r for

158

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

for former good Conduct, according to the Nature of th e Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for the Service:

Tn stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXXII. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would,

Marine Mutiny.

if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former. Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXIII. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason Forfeiture of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by ment; reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Reengagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have

been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon or during Absence on

Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence Commitment

of any Court, of during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or under a

Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards con- ^arrest^r

victed, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Debt;

Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine or ,when ,

Prisoner oi

shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, war; or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Marine who shall be convicted or wheu c°n. of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Desertion Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or or Absence Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his £gave. Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself or when ab-without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not itF°ut account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, exceeding or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Five Days. Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunken-

20° VICTORIA Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, anv Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIV. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided, that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXV. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk new on when on any Duty not under Arms or for Duty or on Parade or on Duty' the Line of March to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

XXXVI. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court Stoppages, may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal for Service or for general good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of. or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or. Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his messing and washing, so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking Deserters.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

XXXVII. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or if in the East Indies for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India., in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay, to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

XXXVIII. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Armpit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXIX. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, 'in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solidary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XL. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, or of Transportation, passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude or Transportation to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terras of Imprisonment, Penal Servitude, or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XLI. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude, Transportation, or Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

XLII. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Baid Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or. any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and

Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols,

Their Subsistence in Common Gaols.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLIII. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose, and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One himdred Pounds.

XLIV. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLV. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, previously direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine and the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid, and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the Sum of Two Shillings per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid,

Expiration of Imprisonment in Common Gaols.

Military Prisons established under Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in Army to be deemed public Prisons.

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

20° VICTOR!jE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

shall for every such Misconduct or Offence forfeit and pay thie Stun of One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

XLVII. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster lioll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Rank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two W itnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall «for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.14.

Marine Mutiny.

XLVIII. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified Upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIX. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

L. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if ho Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by thte Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deli ver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, tc the Secretary of

the

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Reenlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters.

20° VICTORIES, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to bis being taken to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or if the Detachment be in the Colony, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not 'be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding in the Colony a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

Penalty on Marines straggling or attempting to desert from Head Quarters.

LI. For and in respect of any Marine straggling or attempting to desert from any Head Quarters who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

LII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House Temporary

of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in Custody of

r 7 . . Deserters m

any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive Gaols, and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted pn the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

LIII. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy Fraudulent or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or ofD^rtion. the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or ', by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending 7 & 8 G. 4. the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected c' 29, therewith., and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled a51 An act9 G. 4. c. 55.

170

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.

20° VICTORIA Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Act for consolidating and amending Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or, if in ,

shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

LIV. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14. 171

Marine Mutiny.

LV. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land Extension of or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, m

or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Sickness. Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LVI. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces Marines as a Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service tbf

only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or Her Majes-on account of Misdemeanor or of any Crime or Offence other than the onfyfor5* Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Felony and Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit ertain Ml8'

° r J demeanors,

of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of or for Debts

Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such

Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some upwards;

Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or

before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of

which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the

Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine but. not liable

or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to ^fHer

appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, Majesty's

or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, SefVICe.for

j' J . not, main-

Order, Warrant, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatever issued taining their by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate,

Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, of Contract, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish,

Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Marine or Person might, if not in

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bond fide Apprentices, duly bound under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

LVII. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LVIII. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit Juror or upon an Inquest shall

173

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine M.

be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

LIX. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money (knowing it to be such) to serve in the Royal Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall, within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money, cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and, if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that within Forty-eight Hours, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included,) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted may be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine he shall within Ninety-six Hours, (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included,) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, unless he shall voluntarily have absented himself or absconded, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, not being an Officer in the Marines, residing in the Vicinity of the Place or acting for the Division or District or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, or where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party shall be stationed, and if such Recruit shall declare that he voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there in the Presence of the said Recruit record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the several Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit, and no other Oaths, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fee for administering such Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in X x the

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Dissent and Belief from Enlistment.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

Marine Mutiny.

the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LX. Any Recruit so appearing before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and upon his repaying the Enlisting Money, and the full Amount of any Pay he may have received as a Recruit, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Recruit shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay all such Money and Pay as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice upon Proof to his Satisfaction that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto and demanding the same: Provided also, that no Recruit who has actually, though erroneously, been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Cause thereof.

LXI. If any Recruit shall receive Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service and authorized to enlist Recruits, and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall after his Enlistment absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall at the Expiration of such Period of Ninety-

175

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

six Hours be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted, or that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were not taken down in Writing: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had so absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he shall be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, Division, District, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his belonging or having belonged to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or the Forces of the East India Company, and discharged, or to have deserted therefrom, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity, or designedly made any false Representation at or previously to the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland,to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money,

7&8G. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty 4. King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King the Fourth,

55. intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and any attested Recruit who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere have committed any of the before-mentioned Offences regarding Enlistment may be summarily punished, or prosecuted, tried, and convicted, for any such Offence, at any Time during the Continuance of the Service for which he shall have enlisted, and in any County or Place where he may happen to be when such summary Proceeding or Prosecution shall be instituted; and the Production of the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed taken by the Recruit on his Attestation, and the Certificate signed by the Justice before whom the Recruit was attested, certifying that the Questions and Answers contained in the Attestation were in his Presence put to and given by such Recruit, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as in the Oath sworn by him; and Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marine or Ordnance, or to the Forces of the East India Company, or that he designedly made any false Representation of any Particular contained in the said Oaths and Certificates or either of them before the Justice at the Time of the Attestation of the Person being prosecuted, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled as a Volunteer under the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, or any subsequent Acts, to serve in the Militia, who at the Time of offering to enlist into Her Majesty's Forces, Army, Ordnance, or Marines, or into the Forces of the East India Company, or to enter into Her Majesty's Navy, shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve in the Militia, and who shall not have completed his Engagement by Attestation or by being entered on the Books of the Navy, shall upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice of the Peace in the

177

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days; and any Man enrolled as aforesaid who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or shall hereafter confess, to the Justice before whom he shall have been or shall be attested for the Army, Ordnance, or Marine Forces, or for the Forces of the East India Company, or who may have denied or shall hereafter deny, or who may have confessed or who shall hereafter confess, on the Completion of his Engagement to enter the Navy, that he belongs to the Militia, shall not be liable to Imprisonment for such Offence, but shall, upon Conviction thereof before any One Justice of the United Kingdom, or before a Divisional or Naval Court of Inquiry, either upon his own Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness, forfeit all Mijitia Bounty which would have become payable to him during the Period of his belonging to Her Majesty's Forces, Army, Ordnance, or Marines, or to the Forces of the East India Company, or to the Royal Navy, if he had not therein enlisted or entered, and be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day from his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of the Admiralty shall direct, or if enrolled in the Militia as a balloted Man or a Substitute shall, if convicted before any One Justice as aforesaid, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and such Person, whether he shall have been enrolled as a Volunteer or as a balloted Man or Substitute, shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end be and serve as a Marine of the Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted or in the Navy into which he shall have entered: Provided also, that every such Person so enlisted shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in which he has so enlisted during all the Time the Militia to which he shall' belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, or if he had entered the Navy, to the Law, Rules, Regulations, and Customs by which the Navy is governed, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines or from the Navy if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in the Marines or in the Navy as aforesaid.

LXII. Every Marine Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, Y y be

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment*

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LXIII. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person

may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

LXIV. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Sendee, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in ,

for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than

Seven,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXV. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken NoAppren- from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her lice.c«med Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and -iLn k» within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, taJ^n away and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire Warrant? into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if Punishment required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit of Appren-

a 'ticGs enlist-

the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or ing.

Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County,

Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXVI. It shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit Servants en-shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for entitled to^ which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit Portion of a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually tlicir Wages-served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the Same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXVII. And whereas certain Marines who have heretofore been Removal of duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath of Allegiance Attestation0

and of Marines.

and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Marines have been so sworn and attested were the proper Justices to administer to such Marines the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore: Be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Marine having been duly enlisted shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of any such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Sendee, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like Manner, as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

Admiralty

LXVIII. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and Pay to bT a^so for sa^ Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord

withheld. High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer

or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

Marines

LXIX. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore: Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person having Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Z z Allowance

Marine Mutiny.

Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

LXX. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days, when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof such a Sum as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, shall at any Time or Times direct, but not less than the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for

:s' each

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

183

Marine. MI

each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or Other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain, for Oats, Hay, and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Persons for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billeted, the Sum of Fourpence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the Officers and Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, pay the Constable of the Parish or Place a Sum of Money sufficient to settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted) together with a further Sum of One Shilling for every Pound or Part of a Pound due to such Victuallers or other Persons as a Compensation to such Constable for his Trouble in the Mattel-, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upou Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer, and any Constable who shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause omit to pay over to such Victuallers or other Persons any Money paid to him for the Purpose of bringing the same over as aforesaid, within the Space of Forty-eight Hours after the Receipt of the same by him as aforesaid, shall be liable on Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above the Amount so paid to him, and not paid over by him as aforesaid; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted

Supply of Carriages.

Rates for Carriages.

to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Officer's Account.

LXXI. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers, therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of tbeir said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

LXXII. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate

Marine Mutiny.

of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carnage One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the .average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight

Providing for Supply of Carriages, &c in Cases of Emergency.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine

of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in 'Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages ih Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time; without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from , at least Twenty-

four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they Shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

LXXIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of , by their or his

Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in , by the

Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or

Marine Mutiny.

navigable River aa shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this A.ct as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers,

Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assem- Justices of bled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without direct Pay-Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such mentofSums Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Qirria^elf01" Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner &c. as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the 2nd and 3rd Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Cap. 65.

LXXV. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or Lord Lieu-other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign depute Per-Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Routes.S gD

Majesty's

Exemption from Toll*.

Marching Money on Discharge*

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in , in the Name of such Lord

Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVI. All Officers and Marines, being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, (but not when passing in any private or hired Vehicle,) and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid or their Baggage or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXVII. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being

Marine Mutiny.

at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

LXXVIII. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Notification Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place g^d^or* in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the bad Conduct Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Marme8* Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of such Notification.

LXXIX. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Mariue in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or. to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse at the Rate 3 B established

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

190 20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse, pr shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall per- sonate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for everjr such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

Penalty upon

LXXX. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him

Mwines ao <luar^er Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall

offending. use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any' Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXXI. Every Marine Officer who shall, without Warrant from Penalty for One or more of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXII. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or Penalty for otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other clothe,'Tc. Person, upon any A ccount or Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or fr0" an7 entice any Marine or Marine Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Anns, Ammunition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

Limitation of Actions*

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other J ustice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXXIII. All the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIV. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXV. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or

Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced

193

Marine Mutiny

menced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or

dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LXXXVI. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or For- Recovery of feiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near .

to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the '

Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate ll&l2 Vict. the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out ofc' 43' Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender mav be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and ,

anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regu- 14 & 15 Vict. lating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices c-of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her * Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been 3 C committed

Marine Mutiny.

committed in the Uniteb Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in ,

or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

Appropria- LXXXVII. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not

Penalties. including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person

who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together

with the Treble Value of such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and

applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His 5 & 6 W. 4. late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide c. 76. jor fa Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

Licences of

LXXXVIII. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, Canteens. within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry, to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

Mode of LXXXIX. Any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose ^Marine' Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore, may summon Settlement. such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so

examined,

20° VICTORIES, Cap. 14

Marine Mutiny.

examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement before an}" Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

XC. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required Administra-by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) tKm°fOathg. by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration Perjury, in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

XCI. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating Definition to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of of Terms. Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns,

Villages, and Places in England and Irel, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other

Chief

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Alterations in Forms of Attestations.

Duration of Act.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

XCII. And whereas it is expedient to make certain Alterations in the Forms of Attestation prescribed by the several Statutes now in force relating to Enlistment: It is hereby provided, That the Question directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits, as to their Willingness to serve as set forth in the Schedule annexed to the Statute 10 & 11 Victoria, Ch. 63., intituled An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces, and in the Schedule to the several Acts heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, may be put in the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

t

XCIII. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred

197

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

and fifty-eight inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar and in Spain and Portugal,from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North Am, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive. 3

198

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Coorts-martiae.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD. YOU shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the skid Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved . neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law.

So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will cot, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode, or at the Place at which he stated that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Marine Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday not being counted.

[. ] 185 .

you enlisted with at o'Clock* on the Day of

185 , for the Royal Marines, and if you do not come forward on or before o'Clock* on the for the Purpose

of being taken before a Magistrate, either to be attested, or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty

# A.M. or P.M. as the Case may be.

Shillings

199

Marine Mutiny.

Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Marine without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

Signature of the Officer'or Non-commie-1 __

sioned Officer commanding the Party J

j Name of the Recruit _ __________

Residing at __________

Questions to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Name?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age?

4. What is your Trade or Calling?

5. Are you an Apprentice?

6. Are you married?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marine

Forces for the Term of [this Blank to be

filled up by the Justice with "Twelve Years," if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or , but if

under that Age then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve j, provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two' Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Fore'ign Station ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and by whom, were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your Enlistment?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

# The Justice is directed, in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to forfeit One Penny & Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, and to Fourteen Days Imprisonment if he is not attested; and if he belongs to the Naval Coast Volunteers he is liable* under the Act Sixteenth and Seventeenth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-three, to Imprisonment for Six Months, and his Enlistment will be null and voidv

Oath

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

do make Oath, That the above Questions have

been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________Signature the Recruit.

__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight

hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of the Justice.

to wit.

}K

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any Distinctive Mark.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace do hereby certify, That the above is the Description of the Recruit; and in my Presence

all the foregoing Questions were put to the said;

that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth Articles of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested,

this Day; that he wa6 not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that [this Blank is to be supplied by the Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence," or by the Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is within the Division, District, or Place for which I act," or by the Words "I am acting within the Division, District, or Place where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party is stationed," as the Case may be]; that I am not an Officer in the Marines, and that 1 have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration

201

20° VICTOR IJ5, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

J do declare, That I am at present [or was, as the Case

may be,} in the Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of

Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve

Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to be filled, up with such Number of

Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years'], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me,

Signature of Marine. Signature of Witness.

I

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has

absconded.

of do make Oath, That I am by Trade

a , and that was bound to serve as an

Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said

did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the

best of my Knowledge and Belief the said Years. Witness my Hand at of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thou- J*

sand eight hundred and . J

is aged about the Day

}l

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace to wit. J* of certify, That of

came before me at the Day of One

thousand eight hundred and , and made Oath that he

was by Trade a , and that was bound

to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of , for the Term of Years;

and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

3 E

Description

202

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 14.

Marine Mutiny.

Description Return of * who was apprehended [or

surrendered himself, as the Case may beJ on the Day

of and was committed to Confinement at on

the Day of as Deserter from the Royal

Marines.

Age - - - -

Height - - - -j f Feet Inches. i

Complexion

Hair - - -

Eyes

Marks - -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where -

Probable Date of Desertion, and froml what Place -1 r

> . r Kafne and Occupation and Address of I the Person by 'vyhom apprehended] t . ... ...... ' r ..

i Particulars of the Evidence, on which r; "1 * T y r

the Prisoner is committed; and ^ .

showing whether he surrendered ^ or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the

Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his CJerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that hef a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

-----Signature and Address

of Magistrate.

«"*» Signature of Prisoner.

-----,-----Signature of Informant.

\ Insert " is " or * I is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the , Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

-----Signature of Military Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

\ Insert " fit " or " unfit," as the Case may be, and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

1

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGESLE.

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting certain Duties of Customs on Tea, Sugar, and other Articles.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs imposed or allowed by any Act or Acts in force relating to the Customs upon the several Articles herein mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

I. That in lieu of the Duties of Customs chargeable on Tea imported into Great Britain and Ireland during the Period herein-after mentioned the following Duties shall be charged; that is to say,

Erom and after Fifth April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to Fifth April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, 1«. 5d. per Pound.

Alteration of Duties on Tea*

Alteration of

Customs Duties on Sugar,

Alteration

of Customs

Duties on

certain

Articles

herein

named.

Custom* Duties.

II. That in lieu of the Duties of Customs chargeable on Sugar imported into Great Britain and Ireland during the Period-4jerein-after mentioned the following Duties shall be charged; that is to say,

From' ahd: after 5th April 1857 to 5th April 1858 inclusive. £ s. d.

Sugab, viz.: —

Candy Brown or "White Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process' equal in Quality thereto - the Cwt. 0 18 4

White Clayed Sugar or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined, or equal in Quality to Refined. - ^ .

the Cwt. 0 16 0

Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - - the Cwt. 0 13 10

Brown Muscovado or any other Sugar, not being equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed Sugar - - - the Cwt. 0 12 8

Molasses ... . the Cwt. 0 5 0

III. That in lieu of the Duties chargeable on the following Articles imported into Great Britain and Ireland during the Period herein-after mentioned the following Duties shall be charged; that is to say,

Cherries, dried -Comfits, dry - - -

Confectionery Ginger, preserved -

Marmalade - -

Plums preserved in Sugar Succades, including all Fruits and Vegetables preserved in Sugar not otherwise enumerated

From and after 5th April 1857 to

6th April 1868 inclusive.

£ s. d.

the Pound

0

0 2

Custom* Duties.

IV. That the Bounties and Drawbacks now payable on the Expor- Bounties and tation of Refined Sugary or on Removal to the. Me Man for Consumption there, shall be continued until the Fifth Day of May named, next, and that from and after that Day, and until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the following Drawbacks shall be allowed on the Exportation, or on the Removal to the Me of Man for Consumption there, of the several Descriptions of Refined Sugar herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

Upon .Refined Sugar' in. Loaf, complete or whole, or Lumps duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout, or Sugar Candy,

for every Cwt.

Upon such Refined Sugar already described, if pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters, for every Cwt.

Upon Refined Sugar, unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 1., approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than Five per Centum Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove, for every Cwt.

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample, No. 2., approved by the Lords of the Treasury,

for every Cwt.

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, being inferior in Quality to the said Export Standard Sample, No. 2., -s for every Cwt.

.i&Ls'

d.

0 17 2

0 17 2

0 16 4

0 15 1 0 12 8

V. The Duties imposed by this Act shall be under the Manage- Doties to be raent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, and shall be under M*.

nagement of

ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied Commis-

or appropriated under the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in

force or hereafter to be made relating to the Customs.

VI. This

Commencement of Act and Short Title.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 15.

Customs Duties.

VI. This Act shall come into operation on the Day of the passing of this Act, and in citing it in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Customs Duties Amendment Act, 1857."

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINJS.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing, and re-imposing tinder new Regulations, the Duty on Race Horses.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, i9&20Vict. Chapter Eighty-two, an annual Duty of Three Pounds c'8*' Seventeen Shillings was imposed for every Race Horse, and it is expedient to amend the Provisions of the said Act regulating the Collection of the said Duty: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Previously to the starting or running of a Race Horse at any Duty im-Race, the Duty by the said Act imposed shall be paid by or on behalf ^ca^bj£e8aid of the Owner or Trainer or other Person having charge of the Horse, paid to the to an Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue R^e-horscf for the Purpose of receiving the same, and to be called the Receiver Duty pre-of Race-horse Duty, who shall give a Receipt for the Duty in such atartfng of18 Form and with such Particulars as herein-after mentioned; and such a Race Payment and Receipt shall free the Owner for the Time being of the Horse' Horse named in such Receipt from any further Payment of the said Duty in respect of the said Horse for the Year ending on the Fifth 3 G Day

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Race-horse Duty Act Amendment.

Day of April next after such Payment; and if the Owner or Trainer

or other Person having charge of any Race Horse shall neglect or omit to pay the said Duty to the said Receiver, and require and take from him such Receipt as aforesaid for the same, previously to the starting or running of such Horse at any Race in any Year ending as aforesaid, such Owner, Trainer, or other Person as aforesaid shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue to provide Rooks of sprinted Forms of Receipts and Counterfoils.

II. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide Books of printed Forms of Receipts with Counterfoils, for the said Duty, and such Forms of Receipts and Counterfoils respectively shall be adapted for the Insertion therein of the Name or Description of the Race Horse, and the Name of the Owner of suph Horse, or the Name of the Person pay ing thie Duty, and also the Date of the actual Payment of the said Duty; and the said Commissioners shall supply a proper and sufficient Number of such Forms to the said Receiver of Race-horse Duty, from Time to Time, whenever he shall apply for the same.

Receiver of Race-horse Duty to give Receipt for Duty on

?rinted orm, and fill up Counterfoil;

To be accountable for Forms of Receipts and Counterfoils supplied to him

III. Whenever the said Duty for any Race Horse shall be paid to the said Receiver of Race-horse Duty, or to any Person employed or authorized by him to receive the same (and for such Person the said Receiver shall be answerable), the said Receiver shall give of cause to be given to the Person paying the said Duty a Receipt for the same upon One of such printed Forms, properly filled up with all the several Particulars for which the same shall be adapted, and signed by the said Receiver with his own Hand, and he shall also properly fill up with all the like Particulars the Counterfoil of such Receipt, and keep the same remaining in the said Book.

IV. The Receiver of Race-horse Duty shall be chargeable with and accountable in manner herein-after mentioned for every such Book of printed Forms of Receipts and Counterfoils with which he shall have been supplied, and shall, upon every Request of any Officer of Inland Revenue authorized by the said Commissioners in this Behalf, produce and show to such Officer all such Books and Forms as may from Time to Time be in the Possession of the said Receiver, and shall account with such Officer for all such Forms of Receipts and Counterfoils respectively as shall have been cut out of or separated from any such Book; and for and in respect of each and every such Form which shall have been so cut out or separated as aforesaid, and for and in respect also of each and every such Form of Receipt and Counterfoil respectively contained in any Book of such Forms delivered to such Receiver, and not produced by him to such Officer, the said Receiver shall be deemed to have received the Amount of the said Duty of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings, and. shall be charged with the same

accordingly,

211

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 16.

Race-horse Duty Act Amendment.

accordingly, as so much Money had and received by him for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

V. The Receiver of Race-horse Duty shall give such Security, by Bond, with Sureties or otherwise, as the Commissioners- of Inland Revenue may deem sufficient and require for duly accounting for and paying over the said Duties, and shall pay over all Monies received by him or for which he shall be chargeable under this Act to the Receiver General of Inland Revenue, or to such other Officer as the said Commissioners may direct, and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners may make in that Behalf; and upon the due Payment of all such Monies, and on the Performance by the said Receiver of Race-horse Duty, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of all Matters and Things required of him by or under the Authority of this Act, he shall have and be entitled to an Allowance at the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on all such Monies paid over by him as aforesaid; and such Allowance shall be paid to him by the said Receiver General or other Officer by Warrant of the said Commissioners.

VI. If the Receiver of Race-horse Duty shall neglect or omit to do or perform any Act, Matter, or Thing required of him by or under the Authority of this Act, or shall do or permit or suffer to be done any Act, Matter, or Thing contrary in any respect to any Injunction or Direction herein contained, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII. Sections Four, Five, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten, and Eleven of the said Act, and so much of Section Twelve as enacts that the Person by whom or in whose Name any Race Horse shall be entered to start or run at any Race shall be deemed to be the Owner of such Race Horse, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

To give Security, and pay over Monies to Receiver General of Inland Revenue;

and to have an Allowance for due Payment and Performance of Duty.

Penalty on Receiver of Rnce-horse Duty for Neglect of Duty.

Certain Sections of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 82. repealed.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIE REGINAE.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

[21st March 1857 ]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the */w Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Power to Treasury of the United Kingd om of Great Britain and , ^aise7

at any Time or Times, to caus<e any Number of Exchequer Bills 21,049,700l. to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum Ske Manner 3 H of

as is prescribed by 48 G. 3.c. 1.

4&5W.4, c. 15.

5 & 6 "Viet, c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

The Treasury to issue and apply the Money raised.

Bills how to be charged and paid.

Interest on Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Revenue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 17.

Exchequer Bills (.£21,049,700).

of Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden .in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

II. All and every the - Clause's, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said .Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be mfkc[ie. out in pursuance of this Act, as fully And effectually to all rtrt£nth' and-Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be hereafter granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

V. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this

Act. shall bear Date on such Days subsequently to the passing of this Act as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per 'Centum, per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies

respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. All the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged . and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or

Corporate

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 17.

Exchequer Bills (£21,049,700).

Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds; anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen , Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LONDON:

Printed by Georoe Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

Bank of England may advance 21,049,700l. on the Credit of Bills, notwithstanding 5&6W.&M. c. 20.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue the Act for charging the Maintenance of certain Paupers upon the Union Funds.

[21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Nineteenth Year of Her 19&20Viet. Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven, certain Provisions, made c'47' by the several Acts therein referred to for charging upon the Common Fund of the Union the Costs of the Relief and of the Burial of certain poor Persons in those several Acts described, and the Costs of removing and maintaining certain lunatic Paupers, were continued until the Thirtieth Day of September in last Year, and to the End of the ensuing Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that such Provisions should be further continued for a limited Time:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

I. That all the said several temporary Provisions continued by the Provision* said Act of the Nineteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven, AcT farther 3 I ahull continued.

Pauper Maintenance.

shall further continue in full Force until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINAE.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places. [21st March 1857.]

WHEREAS it is desirable that Provisions should be made for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial Places: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. After the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight AU E* ^a* hundred and fifty-seven, every Place entered separately in the Report piaces,where of the Registrar General on the last Census which now is or is reputed no Poor Rate

is lcvisd to

to be extra-parochial, and wherein no Rate is levied for the Relief of ^ deemed the Poor, shall for all the Purposes of the Assessment to the Poor Parishes for Rate, the Relief of the Poor, the County, Police, or Borough Rate, p^r/&c.*he the Burial of the Dead, the Removal of Nuisances, the Registration and Justices, of Parliamentary and Municipal Voters, and the Registration of Births jurisdiction and Deaths, be deemed a Parish for such Purposes, and shall be to appoint designated by the Name which is assigned to it in such Report; and the Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction over such Place or over the greater Part thereof shall appoint Overseers of the Poor therein; and with respect to any other Place being or reputed to be extra-parochial, and wherein no Rate is levied for the Relief of the Poor,

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19.

Extra-parochial Places.

such Justices may appoint Overseers of the Poor therein, notwithstanding anything contained in the Hundred and first Chapter of the Statute passed in the Session of Parliament of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty.

One Overseer only may be appointed by the Justices.

II. If in any Extra-parochial;Place it shall appear tg the Justices that Two Overseers cannot conveniently be appointed from the Inhabitant Householders thereof, or are not required for such Place, such Justices may appoint One only; and if it shall appear to them that there is no such Householder liable or fit to be appointed they shall appoint some Inhabitant Householder of an adjoining Parish willing to serve to be such Overseer, either with or without an annual Salary, such Salary, if any, to be approved of bjr the Poor Law Board, add to be paid out of the Poof Rate of such Place; and such last-mentioned Appointment shall enure until the usual Time of the Appointment of Overseers, and may be renewed from Year to Year as long as the Justices shall find necessary.

Provision for the Inns of Court.

Justices at the Quarter Sessions may, upon Application, and with Consent, annex any Extra-parochial Place to an adjoining Parish.

Overseers may act as Guardians

III. In each of the Places termed the Inner Temple, the Middle Temple, and Gray's Innthe Officer for the Time being acting as the Under Treasurer of such Inn of Court, and in the Place termed Charterhouse, London, the Registrar, shall be the Overseer of such Place; and in default of any such Officer, the Justices having Jurisdiction in such Inns jor Place respectively shaill appoint some; Inhabitant Householder therein to be the Overseer thereof for the then current Year, and thenceforth from Year to Year so foog ag the Office of Under Treasurer or Registrar shall be vacant; provided that such Places shall not be liable to be added to any Union or. qther District for the Purposes aforesaid. , ,.

IY. If the Owners and Occupiers ,respectively of. the Land comprised in any Extra-parochial Place owning and occupying T,wo Thirds in Value at least of such Land shall express their Desire in Writing, signed by. such major Part, that such Place be comprised in or annexed to any Parish. for the Purposes aforesaid, and. such. Parish shall consent thereto, such Consent, to be expressed by. a Resolution of the Vestry, after due Notice, the Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled, or the Recorder of the Borough if such Place be situated within a Borough subject to the Jurisdiction of a Recorder, may make an Order for the Annexation of such Place to such Parish, and thenceforth the same shall be deemed to be Part of the said Parish for all such Purposes.

V. If any such Place should be added to any Union the Overseer or Overseers thereof shall act as the Guardian or Guardians of such

" by

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19. 223

Extra-parochial Placer.

Place at the Board of Guardians of such Union until there until there shall be Ratepayers thereof qualified to elect a Guardian; provided R^payere that if the Poor Law Board should direct One Guardian only to be qualified to appointed for any such Place, and there shall be Two Overseers elect' appointed for the same, the Overseer first appointed, or whose Name shall stand first in the Warrant of Appointment, shall act as such Guardian, and in the Case of his Decease or Incapacity during the Year of Office, the other Overseer shall thenceforth act as such Guardian; provided also, that no such paid. Overseer as aforesaid fihall be authorized to act as a Guardian.

VI. The Overseers or Overseer appointed tmder 'the Authority, of P°^era>;

this Act shall have all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Exemptions, ex.ver- and Protections which Overseers now or hereafter shall possess, and tended to shall be subject to all the Obligations, Responsibilities, Penalties, and

Consequences which Overseers are mow or may hereafter be liable to. under this act.

VII. Provided, That nothing above contained shall apply to any Certain

Extra-parochial Place in respect whereof there shall be any Agree- ex" meat with any Parish as to the Liability of such Place to contribute to the Poor Rate of such Parish contained in any Act of Parliament.

VIII. Where there is any Extra-parochial Place contained in or Provision adjoining to any District comprising any Parish or Parishes, in which p°arr^h^i" District the Relief of the Poor is administered under the Authority Places ad-of a Local Act, the Poor Law Board may, with the Consent of the Lting Occupiers and Owners of Two Thirds in Value of the Land com- under Local prised in such Place, and with the Consent of the Guardians acting Acta'

in that District, by Order direct such Place to be added, for the Purposes of Administration of Relief to the Poor, to such District, upon such Conditions and subject to such Provisions and Regulations as shall appear to them to be necessary for such Purposes.

IX. Where any Extra-parochial Place has belonging to or within Bishop may it any Church or Chapel of the Church of England, the Bishop of

the Diocese within which such Church or Chapel shall be locally of Banns in situate may, if he think fit, authorize by Writing under his Hand and chapeUf'the Seal the Publication of Banns and the Solemnization of Marriages Church of by Banns or Licence in such Church or Chapel of Persons residing Extra-paro-within such Extra-parochial Place, and such written Authorization chial Place, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese.

X. Provided always, That all Provisions now in force or which ?^Bj^sas may hereafter be established by Law relative to providing and keeping ing of Marriage

Marriage

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 19.

Extra-parochial Places.

Regia- Marriage Registers in any Parish Churches shall extend and be toan°eXtend construed to extend to any Church or Chapel in which the Publica-Church or tion of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages shall be so authorized Chapel where ^ aforesaid in the same Manner as if the same were a Parish Church,

.Banns may

be published, and everything required by Law to be done relative thereto by the Churchwardens of any Parish Church shall be done by the Churchwarden or Chapelwarden or other Officer exercising analogous Duties in such Church or Chapel, or if there shall be no such Officer then by such Person as shall be appointed in that Behalf by the Bishop of the Diocese.

Terms used

XI. The Words used in this Act shall be construed in the like to be con Manner as in the Seventy-sixth Chapter of the Statute passed in the straed as in Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth; and the Pro-c.76? &c'4 visions contained therein, and in the subsequent Acts explaining and extending the same, and* not repealed, shall, so far as they shall be consistent herewith, be extended to this Act.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edwaro Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

ANNO VICESIMO

VICTORIAE REGINLE.

CAP. XX.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. [21st March 1857.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I.There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards for'tht making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, the Sum of the Sum of Thirteen million seven thousand two hundred Pounds out of the Con- oat of the

The Treasury may cause 13,007,200l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., U5W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 18,007,200/1 on the

Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5&6W.&M, c. 20.

20° VICTORIES), Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund (.

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirteen million seven thousand two hundred Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills*to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IY. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

Y. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirteen million seven thousand two hundred Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen

Consolidated Fund ( ).

Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Bills prepared Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, thL^AcTto be to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the security for

1 * such Advance!

Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of appliedtoale Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted mons-by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained Exchequer in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, chargeable together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be S^iWu^of" and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

IX. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Appropriation Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passed in this Means to Ser-Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for raising the Sum of el^ew«L " Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds by vict c.17.

228 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund ( ).

Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight " hundred and fifty-seven and also the Sum of Thirteen million seven thousand two hundred Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

There shall be issued 3,390,000l. for Navy Services; vis .:

800,0001 for Wages to 53,700 Seamen and Marines;

300,000l. fbr Victuals, &c. in the Navy;

50,000l. for Salaries, &c. of the Admiralty Office;

80,000l. for Coast Guard Service and Royal Naval Coast Volunteers;

30,000l. for the Navy Scientific Departments;

60,000/, for Naval Establishments at home;

X. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three million three hundred and ninety thousand Pounds for or towards the Naval Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Wages to Fifty-three thousand seven hundred Seamen and Marines, to be employed for the Sea and Coast Guard Services, for Four Months ending on the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, and the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 20.

Consolidated Fund [Appropriation).

Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day .of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds on account, towards defraying the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand 3 M eight

10,000l. for Naval Establishments abroad;

300,000l. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

20,000l. for Wages of Artificers. Ac. abroad;

500,000l. for Naval Stores, &c.;

200,000l. for New Works in Naval Establishments!

20,000l. for Medicines, &c.;

30,000l. for Naval Miscellaneous Services;

250,000l. for Naval Half Pay, &c.;

200,000l. for Military Pensions;

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated, Fund (.).

6o,oooof. for eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of 80,000/.for March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum supaj'con- or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, on TroopT &c. account, towards defraying the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the Victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-400,000l. for eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred Packet 8erric«. thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Packet Service for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight.

There shall XI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there 1^08^000l. for shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money Army Service*, not exceeding One million eighty-two thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroad, and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing, Barrack Furniture, &c., Provisions, Forage, Fuel, and Light, and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea Service, and the Charge of Works, Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad herein-after more 111,000l. for particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money Artificer* &o.c. j not exceeding One hundred and eleven thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Wages of Artificers, Labourers, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; 140,000l. for and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and forty thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Clothing and Necessaries, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred 819,000/:for and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not nlckP^ture exceeding Three hundred and nineteen thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Provisions, Forage, Fuel, and Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand 199,000l. for eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Se« Money not exceeding One hundred and ninety-nine thousand Pounds, Service; on account, towards defraying the Charge of Warlike Stores for Land and Sea Service, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 20. 231

Consolidated Fund (.Ap

inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-two thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Fortifications at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money 231,0001 for not exceeding Two hundred and thirty-one thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings and Barracks at home and abroad, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 2,372,0001 for exceeding Two million six hundred | and seventy-two thousand sendceivm .: Pounds, for defraying all the other Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred and and stations sixty-seven thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay and Allowances of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad (exclusive of India), which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and eighty-four thousand Pounds, on Charges at account, towards defraying the Charge of the Miscellaneous Charges abroad (except of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of Ind-

India, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand for Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Volunteer corps (

Corps in Great Britain, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money 32,000*. for not exceeding Sixty-two thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Departments of the Secretary ofmentt;

State for War, and of the General Commanding in Chief, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or 125,000*. for Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Manufac- j^-5twper«, turing Departments, Military Storekeepers, Barrack Masters, &c., Barrack which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April Maste"'&c'' One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and

76,0002: for Educational and Scientific Branches;

9,0002. for Rewards for Military Service;

21,0002: for Pay of General Officers;

190,000l. for Reduced and Retired Officers;

63,00021 for Pensions to Widows, and Compassionate List, &c.;

16,000l. for Pensions, Gratuities, &c. to wounded Officers;

11,000l. for In-Pensioners of Chelsea and K'llmninham Hospitals;

393,000l. for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c.;

41,000L for Superannuation and Retired Allowances;

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund ( ).

any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-six thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Educational and Scientific Branches, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Rewards for Military Service, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of General Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Pensions \o Widows of Officers, and of Allowances on the Compassionate List, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and ninety-three thousand Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand

Consolidated Fund [Appropriation).

Pounds, on account, towards defraying the Charge of Superannuation and Retired Allowances, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight inclusive.

XII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall

and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ex- 2,oooo,ooooi to ceeding Two Millions to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds ^er°Bondftf issued under the Provisions of the Act Seventeenth Victoria, Chapter 1854, Twenty-three, and dated the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, which will be due and payable on the Eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven.

XIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall Thm shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not ^.o^vooi to exceeding Twenty-one million forty-nine thousand seven hundred Pounds to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids 1856-

of One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven unprovided for.

XIV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall There shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not 1,510,0001. for exceeding One million five hundred and ten thousand Pounds, on De^entt. account, for or towards defraying the Charge of the Revenue Departments which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending

the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight:

Provided always, That the said Sum of One million five hundred and ten thousand Pounds shall not be issued and applied to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, or to any greater Amount, than to the Use, Intent, or Purpose and to the Amount following; that is to say, £

For Salaries, &c. of the Customs Department - 280,000 For Salaries, &c. of the Inland Revenue Department 450,000 For the Expense of the Revenue Police, Ireland - 20,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Post Office - 600,000

For Superannuations, &c. of the Three Departments 160,000

XV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and There shall may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding ^553^001 for One million five hundred and fifty-three thousand two hundred 01,11 Semces-Pounds, on account, for or towards defraying the Charge of Civil Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight:

Provided always, That the said Sum of One million five hundred and fifty-three thousand two hundred Pounds shall not be issued 3 N and

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund [Appropriation).

and applied to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, or to any greater Amount, than to the Use, Intent, or Purpose, and to the Amount following; that is to say,

CLASS I. £

For Royal Palaces and Public Buildings - - 60,000

For Royal Parks, Pleasure Gardens, &c. - - 40,000

For the New Houses of Parliament - - 60,000

For Kingstown Harbour - - 7,000

CLASS II.

For Salaries, &c. of the Treasury - - 18,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Home Departmept - - 8,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Foreign Department - 22,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Colonial Department - 9,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Privy Council Office and Board of Trade - - - 20,000

For the Salary, &c. of the Lord Privy Seal - 1,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Paymaster General's Office ...... 6,000

For Salaries, &c. in the Exchequer ... 2,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Office of Works, &c. - 8,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Office of Woods and Forests - - - - 8,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Public Records and State Paper Office - 5,000

For Salaries, &c. of Inspectors of Factories, &c. - 7,000

For Salaries, &c. in the Department of Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland - 2,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Board of Public Works, Ireland - 7,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums, Ireland - - 800

For Salaries, &c. of the Audit Office - - 12,000

For the Expenses of the Copyhold Inclosure and Tithe Commission .... 5,000

For Payment of Copyhold Imprest Expenses - 4,000

For Salaries, &c. of the- General Register Office, England - 12,000

For Salaries, &c. of the General Register Office, Ireland - 1,000

For Salaries, &c. of the General Register Office, Scotland - - - - 2,000

For Salaries, &c. of the National Debt Office - 5,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Public Works Loan Commission . - - - - 1,000

For

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

7 £-

For Expanses of the West India Relief Commission* .., 600

For the Contingent Expenses of the Commissioners in Lunacy - - - - - 700

For the Salary, &c. of the Superintendent of Roads,

South Wales - - - - , 300

For Salaries, &c. in the Department of the Registrar of Friendly Societies - - . - 500

For Secret Services - . - . - - 10,000

For Printing and Stationery - - - . 150,000

For Postages of Public Departments - 40,000

CLASS III.

England.

For Salaries, &c. of the Office of the Solicitor to the

Treasury, and Law Charges -; * 12,000

For Salaries of the Treasurers and other Officers,

and Expenses of County Courts ' - - 100,000

For the Expense of the Police, Counties,'' and Boroughs - 40,000

For the Expenses of the Police Courts (Metropolis) 9,0Q0

For the Expenses of the Metropolitan Police - 40,000

For Salaries, &c. of the Queen's Prison - - 1,000

Scotland.

For Salaries of the Lord Advocate and Solicitor General . - - - -

For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Session For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Justiciary For Salaries, &c. of the Exchequer (Legal Branch) For Salaries of Procurators Fiscal For Salaries of Sheriffs Clerks - For Salaries, &c. of the Offices in the General Register House, Edinburgh - - -

For Salaries, &c. in the Department of the Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh - -

Ireland.

For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Chancery - 400

For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Queen's Bench - 800

For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Common Pleas - 900

For Salaries, &c. of the Court of Exchequer - 600

For the Salary of the Taxing Officers of Law Courts - 100

For

1,000

6,000

3.000 400

4.000

3.000

4.000 '400

Consolidated Fund ( ).

For Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges For Salaries, &c. of the Office for the Registration of Judgments - -

For Fees to Advocates, High Court of Delegates - For Salaries, &c. of the Insolvent Debtors Courts - For Salary of the Clerk of Court of Errors - For Salaries of the Police Justices, Dublin For the Expense of the Dublin Police For the Expenseof the Constabulary Police, Ireland For Salaries, &c. of the Four Courts, Marshalsea - For the Superintendence of Prisons

CLASS IV.

For Education, Great Britain - 180,000

For Education, Science and Art Branch - 25,000

For Education, Ireland - - For the official Expenses of the Commission of 70,000

Education, Ireland - 200

For the Universities, &c. in Scotland - 2,500

For the Queen's University in Ireland - 800

For the Queen's Colleges, Ireland - 1,600

For the Royal Irish Academy - 200

For the Royal Hibernian Academy - 100

For Belfast Theological Professors - 900

For the British Museum Establishment - 20,000

For the British Museum Buildings - m 14,000

For the British Museum Purchases - 6,000

For Scientific Works and Experiments - 1,500

CLASS Y.

For Civil Establishment of the Bermudas For Charges at St. Helena - k 1,000 10,000

For the Consular Establishments abroad For the Extraordinary Expenses of Ministers 60,000

abroad - - 15,000

CLASS VI.

For Superannuations, &c. For the Expense of the National Vaccine Establish* 50,000

ments - - - 700

For Polish Refugees and Distressed Spaniards 1,200

For Public Infirmaries, Ireland m 1,000

For



2,000

800

100

1,000

100

500

12,000

250,000

700

6,000

20° VICTORIAE, Cap. 20.

Consolidated Fund [Appropriation).

For Hospitals, Dublin; viz., £

The Westmoreland Lock Hospital - 850

The Rotunda Lying-in Hospital - 200

The Coombe Lying-in Hospital - 100

The House of Industry Hospitals - 3,000

The Cork Street Fever Hospital - 600

The Meath Hospital - 200

The St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital - 50

For the Concordatum Fund -

CLASS VII.

For the Expense of the General Board of Health - For the Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners -

For Salaries, &c. of the Charity Commissioners, England -

For Salaries, &c. of the Patent Office For Salaries, &c. of the Civil Service Commission - For Salaries, &c. of sundry temporary Commissions -----

For Salaries, &c. of the Incumbered Estates Courts, Ireland - ....

For Salaries, &c. of the Fishery Board, Scotland - For Revising Barristers (England and Wales)

For the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds ...

For the Expense of the Police at the Camp (Aldershot) -----

For Freight of Specie and Loss by Exchange For Salaries, &c. of the Office for the Registration of Joint Stock Companies - - -



5.000

2.000

4.000

1.000

5.000

7.000 2,000

3.000

5.000

5.000

6.000

5.000

2.000

4,000

800

XVI. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments, Appropriation, or Application directed to be made or satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

XVII. And as to the Sum of One hundred and forty-two thousand Pounds, being the Proportion of the Sum of One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and 3 O Retired

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriating Half Pay.

238

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Retired Officers which is applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according, to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no .Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise .entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held uqder Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place pr Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold: any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or. in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay, or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary-at-War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-seven, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary-at-War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to

Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually*

240 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, through the Secretary-at-War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

---

[Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.]

XVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

[Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for Payment of Half Pay, without the requisite Oaths, indemnified.]

XIX. And whereas a considerable Part of the Money appropriated on account of Half Pay by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled

[19 & 20 Vict. c. 105.]

"An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of "Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament," has been issued without requiring by Persons issuing or paying, and without the taking by the Persons receiving, Half Pay, the Oaths or Declarations prescribed to be taken by Officers claiming Half Pay, and Part of the said Monies has been paid to Officers claiming or entitled to Half Pay, who at the same Time held and may still hold the Situations of and serve respectively as Surgeons, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, or Privates in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, and it is expedient that all such Persons should be indemnified: Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons concerned in

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20. 241

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

the advising, authorizing, or directing the issuing or in the issuing of any Half Pay, or any Monies for Half Pay, or in the Application of any Money appropriated by the said Act for that Purpose, or in receiving or being concerned in receiving any Portion of the Money so appropriated for such Half Pay, without requiring or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, or to or on account of any such Officers or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby fully exonerated and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Prosecutions, or Proceedings in respect of anything done in relation thereto, in all Cases in which such Half Pay, or Payment for or in respect of such Half Pay, shall have been or may hereafter be issued or received in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and the Uses heretofore established or observed in relation to the issuing, paying, and receiving of Half Pay in all other respects, except so far as relates to the demanding, requiring, or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, and all such Payments and Issues of Half Pay which shall have been or may be issued to any such Person as aforesaid shall be deemed valid and effectual Payments, and the Paymaster General, and all other Persons concerned in the issuing and paying the same, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified, and shall be and are hereby fully discharged and exonerated, in respect thereof, in all Accounts relating to such Issues and Payments, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Laws, Rules, or Regulations, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Half Pay allowed to Officers of the Manx Fencibles.]

XX. And whereas the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation contained in the Letter of Service under which they were raised that they should be allowed to receive any Half Pay to which they might be entitled, notwithstanding their holding Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps, but no Provision has been made by Parliament for Payment of such Half Pay, and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be now made for the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who were entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwithstanding their having held the Full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have been allowed to receive the same, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before any Person hereby authorized to administer a Declaration to Persons for the Purpose of receiving Half Pay, that they had not in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officer of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles,

242 20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20.

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

and the making and Subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

[Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.]

XXI. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same was not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown, and that they Bhould be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid: Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

[Surplus of Sum by 19 & 20 Vict. c.105. appropriated to Half Pay Officers to be disposed of as Her Majesty shall direct.]

XXIII And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her present Majesty the several Supplies which had been granted to Her Majesty as therein mentioned were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds in the whole, was appropriated, to be paid On account of Half Pay for the Year One thousand eight, hundred and fifty-six, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half Pay as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf: Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That so much of the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-two thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rides to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of Such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise Her Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or

20° VICTORIAE, Cap.20. 243

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation).

Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual as shall be signed in that Behalf, anything in this Act or the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.]

XXIII. And as to the Sum of Sixty-three thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

[Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.]

XXIV. Any such Declaration shall and may be made and subscribed before any one or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1857.

