A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN

THE THIRTEENTH AND FOURTEENTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1850.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And published in Numbers, Price 2d. each.

By W. Benning & Co., Law Booksellers and Publishers,

43, Fleet Street.

1850.

A

TABLE

OF

The Public General Statutes passed in the Third Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

13 & 14 VICTORIA.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for making Provision for the Collection of County Cess in Ireland, and for the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof. page 3

II. An Act to restrain Party Processions in Ireland. 5

III. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty. 7

IV. An Act for requiring the Transmission of annual Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads and Bridges in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant to be laid before Parliament. 10

V. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 13

VI. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 72

VII. An Act for consolidating the Office of the Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages with the Office of Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis, and making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices. 124

VIII. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Fifth Annual General Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and to confirm the Proceedings in the Matter of the Common Wood Inclosure. 127

IX. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Bricks. page 128

X. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

XI. An Act to make better Provision for the Contributions of Unions and Parishes in School Districts to the common Funds of the respective Districts. 131

XII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 133

XIII. An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies associated for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in Scotland hold Real Property required for such Purposes. 138

XIV. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money to certain distressed Poor Law Unions, and to make Provision for the Repayment of Advances made and authorized to be made to Poor Law Unions and other Districts, in Ireland. 141

XV. An Act to authorize the Establishment of Courts of Appeal for certain of Her Majesty's West India Colonies. 147

XVI. An Act to enable the Judges of the Courts of Common Law at Westminster to alter the Forms of Pleading. 150

XVII. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing. 151

XVIII. An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland. 152

XIX. An Act to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland. 170

XX. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables. 171

XXI. An Act for shortening the Language used in Acts of Parliament. 173

XXII. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty. 175

XXIII. An Act to repeal an Exception in an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Sixth concerning the Days whereon Fairs and Markets ought not to be kept. 176

XXIV. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to improve the said Hospital, and also to enlarge and improve the Billingsgate Dock, and widen Billingsgate Street, in Greenwich; and for other Purposes. page 177

XXV. An Act to enable Queen's Counsel and others, not being of the Degree of the Coif, to act as Judges of Assize. 192

XXVI. An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 192

XXVII. An Act to provide for the Commencement of an Act of the present Session, intituled An Act to reveal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 195

XXVIII. An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes. 197

XXIX. An Act to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland. 200

XXX. An Act to provide for the Appointment of Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland. 208

XXXI. An Act to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in flic United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances. 210

XXXII. An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health. 214

XXXIII. An Act to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same. 216

XXXIV. An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland. 327

XXXV. An Act to diminish the Delay and Expense of Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England. 328

XXXVI. An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland. 339

XXXVII. An Act for the further Extension of Summary Jurisdiction in Cases of Larceny. 357

XXXVIII. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the new Church at Upton cum Chalvey in the County of Buckingham and Diocese of Oxford. 359

XXXIX. An Act for the better Government of Convict Prisons. 360

XL. An Act to regulate the Disposition of the Naval Prize Balance. page 363

XLI. An Act to authorize the Division of the Parish of Manchester into several Parishes, and for the Application of the Revenues of the Collegiate and Parish Church, and for other Purposes. 365

XLII. An Act to confirm the Incorporation 6f certain Boroughs, and to provide for the Payment of the Expences of the Incorporation of the new Boroughs. 384

XLIII. An Act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster. 385

XLIV. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland. 400

XLV. An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Socieities. 402

XLVI. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 403

XLVII. An Act for farther continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. 404

XLVIII. An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland. 404

XLIX. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 406

L. An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor. 430

LI. An Act for the Transfer of the Equitable Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer to the Court of Chancery Ireland. 430

LII. An Act to make better Provision for the Internment of the Dead in and near the Metropolis. 445

LIII. An Act for taking account of the Population of Great Britain. 476

LIV. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Labour in Factories. 485

LV. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin. 489

LVI. An Act to continue the Act for exempting certain Bills of Echange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Usury Laws. page 491

LVII. An act to prevent the holding of Vestry or other Meetings in Churches, and for regulating the Appointment of Vestry Clerks. 492

LVIII. An Act to continue an Act for authorising the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. 497

LIX. An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies. 498

LX. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance and Transfer of Real and Personal Property vested in Mortgagees and Trustees. 517

LXI. An Act to extend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to amend the same. 534

LXII. An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy. 543

LXIII. An Act to provide for the Redemption of an Annuity of Ten thousand Pounds payable to the "Equivalent Company." 544

LXIV. An Act to provide for more effectually repairing, improving, and rebuilding Bridges in Cities and Boroughs. 554

LXV. An Act for enabling Town Councils to establish Public Libraries and Museums. 551

LXVI. An Act to authorise the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 554

LXVII. An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose a countervailing Duty on Sugar used in the Drying of Beer for Sale; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Licences granted to Brewers and Distillers. 555

LXVIII. An Act to shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat. 561

LXIX. An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registratioiamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating Immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs. 580

LXX. An Act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand. 669

LXXI. An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals. page 675

LXXII. An Act to amend the Laws for the Registration of Assurances of Lands in Ireland. 675

LXXIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Process of Attachment of Goods in the Borough and other Courts of Record in Ireland. 704

LXXIV. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Registrar of Judgments in Ireland. 708

LXXV. An Act to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas. 718

LXXVI. An Act to provide for the Division of the Deanery of Saint Burian into Three Rectories, and for abolishing the Royal Peculiar of Saint Burian. 715

LXXVII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to make a suitable Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and also for Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge. 719

LXXVIII. An Act to enable Her Majesty to make Provision for the Residence of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales in Marlborough Howe during the joint Lives of Her Majesty and His Royal Highness. 720

LXXIX. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provisions respecting Turnpike Roads, in England. 721

LXXX. An Act to repeal Part of an Act of the Fifteenth Year of King George the Third, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season. 728

LXXXI. An Act to explain an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin. 728

LXXXII. An Act to extend the Remedies for the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland. 729

LXXXIII. An Act to facilitate the Abandonment of Railways, and the Dissolution of Railway Companies, in certain Cases. 730

LXXXIV. An Act to enable the Council of the Borough of Manchester to determine their Liability to defray the Expenses of Customs in respect of Goods warehoused in the said Borough, and to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Discontinuance of the further warehousing of Goods in such Warehouses without Payment of Duty. page 744

LXXXV. An Act to provide for holding the Assizes of certain Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland in the Assize Towns of the adjoining Counties at large in certain Cases; and to make Provision as to Gaols in case of the Change of Assize Towns. 746

LXXXVI. An Act for the Erection on the Earthen Mound in the City of Edinburgh of Buildings for a National Gallery, and other Purposes connected therewith and with the Promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland. 750

LXXXVII. An Act for Payment of a Moiety of certain Penalties towards Police Superannuation Funds. 753

LXXXVIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish. 754

LXXXIX. An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland. 779

XC. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, and for certain other Purposes in relation to the Public Health Act, 1848. 796

XCI. An Act to authorize Justices of any Borough having a separate Gaol to commit Assize Prisoners to such Gaol and to extend the Jurisdiction of Borough Justices to all Offences and Matters arising within the Borough for which they act. 797

XCII. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Scotland. 801

XCIII. An Act for improving the Condition of Masters, Mates and Seamen, and maintaining Discipline in the Merchant Service. 805

XCIV. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. 843

XCV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 854

XCVI. An Act to continue and amend the Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes. 860

XCVII. An Act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties. 874

XCVIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the holding of Benefices in Plurality. 907

XCIX. An Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements. page 911

C. An Act for Inspection of Coal Mines in Great Britain. 914

CI. An Act to continue Two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. 917

CII. An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise a summary Jurisdiction in Ireland. 923

CIII. An Act to authorize further Charges on "The London Bridge Approaches Fund" for the Completion of certain Improvements in the Metropolis. 955

CIV. An Act to extend and amend the Acts relating to the Copyright of Designs. 967

CV. An Act for facilitating the Union of Liberties with the Counties in which they are situate. 973

CVI. An Act to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland. 976

CVII. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 977

CVIII. An Act for confirming certain further Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health. 1003

CIX. An Act to enlarge and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shoreditch. 1005

CX. An Act to continue the Act for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland. 1013

CXI. An Act to relieve the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company from contributing towards the Expense of the proposed new Harbour at Holyhead, and to take away the Powers of the said Company in relation to such Harbour. 1013

CXII. An Act to vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland certain Works and Rights of the Lough Corrib Improvement Company, and to compensate such Company for the same. 1014

CXIII. An Act to authorize the Transfer of Loans for the Improvement of Land in Ireland to other Land. 1018

CXIV. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Proceedings in the Courts of Law in Ireland, and to grant certain other Stamp Duties in lieu thereof. page 1019

CXV. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies. 1024

CXVI. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland; and to make further Provisions for the Division and Application of the Purchase Money. 1047

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

13 Victoria.

CAP. I.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for making Provision for the Collection of County Cess in Ireland and for the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof.

[22d February 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was Passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[12 & 13 Vict. c. 36.]

---

intituled An Act to make Provision during the present Year, and to the End of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, relating to the Collection of County Cess in Ireland and to the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof: And whereas Collectors of County Cess, in entering into Security at the last Summer Assizes for the due Collection of such Cess, in several Cases were unable to avail themselves, or from Want of sufficient Notice or otherwise did not avail themselves, of the Provisions of the said recited Act in relation to modifying the Terms of such Securities in the Manner in the said Act provided: And whereas in certain Counties, Baronies, and Districts of Ireland great Difficulties have existed in collecting the full Amount of County Cess, and it is expedient, in such particular Cases where such Difficulties existed, and where the Collectors of County Cess appointed at or after the last Summer Assizes shall have entered into Securities as by Law theretofore required for the due Collection of all County Cess or public Money which they should respectively be required to collect, to extend to such Collectors the Benefit of the Provisions of the said recited Act for altering and modifying the Condition of the Securities so entered into by them, in like Manner as under the Provisions of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by any Order to be published in the Dublin Gazette, from Time to Time, before the Conclusion of the Spring Assizes of this Year, to order and declare that in and for any County, or Barony or Baronies of a County, in Ireland, in such Order specified, the Provisions of this Act shall be in force; and a Copy of such Order shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of such respective County; and from the making of such Order thenceforth

Cap. 1. County Cess (Irelandf). 13 VICT

Power to Lord Lieutenant, by Order to be published in Dublin Gssette, to direct in what Counties and Baronies this Act shall be in force, and in such Places the Securities

4

of Collectors of Cess given at or after the last Summer Assises shall be deemed to be modified as if given under recited Act.

Three Members of Grand Jury at the Spring Assises of this Year to examine Collector^ Accounts, and to certify the Amount he might without Neglect or wilful Default have received.

as to any such County, or Barony or Baronies of a County, in such Order specified, any Bond and Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment to the Treasurer of such County for the due Collection of County Cess or public Money, given and entered into by any High Constable or Collector of County Cess within any such County or for any such Barony in such Order specified, at or after the last Summer Assizes for such County and before the passing of this Act, shall in all respects be deemed and construed and dealt with hs if such Bond and Warrant of Attorney had been conditioned for such High Constable or Collector duly collecting and paying to the County Treasurer all such public Money required by him to be collected as he should receive, or as he without Neglect or wilful Default might have received; and any such last-mentioned Bond and Warrant, without any Stamp, shall be as valid and effectual for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and shall be deemed to be within the Meaning and subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act, as fully and effectually as if such Bond and Warrant had been conditioned in the Manner and Form prescribed in and been given under and pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

II. And be it enacted, That in every County in which or in any Barony of which the Provisions of this Act shall be in force in manner aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Grand Jury of such County, and he is hereby required, by Notice under his Hand, to be given to the High Constable or Collector of each Barony in which the Provisions of this Act shall be in force. Three Days before the swearing of the Grand Jury for the Spring Assizes of this Year, to require him to attend, with his Accounts, Books, and Vouchers, for the Examination of such Collector's Accounts, before Three Members of the Grand Jury at the ensuing Spring Assizes of this Year for such respective County; and each such High Constable or Collector of the same is hereby required to attend and produce hii Accounts, Books, and Vouchers relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in such respective Barony, before Three Members of the Grand Jury of such County at such Spring Assizes, who shall by the Grand Jury be appointed for such Purpose, and shall examine the same; and after due Examination of the same, and after Examination upon Oath of such High Constable or Collector and such other Person or Persons as such Grand Jurors may require to be examined relating to the same, which Oath any such Grand Juror shall be empowered to administer, such Three Grand Jurors shall determine and ascertain the Amount of the Sums which such High Constable or Collector shall have received, or without Neglect or wilful Default might have received and collected, of the Amount of the County Cess required to be collected by him since the then last Summer Assizes, and shall by their Certificate certify under their Hands the Amount thereof which without Neglect or wilful Default might have been so collected, and also the Amount actually collected, together with a List of the Persons and Lands

1850. County Cess (Ireland). Cap. 1, 2.

from whom or which such Cess has not been collected, and also a List of the Persons and Lands, if any, from whom or which the same might have been so collected and has not been collected; and such Certificate and Lists shall by such Grand Jurors or by Ccrtifa* mad the Secretary of the Grand Jury be laid before the Grand Jury Li*ts tobelak at the said Spring Assizes, who shall take the same into their Consideration; and if they shall pass a Resolution approving p^ed, and of such Certificate, or approving thereof subject to any Modi- Money paid fication, and if such High Constable or Collector shall duly pay ^Uedu or shall have paid over to the respective Treasurer of the Poundage. County the whole Amount which it shall appear by such Certificate, so approved or modified, might without Neglect or wilful Default have been collected, such High Constable or Collector in such Case shall receive and be paid his Poundage, as in the said recited Act provided, upon the Amount so collected and paid over to the Treasurer.

Act, unless the Subject or Context require another Construction, Ternw. the Word " County " shall extend to a County of a City or County of a Town, and the Word " Barony" shall extend to any District for which any such Collector may be or may have been appointed under the Powers by Law given in that Behalf.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amenaed»&c-Parliament.

Ireland in a Manner calculated to create and perpetuate

Animosities between different Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects, and to endanger the public Peace:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of What Proce*-this Act all Assemblies of Persons in Ireland who shall meet "01ns^f.1* and parade together or join in procession, and who shall bear,

wear, or have amongst them or any of them any Fire-arms or other offensive Weapons, or any Banner, Emblem, Flag, or Symbol, the Display whereof may be calculated or tend to provoke Animosity between different Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects, or who shall be accompanied by any Person or Persons playing Music or singing any Song which may be calculated or tend to provoke Animosity between different Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects, shall be unlawful Assemblies, and every Person present thereat shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, guilty of a Mi*.

III. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Interpretation

CAP. II.

An Act to restrain Party Processions in Ireland.

[12th March 1850.]

of assembling and marching together in procession in

Numbers of Persons have been in the Practice

and upon Conviction thereof shall be punished accordingly. demeanor.

6

Power to Justices to command such Assemblies or Processions to disperse.

Penalty on Persons refusing to disperse after such Command. Ac.

Cap. 2. Party Processions (Ireland). 13 Vict.

II. And be it enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall proceed, with such Assistance as in the Judgment of such Justice or Justices may be necessary, to the Place where any such Assembly of Persons hereby declared to be unlawful shall be held or take place, and such Justice or one of such Justices, or some other Person by their or his Order, shall then and there read or repeat aloud to the Persons so assembled a Command or Notice to disperse in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

£)UR Sovereign Lady the Queen doth charge and command all Persons being here assembled immediately to

disperse and peaceably to depart upon pain of Fine or imprisonment, according to the Statute passed in the Thirteenth

Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria, to restrain Party Processions in Ireland. GOD save the Queen. '

III. And be it enacted, That the Persons so met and assembled together shall forthwith, after such Command or Notice shall have been read or repeated aloud as aforesaid, disperse and depart; and if any One or more of the Persons so met or assembled together as aforesaid shall not disperse and depart within the Space of One Quarter of an Hour from the Time of such Command or Notice having been read or repeated aloud as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices who shall have read or repeated, or who shall have ordered to be read or repeated, such Command or Notice, or for any other Justice or Justices of the Peace, to seize, or by Order to any Constable or other Person to cause to be seized and detained, for the Use of Her Majesty, any such Fire-arms or other offensive Weapon, and any such Banner, Emblem, Flag, or Symbol, and any musical Instruments in the Possession of any such Persons, and to cause the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to disperse or depart to be apprehended, either with or without a Warrant for that Purpose, or to be summoned to answer for such Offence; and such Offender or Offenders may thereupon be proceeded against in a summary Way for such Offence before any Two Justices of the Peace before whom he or they may be brought or summoned to appear; and every Person, being convicted thereof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month unless such Penalty be sooner paid, or, at the Discretion of the said Justices, to be committed to any One of Her Majesty's Common Gaols or Prisons in Ireland for a Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, and for a Second or any subsequent Offence against the Provisions of this Act to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months unless the same be sooner paid, or, in the Discretion of the said Justices, to be committed to any One of Her Majesty's Common Gaols or Prisons in Ireland for a Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

1850. Party Processions (Ireland). Cap. 2, 3.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Fire-arms or other offensive Weapons which shall be borne, employed, or be in the personal Possession of any Person forming Part of any Assembly or Procession declared unlawful under this Act, shall be forfeited to the Use of Her Majesty, whether the Command or Notice under this Act provided shall have been read or repeated or not, or whether after the reading or repeating of the same such Assembly or Procession shall have dispersed or not; and any such Person who shall neglect or refuse to deliver up such Arms or offensive Weapons at any such Meeting as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace, when required so to do, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect be subject to the Penalties in this Act already set forth, which Penalties shall be recoverable in the same summary Manner, and the Party so offending shall be subject to Imprisonment in like Manner, as has already been provided in respect to the summary Proceedings under this Act

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall have been proceeded against in a summary Way as aforesaid for not dispersing or departing within the Space of One Quarter of an Hour from the Time of such Command or Notice having been read er repeated aloud as aforesaid, shall likewise be indicted for a Misdemeanor for having been present at the unlawful Assembly at which such Command or Notice shall have been so read or repeated: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Prosecution by Indictment for a Misdemeanor of any Person who shall be present at any such unlawful Assembly as aforesaid, and who shall not have been proceeded against in a summary Way as herein-before last mentioned.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

CAP. III.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

[25th March 1850.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall and may be

Fire-arms in possession of Persons form ing Part of a Assembly, &< to be forfeit *

Party proeee ed against foi not departing after Notice not to be indicted for Mi demeanor for being present at Assembly which Notic< was read.

Act may be amended, &c.

There shall applied, for t

Service of the Year 1850, the Sum of

8,000,0001 out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 8,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., 44SW.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 8,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. C. 20.

Cap. 3.

Consolidated Fund *

13 VICT.

issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Yeara of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions,

anything

1850. Consolidated Fund* Cap. 3.

anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer9 Ale, and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall pared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money Contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

hereby 7 be nre-

rims? iif ft

10 Cap. 4. Turnjnke Road a Bridge Tru Ireland). 13 VICT

CAP. IV.

An Act for requiring the Transmission of annual Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads and Bridges in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant to be laid before Parliament.

[25th March 1850.]

Trustees of Turnpike ItoacU and Rridge Trusts in Ireland to examine and audit Accounts annually, and make up and sign Abstracts thereof, and of Revenues and Debts.

WHEREAS it is expedient that annual Abstracts of ' Accounts and Statements of Revenues and Debts of the Trustees or Commissioners of the several Turnpike Roads and Bridge Trusts in Ireland should be prepared and transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or i Governors of Ireland, for the Purpose of being revised, and afterwards laid before both Houses of Parliament:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Trustees or Commissioners of every Turnpike Road or Bridge Trust in Ireland shall and they are hereby required, either by themselves or some Committee of their Number, annually to examine the Vouchers and audit and settle the Accounts of the respective Clerks or Secretaries and Treasurers appointed by them, and to examine into the State of the Revenues and Debts, distinguishing bonded from floating Debts, of the several Road or Bridge Trusts for which they shall act as Trustees or Commissioners, and to make up Abstracts of such Accounts, each which Abstract shall contain a Statement of the Revenues and Debts of the Road or

Bridge Trust, and also an Account of all Bonds given by the Trustees or Commissioners, and the Dates thereof, which said Abstracts of Accounts and Statements shall be signed by not less than Three of the Trustees or Commissioners.

Clerks of Turnpike Road and Rridge Trusts, &c. annually to transmit to the Lord Lieu- \ tenant Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Revenues and Debts.

II. And be it enacted, That the several and respective Clerks or Secretaries to such Trustees or Commissioners by whom or by whose Committees such Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Revenues and Debts of the respective Turnpike Road and Bridge Trusts under the Charge of such Trustees or Commissioners are directed to be made and signed as aforesaid shall, on or before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland Abstracts and Statements, made up and signed as herein-before prescribed, and according to the Form contained in the Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act, or as nearly in the said Form as Circumstances will permit, for the Period of a Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and shall in like Manner, upon the First Day of October in all future Years, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being the like Abstracts and Statements, made up and signed in the Manner

11

1850. Turnpike Road and Bridge Trusts (Ireland). Cap. 4 *

herein-before directed, and in the Form of the said Schedule (A.), or as nearly in the said Form as Circumstances will permit, for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December then next preceding; and if any Clerk or Secretary to such Trustees or Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to transmit such annual Abstracts and Statements within the Time hereinbefore prescribed, then and in every such Case every Clerk or Secretary so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom Complaint of such Offence shall be made.

III. And be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to whom such annual Abstracts and Statements shall be transmitted shall cause the same to be revised, abstracted, and arranged, and laid before both Houses of Parliament, together with any Observations which he may think proper to be made respecting the State, Condition, and Repair of the Roads and Bridges, or any of them, or respecting the Debts, Revenues, Expenditure, and Management of any such Turnpike and Bridge Trusts.

IV. And be it enacted, That when and as often as the Trustees or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road or Bridge shall have entered into a Resolution to apply to Parliament for any new Turnpike Road or Bridge Act, or for the Continuation of the Term and Powers of the Act under which any Turnpike Road or Bridge is regulated, or for the Alteration or Enlargement of the Powers and Provisions of such Act or any of them, or for an Alteration of the Tolls or Pontages to be levied on such Turnpike Road or Bridge, the Clerk or Secretary of such Trustees or Commissioners shall immediately thereupon transmit a Copy of such Resolution to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, together with a Copy of any special Clauses proposed to be inserted in the intended Act, and also a Statement of the Alteration of Tolls or Pontages intended to be made.

V. And be it enacted, That the Penalties hereby imposed shall be recovered in such and the like Manner and subject to like Provisions as the Penalties imposed by and under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland are directed to be recovered, and shall be from Time to Time paid, one Moiety thereof to the Informer or Person suing for and recovering the same, and the other Moiety to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the Trustees or Commissioners for repairing or maintaining the Road or Bridge relating to which such Offence shall have been committed, and be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of such Road or Bridge.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Lord Lieu« tenant to cause Abstracts to be laid before Parliament.

If Road or Bridge Acts proposed to be amended, Clerk to transmit Resolution and Particulars to the Lord Lieutenant.

Penalties, how to be recovered and applied.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 4. Turnpike Hoad and Bridge Trusts (Ireland). 13 Vici

SCHEDULE (A.)

General Statement of the Income and Expenditure of the Turnpike Road [or Bridge] Trust in the County of for the Period between the First Day of January and the Thirty-fin Day of December in the Year

Income.

Balance in Treasurer's Hands brought forward

Revenue received from | Tolls -Revenue from Fines

from incidental!

Receipt -) Amount of Money borrowed on the Security > of the Tolls -

Balance due to the Treasurer

£ s. d.

Expenditure.

Balance due to the! Treasurer brought > forward -

Manual Labour -Carriage of Materials -Materials for Surface i Repairs - - /

Land purchased Damage done in oh-!

taining Materials - / Tradesmen's Bills Salaries: Treasurer Secretary Clerk Surveyor Other Officer Law Charges -Interest on Debt -Annuities Improvements Watering Roads Debts paid off -Incidental Expenses Balance in the Treasurer's Hands

£ s. d.

Debts.

Rate of Interest per Cent.

Arrears of Income.

Insert the Nair and Place of Ab< of the Treasure Clerk, or Secreta General and Superintend in j Surveyor, belo

Bonded Debt -Floating ditto -Unpaid Interest Balance due to ) the Treasurer J

Total Debts -

£ s.d.

£ 8. d.

Arrears of Tolls for current > Year J

Arrears of any} other Receipt >

ditto -

Arrears of former Years -

Total Arrears -

£ 8a d.

Distance in Statute Miles over which such \ Road Trust extends -)

Miles.

CL4

185a

Mutiny.

CAP. V.

Cap. 6.

IS

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[25th March 1850.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army 1 " within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of 9 Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty, and this present Parliament, that 9 a Body of Forces should be continued, for the Safety of the 9 United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of 9 Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Numbers.

9 Forces should consist of Ninety-nine thousand one hundred ' and twenty-eight Men, exclusive of the Officers and Men 9 belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial 9 Possessions of the East India Company, but including the 9 Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting 9 for those Regiments: And whereas no Man can be fore-9 judged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to 9 any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial ' Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his 9 Peers and according to the known and established Laws of 9 this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite, for the re-9 taining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that 9 an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall 9 mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's 9 Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punish-9 ment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Articles of War Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially judidaiiy taken taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; notice of. and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary at War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to be transported as a Felon, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

14

Pwnonn Mb-ject to this Act#

Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 Victr.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Soldiers belonging to the Forces of the East India Company while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to the Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and to Master Gunners, and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving in the Regiment of Royal Engineers and the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to Persons in the Ordnance and Commissariat Departments, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Forces at home or abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of Her Majesty's Ordnance Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buyr exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of

Contract

15

1850.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds, in the said Islands.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Foreign Troops Troops, being mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and this Country, serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places

in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are \ and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Militia and shall in anywise be construed to extend to any Militia Forces Yeom*nry-or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only in such Cases wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

VT. And be it declared and enacted, That for the Purpose Power to con-of bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War «titute Courts-to Justice Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Man- martia ner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Her Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command; the Officer so authorized not being however below the Degree of a Field Officer, except upon the Western Coast of Africa, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or the Articles of War, may be tried or punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

General Courts-martial

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Regimental and

Detachment

Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships.

Courts-martial in special Cases out of the Queen's Dominions.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

VII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in Saint Helena, Africa, Honduras, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers \ that if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Parts afore mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and that if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or of the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Offi-

cers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

IX. And be it enacted, That a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three may be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, the Offence may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any District, Detachment, or Portion of Her Majesty's Troops which may at any Time be serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident of any such Countries, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not

less

issa

17

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

Mixed Courts martial in earn of Marines and East India Company.

less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division,

Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That, where necessary or expedient,

Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or Officers in the Service of the East India Company, or Officers of both such Services, may sit on Courts-martial, together with Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and when the Person to be tried shall belong to the Land Forces, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces only, and the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marines, then the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable; and where the Person to be tried shall be in the Service of the East India Company the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer, though in the actual Service of the said Company, may hold a Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Court, and shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor Commander of the Regiment or Body of Troops composed of Detachments of different Regiments to which the Prisoner belongs; nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Court-martial, Proceedingt as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve B thereon

President of Court-martial.

at Trial.

13 Vict.

Swearing and summoning Witnesses.

Cap. 5. Mutiny.

thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read oyer in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers; and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President^ such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall have been made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XV. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from

Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

19

from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or the Court of Session or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend in a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after a Prisoner has been Previous Confound guilty of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which YiCjijsE^ibe any such Prisoner shall have been tried may, before passing Tl *

Sentence on such Prisoner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding, and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of the Infliction or Bemission of all or any Part of such Sentence, made from the original Minutes of such Court, or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate General or by his Deputy, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, or by any competent Staff Officer, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case Such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein-before provided to the Officer commanding a Regiment by the Clerk of any such Court, or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be

signed

20

Cap. 5.

Mutiny.

13 VICT.

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courts-martial.

No second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him: Provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found guilty.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, where the Offender shall be a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Land Forces, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person subject to this Act shall at any Timed uring the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs,

1850.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

21

or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, 'or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress,

Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post* or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Judgment of Death by a Judgment of Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the *>eath .; Officers present shall concur therein.

XXI. And be it enacted, That whensoever any General Commutation Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and Death (oT. convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think ransP°rtation* the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster or other Embezzlement Commissioned Officer of Her Majesty's Forces, or any Person puni&h*bie m

22

13 VICT.

Cap. 5.

Mutiny.

Execution of Sentences of Transportation # in the United Kingdom.

employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and every Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary at War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom

1860. Mutiny. Cap. S. 23

the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of In the Colonies. Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by, the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of one of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony,

B 4 who,

13 Vict.

Power to inflict

Corporal

Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

Cap. 5. Mutiny.

who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned, and kept to hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with hard Labour, during the Term of his Transportation, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXV. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawftil for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, or to mitigate such Sentence by awarding Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; provided that such Commutation of Punishment to solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage.absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service or might accrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and that any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct,

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

25

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, with Intent to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Stores, or in receiving them knowing them to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Soldier who shall be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Finding having been duly approved, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or being an Apprentice by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion, or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pey when in Confinement under Sentence;

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave;

or when absent without Leave, not exceeding Five Days.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

have been prolonged, and no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in arrest for Debt; and that when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence; but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and that any Soldier who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without bard Labour, or with or without solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or, Days on which he shall have so absented himself, and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid,

1850. Mutiny. Cap. 5.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier for being drunk when on or for Duty or Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial, before which any Soldier shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness, shall, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court is competent to award, deprive such Soldier of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award, every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier, convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent'good Conduct: Provided always, that a Soldier so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay, who shall be quartered at or removed to a Station where Liquor forms Part of his Ration and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain at such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That, in addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good —

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Horse or to the Horse of any other Soldier, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Accoutrements, or Regimental Necessaries of any other Soldier, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of Accoutrements and Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender

t shall

27

Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

Stoppages.

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking De-] sertera.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts*martial.

Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

shall j be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his Messing and Washing, so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That on the first and on every subsequent Conviction of Desertion, the Court-martial, after awarding such Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender, to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That a General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and that any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Soldier may be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with an Interval between them of not less Duration than such Periods of solitary Confinement; provided that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Regimental, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be solitary only, the Periods shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on a Person already imprisoned under Sentence of a Court-martial for any former Offence, it shall be lawful for the Court to award Imprisonment for the subsequent Offence to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced, and where such Person shall be already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Persons shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation

respectively

29

1850. Mutiny* Cap. 5.

respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That, save as herein-before specially provided, every Term of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and under the Sentence of any other Court-martial shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building, or any Two or more separate and detached Buildings, shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison, whether the same now exist or may hereafter be established, which shall be, or which under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament have been, so as aforesaid set apart or declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary at War; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person and Persons as the Secretary at War may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the Secretary at War may authorize any General Officer commanding on aForeign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations

which

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Military Prisons.

30

Cap. 5.

Mutiny.

13 Vict.

Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison respectively shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary at War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governors, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

XL. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Horn inions shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in W riting on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

XLI. And be it enacted, That in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided also, that the Time during

which

81

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person haying Th«ir Subsist-the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of ence m Com* Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in mon GaoU* any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned by the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary at War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler or Person Expiration of having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, Imprisonment House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom Ga^mm°n any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That Musters shall be taken of Muster* and every Regiment, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be ap- asei users* pointed; and no Soldier shall be absent from such Musters unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or 6ign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall Jbr such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or in Her Majesty's Service.

Trial* for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and whether such Soldier shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such TriaL

XLVI. And be it enacted, That upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by Evidence sufficient to satisfy such Justice that there are reasonable Grounds for believing, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment to which he belongs, if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or if such Head Quarters or Depot shall not be stationed within Five Miles, then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or to the Party of his Regiment in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Regiment, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at

War

1850.

3a

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

WaraReport, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary at War, and transmit also to the Secretary at War a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary at War may order Repayment of the same; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or, if the Regiment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding in the Colony a Description Return in the Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Person shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

XLVETI. And be it enacted, That any Recruit who shall desert prior to joining the Regiment for which he has enlisted shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Depot nearest to

In the Colonies.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits.

14

Fraudulent Confewon of Desertion.

7 & 8 G.4.C.S9.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that all Cavalry Recruits so committed for Desertion shall be transferred to Cavalry Regiments, and Infantry Recruits to Infantry Regiments; and that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty, except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty, reserving only for them that Part of the Bounty which is applicable to and required for the Provision of Necessaries.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That any Soldier who, while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial, and that any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Milition or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forces, as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter as aforesaid, he shall be liable to be taken before Two Justices of the Peace, and, on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by them be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and console dating the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or shall be deemed guilty, if in Scotland, of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, as the Case may be, shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, as the Case may be, and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously

convicted

1850. Mutiny. Cap. 5. 35

convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished, in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the first Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of Her Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

L. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Extension of Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adju- Furlough in tant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place caseofSlc neM* where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and* the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Person having been acquitted No Person ac-or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, quitted or Conor by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried MagisT for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or punished trate, or by a for the same, otherwise than by cashiering; and that whenever fr^d'b°Court any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of martiaffbr°tj ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other same Ofienc* Officer having the Custody^of the Records of such Court, or the

36

Cap. 5.

Mutiny.

13 VICT.

Soldier* not to be taken for Debts under 301

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices,

Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, containing the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, "omitting the formal Part, and containing also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for Such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

LIL. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever enlisted into Her Majesty's Service as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom, by reason of the Warrant of any Justice or other Process, for not supporting, or for leaving chargeable on any Parish, Township, or Union, any Wife, or any Child or Children, legitimate or illegitimate, or (except in the Case of an Apprentice) on account of any Breaon of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Soldier or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Process, Order, or Execution issued out of or from any County or Inferior Court, or by any Judge or Officer thereof, either for Contempt of Court or otherwise, or by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff or some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier, or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body.

LIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of Her Majesty's Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

1850. Mutiny. Cap. 5. 37

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be com- officers not to missioned and in Full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of ShH&or being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County or other Mayors* Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City,

Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting and Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, an attested Soldier, or an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital authorized to Enlist Recruits, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and (if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist) the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Land Service he shall, within Four Days (any intervening Sunday not included) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which be shall have enlisted, before any Justice or other Magistrate residing in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person shall have enlisted, or before any Justice or other Magistrate acting for the Division, District, or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, and in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Air tides of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths; and the Fee for administering each Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to jpve under his Hand the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such

C 3 Recruit

38

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LVl. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting One Shilling as the Fee to his Clerk for* reporting the Payment to the Secretary at War shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof. Signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter,

or

39

1950, Mutiny. Cap. 5.

or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Her Majesty's Secretary at War, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, may be transferred to any Garrison, or Veteran or Invalid Battalion or Company, or into Her Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as Her Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to die contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity, or to have designedly made any false Representation upon being attested, to adjudge such Re *, emit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with hard Labout'iii.any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not uroutiiite ^Itoee Months; and any Recruit who shall design-i Wl) iklse Representation of any Particular contained Certificates in the Schedule to this Act an-duidv C 4 nexed

40

7 & 8 G. 4.C. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13VlGa

nexed before the Justice, at the Time of his Attestation, an shall obtain any Enlisting Money or Bounty for entering int Her Majesty's Service or any other Money, shall be deeme guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within th true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed ii the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending th Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connecte therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Yea of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intitule An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Irelan relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, an such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of False hood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, and any such Recruit sha] be tried for any such Offence in any County or Place where h may at any Time happen to be; and the Production of sue! Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice givinj such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Part; having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oatl sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice a the Time of his being attested; and that Proof by the Oath o One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecute* hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlist ment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Ordnance, Navy, o Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact s< by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or othe Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknow lodgment shall be certified to the Secretary at War by th Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; an* any Man having been enrolled to serve in the Militia at th Time of offering to enlist who shall deny that he is a Militi Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shal deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested tha he belongs to the Militia, shall on Conviction thereof befor any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oatl of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon th Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary a War or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain withou Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwis* liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement t< serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as \ Soldier to the Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or o the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have s* enlisted: Provided always, that every such Person shall b liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain an< Ireland in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Her Majesty' Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Foroes, ii

whid

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

41

which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Military Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service or for the Service of the East India Company, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LIX. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should ' be made for enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of ' re-enlisting and others desirous of enlisting abroad:' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, to authorize the Governors of Colonies, and of the several Presidencies in India, to appoint any Person, not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier; and every Infantry Soldier consenting to be transferred to the Cavalry or Artillery shall upon such Transfer become liable to serve the limited Period prescribed for the Cavalry or Artillery, as the Case may be, notwithstanding his original Engagement to serve in the Infantry for a shorter Period.

LX. And be it enacted, That all Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall while serving be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total

Abolition

Punishment of Officers offending against Lairs regarding Enlistment.

Enlistment and Re-enlistment abroad.

Enlistment of Negroes.

42

13 Vr

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Cap. 5.

Mutiny *

Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and servi in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have be seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Ac and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deen to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negri or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

LXI. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's the East India Company's Service, and shall state to the A gistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested tl he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaini Money under false Pretences within the true Intent a Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in 1 land, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticesh whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or n be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of Her Majesty's Regu Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, acco; ing to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some O cer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deser from Her Majesty's Forces.

LXII. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be ei tied to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Sold in Her Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, uni he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprent shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and ta the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, a produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken si Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in 1 Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless si Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the f Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Foi teen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isl for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having be above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotlai for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contrs or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, a tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotlai prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after 1 Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Per of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and th shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certifies or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when a the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall hi been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such J tice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, a unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Mast be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, tl

a

1850.

43

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of hfs being an Apprentice.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was on Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Antount so awarded, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the srime within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the sattie by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Mhster.

LXVI. And whereas certain Soldiers who have heretofore been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's

Punishment of Apprentices enlisting.

Wages of Servants enlisting.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Soldiers.

13 VICT.

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

Suspending Operation of recited Acts.

Cap. 5. Mutiny.

Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Soldiers have been so sworn and attested were duly qualified to administer to such Soldiers the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters Be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Soldier, having been duly enlisted, shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seven* teenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed during the last Session of Parliament for. the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes and in like Manner as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required by Her Majesty's Regulations, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Bates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demand it, shall be discharged from any further Service; provided as aforesaid that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty, or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until Her Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

LXVII. And whereas by Petition of Bight in the Third Year of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred

1850.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

45

and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Sub iect or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent 6 Anne, c. 14.

the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March,

it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should at any Time thereafter be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another:' But forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be it enacted,

That the said recited Acts and the several Provisions thereof shall not be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all How and where Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified may in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and that they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables,

Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them.

whether

46

Cap. 5.

Mutiny»

13 VICT.

whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Men and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men and Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that

Time

47

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Bequest of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, tq prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the Houses of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Storekeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties, and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, Which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to Lists, - signed by them respectively, of the Houses

subject

Exemptions from Billet*.

Billeting the Guards in and ncnr Westminster.

Military Officers not to act as Justices in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICTi

subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Bank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respect tive Clerks of the Peace for the Inspection of all Persons^ without Fee or Beward; and such Clerk shall forthwith frt>m< Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Two* pence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at tht least One hundred and fifty Words. I

LXX. And be it enacted, That no Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of th'd United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command1 of such Justice, but that all Warrants, Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void. 1

LXXI. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other4 Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in England shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted' at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beei\ and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid thg Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in England, except when on thd March and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and1 Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary- Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder of' other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Hep Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in England, for Hoy and* Straw, shall be Nine-pence per Diem for each Horse; and in*' Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act, shall be1 the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the* average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the* Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are billeted, the Sum of Four-pence per > Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers shall every Four Days, or before they shall

1850.

49

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LXXIL. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Powers and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of D Persons

Definition of Terms.

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

50 Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13YIOH.

Supply of Carriages.

Rates to be paid for Carriages, and Regulations relating thereto.

Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore cus* tomary.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of Her Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justices, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receive ing such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fail equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more

Horses

1850.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

Horses, or a Warn with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight, loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Hates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Four-pence. Threepence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall he enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and one other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; provided that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay to the Owners or Drivers oCthe Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be timde beforfe the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; provided that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred W eight; butthej>wner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a gmaiu ^Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Qan^agttlmirelattJ shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any lesB Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carnages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same

52

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT *

same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Cari-riages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; provided that no Penalties or Forfeituree in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

Supply of Car- LXX V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Hdr

of Emer ctiT* ^aje8ty' or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland\ o mergency. Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he ii by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the

procuring

53

1850.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women,

Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Justices em-the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions powered to re-to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the public gtobiwfor^iis Stock of the County or Riding, or if such public Stock be expended by insufficient then out of the Monies which the said Justices them-shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Routes in Ire. Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being land *

of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, (but pot when passing in any hired or private Vehicle,) and all Re-cruita, marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escori, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out iov Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and tlo^seg Jbelonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service undfer the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or baggage or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from yr upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing IWnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed;

rvided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, ges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Pcr-baggage, or Stores along any Canid from Payment ke Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are D 3 liable

Tolls.

54

Ferries.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with. Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

dap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That when any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary at War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXaII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Lawand that if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command accused of any Crime or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects which is punishable by the well-known Laws of the Land, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate thereof, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

LXXXIII. And for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, be it enacted, That the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by Her Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negotiate or receive, for any Purpose whatsoever, any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or Treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

I#XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except &^ft0Cruiting Parties as may be stationed uu.ier Military CbtiAiftand) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed

55

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Pen.i'l unlaw tu

reel u'tin

I

Penalting for inducing Soldiers to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

4

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 Vkjt.

Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous* or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by ai^y other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Soldier to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Soldier is about !to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall, conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Officer or Soldier who shall forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. I

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arras, Tools* or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever -aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months \ and if any Person shall bring into such Prison to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be? in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be

liable

185&

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

57

liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution; of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable ' to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall, upon "Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time Hot exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may then be nnexpired; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in England and Wales shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons, so far as any Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his m their Assistants, to apprehend, or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

XC. And be it enacted, That any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine or to discharge or deliver Over any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XCI. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping

Certain Provisions of Gaol Acts to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine^. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

68

Cap. 5.

Mutiny. 13 VICT.

any such Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more Justices of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence a Copy of the Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction of the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of each or of any of Her Majesty's Colonies, on the Recommendation of the Officer for the Time being administering the Government of any such Colony, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to any such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person administering the Government of any such Colony on Her Majesty's Behalf, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be

fassed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by iaw vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer as aforesaid

1850. Mutiny. Cap. 5. 59

in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Colonial Legislature.

XCII. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Penalties upon Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting Civil Subject* any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom ^"n^The shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House Laws relating not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to rn*8es# billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, Or shall cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the, March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled, or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, they being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training err in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages

or

Cap. 5.

Mutiny.

13 VICT.

Penalties upon the Military so offending.

Penalty on killing Game.

or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon [any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant pennit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCIV. And for the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, with-

Mutiny.

Cap. 5.

01

out Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XCV. And be it enacted, That any Action which shall be Form of brought against any Person for anything to be done in pur- Action* it Law. suance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become non-suited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scodand, and iu no other Court whatsoever.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which any Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceed- Penalties, ing Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty, or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penal-tles and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said neatedf Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Qfftyfp's committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Mmsfy'a Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the realties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persona exorcising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall

11 & 12 Vict. c. 4S.

62

13 VICT

Appropriation of Penalties.

58t6 W.4. c. 76.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Licences of Canteens.

Cap. 5. Mutiny.

shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster* or in Dublin, or in the Court of Sessions in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That when any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper

1B5CW Mutiny. Cap. 5. 63

Officers, within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

C. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists Attestation of which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be bo Accounts, verified before and attested by any Justice without Fee or Reward to himself or to his Clerk.

CI. And be it enacted, That all Commissaries upon making Commissaries up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign atte8t their Service, shall make the Declaration described in the Schedule to ccoimt* this Act annexed; which Declaration, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, and if made on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which be shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

CIL. And be it enacted, That all Oaths and Declarations Administration which are authorized and required by this Act may be adminis- of Oaths, tered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person Perjury, taking a false Oath or Declaration' in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CIU. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punish- »g*inst former ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the ^Article of Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War \var. made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

64

Duration of the Act.

Alteration of the Act.

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

CIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and shall be and continue in foroe within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and shall be and continue in force in all other Farts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty inclusive to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

CV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the

best

1850/; Mutiny. Cap. 5,

bestofiriy Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I.will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the 6ourt-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

Form of Oath of a Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any

account whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or fli Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Notice to be given tso a Recruit, or left at his Place of Abode or at the Place at which he stated that it was his Intention to sleep, agreeably to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act, within Forty-eight, but not sooner than Twenty-four, Hours after his Enlistment, the Hours of Sunday not being counted.

Date__________ 185 .

you enlisted with at

b'Clock* on the Day of for the Regiment and if you do not come

forward on or before o'Clock* on the

for the Purpose of being token before a Magistrate, either to be attested, or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the enlisting Shilling and any Pay you have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be legally adjudged to be a Soldier without Attestation, and will be proceeded against as a Deserter.

Signature of the Officer, or Ndn-commis- 1______ *

sioned Officer, commanding the Party. J

Name of the Recruit Residing at

A.M. or P.M. as the Case may be.

E

Questions

69

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Questions to be put separately by the Justice to a Recruit

ON ENLISTING.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you bom?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lama; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Iambs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Term of [this Blank

to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may bej], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day,

and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia?

13. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note. — The Justice is directed, in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Enlisting for Service in Her Majesty's Colonies. Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

Arc you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Colony of for the Term of Blank to be

filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance

Corps,

Mutiny. Cap. 5 *

Ccrpt, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such farther Terra, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's

, Service.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8* Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as Her Majesty shall think fit to order, for the Term of [this Blank to be filed up by the Justices with Ten Years for Irfantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may he)], provided your Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for the East India Company's Service.

Question 8. to be pat by the Justice as follows:

8. Axe you willing to be attested to serve the East India Company* for the Term of [this Blank to be filed

up by the Justices with Ten Years for Irfantry, and Twelvefor Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or Upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may he)], provided the said Company should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry or Artillery, as the Case may be.

68

Cap. 5. Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions have been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Oraers of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________Signature of Recruit

__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice, __________

If enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Com* pang's Service, the following Addition is to be made to the foregoing Oath:

And that if Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the East India Company, then I swear that I will also be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

If enlisting for the East India Company's Service, the following is to be added to the Oath:

And that I also will be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

to wit.

in my

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

I T One of Her Majesty's Justices of

J the Peace of do hereby certify, That

Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to; that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested

thu

1860, Mutiny. Cap. 5.

this Day; that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence, or within the Division or District or Place for which I act; that I am not an Officer of the Army; and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________Signature of Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Soldier renewing his Service.

J Number do declare, That I

am at present (or was, as the Case may be,) in

Captain Company in the Regiment; that

I enlisted on the Day of for a Term

of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, [or in the Forces of the East India Company, as the Case may be,] for a further Term of Years [to be

filled up with Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Infantry or Twenty-four in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am

by Trade a, and that was

bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the

Term of Years; and that the said

did on or about the Day of abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged

about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thousand eight >

hundred and I

Form

70

13 VICT.

Cap. 5t Mutiny.-

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T One of Her Majesty's Justices of

"it* J the Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to

him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day

of abscond and auit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's

Accounts.

J do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I

have not applied any Monies or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office; and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter 62, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, and for substituting Declarations in lieu thereof.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of, or Commander in Chief or Second in Command

et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may ie].

No.

Mutiny.

Oflp *

n

1860

No.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the . Day of as

a Deserter from the Regiment of

Age -

Height ... - Feet. Isobes.

Complexion -

Hair -

Eyes ... m

Marks

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where -

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place

t Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended -

Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed ...

\Whether the Prisoner was appre-I bended or voluntarily surrendered himself as a Deserter -

[Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he is a Deserter

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by Ms Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the shore-mentioned Cprps.

Signature and Address p of Magistrate.

- Signature of Prisoner.

* — Signature of Informant.

I certify that I hare inspected the Prisoner, and consider him { for Military Service.

---- Signature of Military Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or unfit.*' ss the Case may be; tnd tf unlit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

f Insert Mls" or "isnot/Nis the Case may be.

72

Cdp* 6.

13 Vic *

Lord High Admiral, &p. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Marine Mutiny.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of Heif Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[25th March 1850.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of ' this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under ' the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord ' High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships, or Merchants Ships or Vessels, 4 or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Ves-

sels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they

will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be

forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to

any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law,

or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers,

and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime in breach of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make, ordain, and establish Rules and Articles of War under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach, of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, or to the Discipline of the Royal Navy, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; apd Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior

Courts

issa

Marine Mutiny *

Cap. 6.

7 *

Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the British Isles shall by such Articles be subject to be transported as a Felon or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences com- Offences mitted against any former Act made for the Regulation of the forum Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the tn^Artide^of Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established War.

by virtue of the same, may during the Continuance of this Act be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Limitation as Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence to Time* against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, snail not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape, and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend to the Act touod Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the to er#ey* Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing

and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial; and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who slum cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

I

Cap. 6. Marins Mutiny. 13 VICT«

also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds, in the feud Islands.

IV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law for Crimes thereby cognizable; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine charged with any Capital Offence, or with any Violence or Offence against the Person or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect or refuse to assist, any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

V. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall have been tried before any of the ordinary Courts of Law for any Crime cognizable in such Courts shall be liable to be punished for the same by any Court-martial otherwise than by cashiering; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed fbfc* such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from Any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order

declaring

m

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6. 75

declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shah during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial or to Naval Discipline, he shall be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act,

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Admiral»

Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said holding General Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more Courts-martial, of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other &c* Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants io the Officer or Officers commanding in dhief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom ad Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces under their Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, the Officer so authorized not being however below the Degree of a Field Officer, except upon the Western Coast of Africa, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place, where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial General Couru-convened in Saint Helena, Africa, Honduras, New Zealand, martial' the Australian Colonies, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, shall consist of not less then Five Commissioned Officers 5 that if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas ', dr in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions,

excepting

76

District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Divisional and

Detachment

Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, &c.

Courts-martial in special Cases out of the Queen's Dominions.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 Vict-

excepting the Parts afore mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and that if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or of the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers; and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, New ^Zealand, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in Africa, where it may consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

X. And be it enacted, That a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it be found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offence may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any District Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces which may at any Time be serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; anu every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining

Witnesses,

1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 0. 77

Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, when necessary or expe- Officers of the dient, Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and of the Royal M«rine mnd Marines may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial, whetherithe n»y «t in'coo-Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is junction on assembled belongs to the Land or Marine Forces; and when Couru-martUL the Person to be tried shall belong to the Royal Marines, then the Proceedings of such Court-martial shall be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Provisions of the Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, provided there be no Supe- if no Superior

nor Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command L*nd

of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may J^tia Com! be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine mind of a Di»-Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commis- Marine?" sion from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for convene a executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, Court-martial, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as afore stated, and for such

Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial, and that such Courts so convened shall possess the same Power and Authority in awarding Punishments in all respects as if the Court had been assembled under the Act for the Time being for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in the Army: Provided always, that the Sentence so awarded shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison,

Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That the President of every Court- President of martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Court-mmrtbL Courts, and shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in

chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Prisoner belongs, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant

Vessel,

Proceeding* at Trial.

Swearing and summoning Witnesses.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had.

XVI. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed, but if he object to any Officer other than the President such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courtfr-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning f rom the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin,

or

78

1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap. &

or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in Lon* don or Dublin, or the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute or their respective Substitutes within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That after a Prisoner has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Prisoner shall have been tried may, before passing Sentence on such Prisoner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding, and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of the Infliction or Remission of all or any Part of such Sentence, made from the original Minutes of such Court or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer, Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necesuury to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinanr Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herea*£et(h& provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any-spch Court or other Officer having Custody of the

Records

Previous Convictions to be put in Evidence.

M

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 Vict.

Report of Proceedings of CourU-martiaL

No second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such, at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial

XX. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier being acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-ipartial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts

1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6. 81

Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subject to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or wluch he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge* or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Poet; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who, being confined in a Military Prison, shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Judgment of Death by Judgment of Court-martial, shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Demth-Officers present shall concur therein.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever any General Commutation Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think ranspo °0, the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-

martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country F or

Cap. 6.

Marine Mutiny.

13 VICT.

Embezzlement punishable by Transportation.

Transportation of Offenders.

or Place which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Officer and other Person employed in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military or Royal Marine Stores, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentenpe that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and every Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXV. And be it enacted, That whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute, as herein provided, any Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified

83

1860.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

fied in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave, of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be. necessary to inquire into the same.

84

In the Colonies.

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Transportation.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 Vict.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard Labour during the Term of his Transportation by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That when any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Transportation, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to be transported as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Transportation to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol

or

85

1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.

or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, or to mitigate such Sentence by awarding Imprisonment, either solitary or with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; provided that such Commutation of Punishment to solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed the Period herein-after prescribed.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and that any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, with Intent to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

F 3 In

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

Marine Mutiny. 13 Vict.

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement j

or during Absence on Corn-

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to rendei himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing 01 aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Stores, or in receiving them knowing them to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, 01 in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the sam< to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same U be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying publi< Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulen Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Marine who shal be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Findinj having been duly approved, or of Felony in any Court of ordi nary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of an] Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in anj Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by His Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committee therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantag as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension o\ Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Lengtl of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which sucl Court may award.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioner Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether unde Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinemen for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Appren tice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time wit! his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during an; Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engage ment, or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, sue! Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of th limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer o Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time c Service may have been prolonged; and that no Marine shal be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, o during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinemen

unde

186a

87

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.

under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in arrest for Debt; and that when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and that any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without hard Labour, or with or without solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he shall have so absented himself; and, in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall, in addition to any other

F 4 Punishment

mitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt;

or when Prisoner of War:

or when convicted of Desertion.

Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.

88 Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Punishment which such Court is competent to award, deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

Forfeiture of

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may P»y for Drunk- sentence any Marine for being drunk when on or for Duty or enoess on Duty, paraje^ or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

Stoppage*

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That, in addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified: Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any other Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that except in the Case of the Loss, Dis posal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Accoutrements and Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also,

that

issa

89

Marine Mutiny* Cap. 6.

that after satisfying the Charges for his messing and washing, so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That on the first and on every subsequent Conviction of Desertion the Court-martial, after awarding such Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Siae, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That a General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and that any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine may be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with an Interval between them of not less Duration than such Periods of solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be solitary only, the Period shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

XL. And be it enacted, That whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on a Person already imprisoned under Sentence of a Court-martial for any former Offence, it shall be lawful for the Court to award Imprisonment for the subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced; and where such Person shall be already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherwise awarded.

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking

Deserters.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Term and Place of Imprisonment.

Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.

Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT

XLL. And be it enacted, That, save as herein specially provided, every Term of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or.

until

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

91

until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned by the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody upon any Charge or for any Offence, Civil, Criminal, or Military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, if he be confined under Sentence of Imprisonment, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the

Their Subsistence in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment in Common Gaols.

Military Prisons established under Act for punishing Mutiny and De-

* ertion in Array to be deemed public Prisons.

Musters and Penalty on false Musters.

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act

XLVII. And be it enacted, That Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the Service of Her Majesty; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every

Desertion

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

93

Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

L. And be it enacted, That upon reasonable Suspicion that Apprehension a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or °* Deaerim if no Constable can be immediately met with, then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Marine in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, or by Evidence sufficient to satisfy such Justice, that there are reasonable Grounds for believing that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or if such Head Quarters or Depot shall not be stationed within Five Miles, then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided A9 the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody, and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Karnes of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Penalty on Marines straggling or attempting to desert from Head Quarters.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of the same; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or if the Detachment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding in the Colony a descriptive Return in the Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

LI. And be it enacted, That for and in respect of any Marine straggling or attempting to desert from any Head Quarters who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

LII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Person shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

LIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy, or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall, to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence

thereof.

95

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

thereof, and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in cose such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and, if in Scotland or Ireland, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person dull have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the

Clerk

74 8 G. 4. c. 89.

9G. 4. C. 55.

96 Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

Marines not to be taken for Debts under SOI, or for not supporting Family.

Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

LIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LV. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by liim in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LVI. And be it enacted, That no Marine shall be liable to be arrested or taken from Her Majesty's Service by reason of the Warrant of any Justice or other Process, for not supporting, or leaving chargeable on any Parish, Township, or Union, any Wife, or any Child or Children, legitimate or illegitimate, or (except in the Case of an Apprentice) on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer;

1830.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

91

and no Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Process, Order, or Execution whatsoever, or by the Order or Decree of any Court or of any Judge or Officer thereof, for Contempt, or on any Account whatsoever other than for some Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff, or some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process, Order, Decree, or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas Corpus shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body.

LVII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of Her Majesty's Officers not Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under liable to take Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor APprca* Child bound Apprentice to him.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be Officer* not to commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine SherifB or Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be M, yort *

Sheriff of any County or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting and Enlisting Money (knowing it to be such) to serve in the Royal swearing of R*-Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, cn, ltl* and being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall, within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money, cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and, if such Recruit shall not

N

w

Dlaaent and Relief from Enlistment.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT

beside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight Hours, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, (any intervening Sunday not included,) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine he shall within Ninety-six Hours, (any intervening Sunday not included,) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such Enlisting, unless he shall voluntarily have absented himself or absconded, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, not being an Officer in the Marines, residing in the Vicinity of the Place or acting for the Division or District or Place where such Recruit shall have enlisted* or where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party shall be stationed, and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the several Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit, and no other Oaths, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fee for administering such Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Justice, at the Request of the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted, to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LX. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to or on account of such Recruit subsequent to his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to

declare

1850.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

99

declare his Dissent within such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice upon Proof to his Satisfaction that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting One Shilling as the Pee to his Clerk for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto, and demanding the same: Provided also, that no Recruit who has actually, though erroneously, been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Cause thereof.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive Offence* con-the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or en refuse to go before a Justice, or shall absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Ninety-six Hours as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a De-

G 2 D, I, GootfRet-

100

7 & 8 G. 4. C. 29.

9G. 4. C. 55.

Cap. 6.

Marine Mutiny *

13 VICT.

serter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he shall be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, Division, District, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his belonging or having belonged to the Militia, or any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or the Forces of the East India Company, and discharged, or to have deserted therefrom, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity, or designedly made any false Representation at or previously to the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths, and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, and any such Recruit shall be tried for any such Offence in any County or Place where he may at any Time happen to be; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his having been attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily aknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marine or Ordnance, or that he designedly made any false Representation of any Particular contained in the said Oaths and Certificates or either of them before the Justice at the Time of the Attestation of the Person being prosecuted, shall

1850.

101

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.

be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact bo by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled to serve in the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist into the Marines who shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Marine to the Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted: Provided also, that every such Person shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in which he has so enlisted during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve therein.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

1Q2

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny* 13 VICT.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland, for the foil Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXV. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person

so

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6<

so enlisted deokred that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by nis Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXVII. And whereas certain Marines who have heretofore

been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath ' of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Marines ' have been so sworn and attested were the proper Justices

to administer to such Marines the Oaths prescribed by the ' several Acts passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal ' Marine Forces while on shore Be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Marine having been duly enlisted shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like Manner, as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent

G 4 without

109

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Servants enlisting to be en-tiUed to a Portion of their Wages.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.

Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.

13 Vict.

Cap. 6. Marfa* Mntinj.

without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

LXIX. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawml for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required* to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bit and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were therein locally situated: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables,

shall

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6.

1W

shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marifae Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person having Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to their Houses; and it. shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Marines in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Per- Allowance to Bon on whom any Marine is billeted in England shall, if fenkcepeta. required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny* 13 VICT,

the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Nine-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority firom Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billeted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the Officers and Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons on whom such Men are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer, and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty shall be immediately paid and charged to the Officer's Account.

issa

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6,

LXXL. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision Supply of of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage Carriage *, on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, suppfy the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to snGh Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far'as the same can done.

LXXLL. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which for the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed Carria«e* shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel. One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel *

Nine-

Cap. 6, Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in England when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Jua-tice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Session^ if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher: Provided always, that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable: Provided also, that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland\ consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for, Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at

1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap.

the Time of the Union with England: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to 'the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Providing for Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the *ypp!y -Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating gray, that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains,

Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, thettin specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps order to be eofeveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said as he is by this Act required to take for the ordi-of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of the procuring of the ordinary Supply of 'Dufies of Officers and Non-commissioned

Officers,

tW Cap. 6.

Marine Mutiny.

13 VICT.

Justices of Peace to direct Payment of Sums expended for Carriages, &c.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may depute Persons to sign Routes.

Exemption from Tolls.

Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages of Vessels so required on Emergency, according to^the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to Convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such public Stock be insufficient then'out of the Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Marines, being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses,

£>ut not when passing in any private or hired Vehicle,) and all ecruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying

Persons

1850.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 6! 111

Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

TiXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Marine upon Marching being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allow- 0, 1 D"* since (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-onC

Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged oh account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled '

to any such Allowance.

LaX VTll. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of Notification to every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or ^wishes of other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving Conduct of Ma-a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name rines. of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of such Notification.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Penalties upon Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting Cmi Subjects any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any Housd u^relaiing not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the to Billets and Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty w hen thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men

m

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sura not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXiC. And be it enacted, That if any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate thereof be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge

1850. *>- Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.] I:)

ehrge the same in due Time for their Return home on the feme Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, far which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the some shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, be shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer Penalty for who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty's forc'l*>le Entry. Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall Penalty for detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive froni any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any from any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any rine.

Marine, or shall be employed by any Marine, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according ' to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed 7, Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles, which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barraoks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, or Necessaries to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every mch Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together

tii Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of ^Ueh such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more JTustiees of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed

[No, 8, JPrice 2</.] ' II . to

114 Capw 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to he imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit, and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the Conviction certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction for the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

Pen&by on un* LXXXOT. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except cruitinjT^ such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

g-y-

LXXXIV. And for the better Preservation of the Game Game" 1 and Fish in or near such Place where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, and who upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Limitation of LXXX V. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be

Actions. brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the

1850. Marine Mutiny* Cap. 6. V! 5

tie Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, the same shall be brought in tome one of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence, on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in tny such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Penalties. Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Jus- 11 & 12 Vict. tices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and .Wales with c-43-respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that m all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds

II 2 shall

116 Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny, 13 VICT.

shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions. Appropriation

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every of Penalties. BUCh Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 5 & 6 W.4. c. 76. William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

Licences of

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Canteens. any Xwo Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also

frant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Arsons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

Mode of record-

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the

ing a Marine* United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall Settlement. quartered on shore, may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer,

to

.1850. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6. 117

to be produced when required; which said Examination and «uch attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XC. And be it enacted, That all Oaths and Declarations Administration which are authorized or required by this Act may be adminis- °ath*' tered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that'any Person giving Perjury. false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

XCI. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in Definition of this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to Term *, extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act.in the Execution of this Act; and all Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to die Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer,

Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drank in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses

H 3 of

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Duration of Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 6. Marine Mutiny. 13 VICT.

of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, CkUfr, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in England in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

XCII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one inclusive.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

1850i Marin* Mutiny* Cap. 6.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

119

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do swear, That I will duly administer Justice,

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the beat of my Understand* mg, and the Custom of War in the like Cases; and I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at iny Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law* So help me GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall he duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Questions to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

H 4 8. Are

120

Cap. 6.

Marine Mutiny.

13 VICT.

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Ma-

rine Forces for the Term of [This Blank

to be filled up by the Justice with " Twelve rears," if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under that Age then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years\ provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for Such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day,

and where and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist ?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia ?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ord-

nance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note. — The Magistrate is directed in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions have been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that I gave and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear tmi Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; anc that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defenc Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obej all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and o the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

Signature of the Recruit Witness present

Sworn before me at

Day of hundred and o'Clock.

____Signature of the Justice.

CertifiCat

C

1M0. I Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

H air, .

Any distinctive Mari.

1 J one of Her Majesty's Justices of the

town, j Peace at do hereby certify, That the

above is the Description of the Recruit and in

my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to the said that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth Articles of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; that he was not

attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that [this Blank is to be supplied

by the Wards " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence," or by the Words wthe Place where he swears that he enlisted is within the Division, District, or Place for which I act," or by the Words " I am acting within the Division, District, or Place where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party is stationed," as the Case may be"] \ that I am not an Officer in the Marines, and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

J do declare, That I am at present [or was, as

the Case may fe,] in the Division of the Royal

Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day of

for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to

be filled up with Twelve Years, and in the Case of a Marine about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-four Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________

, b__________Signature of Marine.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form

122

13 VICT.

Gap.6} Marine Mutiny.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am

by Trade a, and that was

bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the

Term of Years; and that the said did

on or about the Day of last abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged

about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thousand eight J *

hundred and J

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

Pone of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred mid,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to

him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day

of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

L.

1&5Ql Marine Mutiny. Cap. 6.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as

Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age -

Height ..... Feet. Inches.

Complexion -

Hair .....

i s s w*.

Marks .....

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where -

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

(Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended -

(Particulars of the Evidence on I which the Prisoner is committed ...

/ AWhether the Prisoner was apprehended or voluntarily surrendered himself as a Deserter -

Whether the Prisoner confessed I before the Magistrate that he is a Deserter

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

Signature and Address

of Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- — Signature of Informant.

t Insert " is " or " n not," a» the Csse may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

— - ' Signature of Mi-

li tarry Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit/' in the Case may be sod it unfit, state tbs Cams of Unfitness.

124

Cap. 7. Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages. 13 Vict.

Office of Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages abolished.

Duties of abolished Office transferred to Commissioners of Police.

Retiring Allowances may be granted to Officers whose Office abolished.

Standings for Hackney Carriages to be appointed.

CAP. VII.

An Act for consolidating the Office of the Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages with the Office of Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis, and making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices.

[25th March 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to abolish the Office of the Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages, and to provide for the Execution of the Duties of the Office of the

Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages by the Office of the Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Office of Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages be hereby abolished.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Jurisdiction, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Interests, and Duties now vested in or exercised by the Office of Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages hereby abolished shall be transferred to and vested in and shall hereafter be exercised by the Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they were vested in and might have been exercised by the said Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby empowered, to grant such retiring Allowances and Compensation as under the Circumstances of the Case they may deem reasonable and proper to any Officer or Person who may be deprived of his Office or Employment, or be superseded under the Provisions of this Act; and all such retiring Allowances and Compensations shall be paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue out of any Monies to arise from any of the Duties under their Care and Management.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Police from Time to Time to appoint Standings for Hackney Carriages at such Places as they shall think convenient in any Street, Thoroughfare, or Place of public Resort within the Metropolitan rolice District, any Law3 Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, and at their Discretion to alter the same, and from Time tc Time to make Regulations concerning the Boundaries of the same, and the Number of Carriages to be allowed at any such

Standing.

125

1850. Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages., Cap. 7.

Standing, and the Times at and during which they tnay stand and ply for Hire at any such Standing, and also from Time to Time to make such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall deem proper for enforcing Order at every such Standing, and for removing any Person who shall unnecessarily loiter or remain at or about any such Standing; and the said Commissioners shall cause all the Orders and Regulations to be made by them as aforesaid to be advertised in the London Gazette, and a Copy thereof^ signed by One of the said Commissioners, to be hung up for public Inspection in the Office of the Commissioners of Police in the City of Westminster and at each of the Police Courts, and such Copy shall be received in Evidence in the said Courts as if it were the Original of which it purports to be a Copy, and shall be taken to be a true Copy of such original Order or Regulation, without further Proof than the Signature of the saud Commissioner.

V. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers

given to the said Commissioners of Police by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage 1 Carriages in and near London, to appoint, alter, and regulate ' Standings for Hackney Carriages, supersede the Powers and 1 Provisions relating to the same Matters or Subject contained (in local and other Acts applicable to certain Parishes and Places within the Metropolitan Police District:* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the several Acts in force before the passing of the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty as relates to the appointing, continuing, iltering, directing, or regulating Standings for Hackney Carriages or Chairs within any Part of the Metropolitan Police District shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except so far as the Provisions of the said Acts may repeal the whole or any Part of any other Acts in relation to the Matters aforesaid, and except as to Offences and other Matters committed or done before the Commencement of this Act, which shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty contained shall alter or repeal, or be construed to alter or repeal, or invalidate, or in anywise prejudicially affect, either wholly or in part, an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for ornamenting and embellishing the Centre or Area of Bloomsbury Square in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury' in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Hackney Coaches standing or plying for Hire in or near the said Square\

Repeal of Local Acts.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 86.

Saving of Bloomsbury Square Act.

46 O. $. C. 1S4.

One Police Commissioner may act.

This Act to be construed with 6 & 7 Vict. c. 86.

Commencement of this Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Things herein authorized to be done by the Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis shall be done by such One of the said Commissioners as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall from Time to Time be pleased to appoint

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed os One Act with the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for regulating Hackney and Stage Carriages in and near London, and that all the Provisions of the said Act, except so far as is herein otherwise provided, shall extend to this Act, and to all Things done in execution of this Act

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

1850.

Commons Inclosure.

Cap. 8.

127

CAP. VIII.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Fifth Annual General Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and to confirm the Proceedings in the Matter of the Common Wood Inclosure* [17th May 1850.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the Division of intermixed Lands, to provide Remedies for defective or incomplete Executions and for the Non-execution of the Powers of general a*d local Inclosure Acts, and to provide for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases, issued Provisional Orders for and concerning the several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and have, in the Annual General Report of their Proceedings, certified their Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

£L 4 And whereas in the Matter of the Inclosure of Common Wood situate in the Parish of Holt in the County of Denbigh the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales did, on the Twelfth of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, give Notice of their Intention to proceed with such Inclosure: And whereas the Award of the Valuer in the Matter of the said Inclosure was, on the Sixteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, confirmed by the said Commissioners, and a Part of the said Lands were sold by the said Valuer: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Land, the Subject Matter of such Inclosure, were a stinted Pasture, or Lands subject to Rights of Common which might be exercised at all Times of every Year, for Cattle levant and couchant upon other Land,

and whether as each the said Inclosure should not have recoved the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted, That the Award made in thb Matter of the said Inclosure, and all Proceedings, Matter ^, and Things taken and done by the Valuer in the Matter of the said Inclosure, and by the said Commissioners, shall, as from the Confirmation of the said Awnd, be confirmed, and be as valid and have the same Force and Effect as if the said Inclosure had received the previous Authority of Parliament; and all Persons holding any of the and Lands under or by virtue of such Award, Proceedings, I Matters,

8 & 9 Vict. c. 118.

Inclosures mentioned in Schedule may be proceeded with.

Proceedings in the Matter of Common Wood Inclo«ure confirmed.

128 Cap. 8, 9. Commons Inclosure. 13 VICT.

Matters, and Things, or any of them, shall have the same Title to such Lands as if the said Inclosure had received such previous Authority: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect any Proceedings at Law which shall have been commenced before the Time of the passing of this Act, or any Costs in relation thereto.

[Short Title.]

III. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Annual Inclosure Act, 1850."

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Llanbedr-y-cenin - m Carnarvon - 8th February 1849-

Caerhyn - Carnarvon - 8th February 1849.

Bewerley Moor and Hard- York - 23d July 1849.

castle Moor.

Sherwood Forest, Part of, in Nottingham - 23d July 1849.

Mansfield.

Tilford Surrey - 28 th February 1849-

Weston Subedge Gloucester - 23d July 1849.

Carshalton and Wallington - Surrey - 19th April 1849.

Kewstoke - Somerset 10th May 1849.

Dalbury Lees Green - Derby - 14th June 1849.

Dillicar Common Westmorland 24th May 1849.

Caterham - Surrey - 23d July 1849.

Bolham Hill Devon - 20th September 1849.

Churchstanton - Devon - 16th November 1849-

Penn Bucks - 17th October 1849.

Little Missenden Bucks - 24th January 1850-

Swinmore Common - Hereford 23d August 1849.

Storrington Sussex - 23d August 1849.

Nutbourne Common - Sussex - 23d August 1849.

Caldicot-cum-Newton - Monmouth - 18 th December 1849-

South Wootton - Norfolk 26th December 18491

Alnwick Moor - Northumberland. 18th January 1850-

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Bricks.

[17th May 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Duties and Draw-

* backs of Excise on Bricks Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

Bra^biwks of mons' *n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Excise on rity of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act all Bricks, and also the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Bricks, and also an Act 2 &s Vict. c. 24. Passe<l in the Third Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, inti-repealed; tuled An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on

Bricks,

185a

Brick Duties.

129

Cap. 9.

Bricks, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof and to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and paying the said Duties and Drawbacks, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as the said Act repeals any former Act or Acts, or any Part thereof, and save and except also so far as relates to any of the said Duties and Drawbacks which have been charged or incurred or become payable respectively at any Time before the passing of this Act, and all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in respect thereof or in relation thereto, all which said last-mentioned Duties, Drawbacks, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall respectively be sued for, recovered, levied, paid, and applied in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it enacted, That, by way of Drawback or Remission of Duty on the Stocks of Bricks in the Possession of the Makers thereof, there shall be allowed and repaid or remitted to the Maker or Owner of all Bricks which at the Time of the passing of this Act are in the entered Field or other entered Premises where the same have been made and charged with Duty, and which are in a sound and perfect State, and have not been used for any Purpose, excepting for the casing of Clamps, a Moiety of the Duty which has been charged on such Bricks; and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall forthwith cause Accounts of all such Bricks to be taken by their Officers, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners may make in that Behalf, and shall allow and repay or remit a Moiety of the said Duties, according to such Accounts respectively.

III. And whereas various Contracts have been made before ' the passing of this Act for the Sale and Purchase or requiring ' the Use of Bricks, and such Contracts have been made on the c Assumption that the Duties of Excise on Bricks payable by Law at the Time of making such Contracts would continue Be it enacted, That the Maker or Seller of or Person using any Bricks by or under any such Contract shall and he is hereby required, from and after the Twenty-seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, to make an Abatement from such Contract, equivalent to the Duty from which he will be relieved under or by virtue of this Act, in respect of all such Bricks which he shall send out and deliver or use under or in pursuance of any such Contract as aforesaid after the Twenty-seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, (that is to say,) for and in respect of all such Bricks, if any, which at the Period last aforesaid were in the Field, Yard, or Premises where the same were made and charged with Duty a Moiety of the said Duty charged thereon, and for and in respect of all such Bricks which shall be made at any Time after the said Twenty-seventh Day of March a Sum equal to the Duty of Excise which at the Time of making such Contract was payable on Bricks of the like Description.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

except a* to Arrears and Penalties in respect thereof.

Drawback of

a Moiety of the Duty charged to be allowed on the Stocks of Bricks in the Possession of Makers at the passing of this Act.

Purchasers of Bricks under Contracts made before the 27th Day of March 1850 to be allowed by the Seller an Abatement from the Price thereof equivalent to the Duties from which the latter is relieved, and to allow the same to the Persons with whom they have contracted.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 10.

Exchequer Bills.

13 VICT.

Treasury may raise 9, 200,000l. by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by

48 G.S. c. 1.

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 15.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

The Treasury to apply the Money raised.

Bills, hoar to be charged and paid.

CAP. X.

An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

[17th May 1850.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon

Exchequer Bills. Cap; 10, 11.

131

upon and sba.ll \>e paid out of any Supplies to be granted in the next Season of Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made interest on out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on Bi, ls* which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Kate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. And be it enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills to be Bill* charged made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Sur^n^in° Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after paym^t of" Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken Public Revenue and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors aftr ^w*ive in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Months from Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, or their Dates, which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty,

Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

Bank of England

VII. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Excher 9, 200,000l. on quer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sura or th.e Credit of Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds; anything in an Act 5 & 6 W. passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King c. 20.

William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

WHEREAS by the Act passed in the Eighth Year of 1 " Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amend- 7 Vict ment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England^ and by the c* 101.

Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend the Law for the Formation of n*isVi« 4 Districts for the Education of Infant Poor, Provisions are c* 82r

CAP. XI.

An Act to make better Provision for the Contributions of Unions and Parishes in School Districts to the common Funds of the respective Districts.

[17th May 1850.]

made

School Districts Contributions.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. s. 47.

Repeitl of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101.8.47. in part.

The Mode in which the A ve rages of Unions and Parishes combined in School Districts shall be ascertained and declared.

Cap. 11.

13 Vict.

made for the Formation of School Districts for the Management of certain Infant Poor by the Combination of Unions and Parishes into such Districts: And whereas it is by the said first-recited Statute enacted, that the Expenses incurred by any District Board in the Purchase or Hire of any Building or Buildings to be used as a School, or in erecting,

repairing, adding to, or fitting up any Building, and in the Purchase of Utensils and Materials for the Employment of the Inmates of such School, or of Books and other Objects and Things necessary for the Instruction of such Inmates,

and the Salaries of the Officers and Servants of the Esta" blishment, and all other Expenses incurred on the common Account of the Parishes or Unions, or Parishes and Unions,

so united for the Management of any Class of Infant Poor,

or incidental to the Discharge of the Duties of such District Board, shall be paid by such Unions in the Proportion of the Averages last declared for every such Union, and by such Parishes in the Proportion of the average Expenditure of every such Parish for the like Period and Purposes as those to which the declared Averages of such Unions shall relate; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by Order under their Hands and Seal, ascertain and declare the Proportion and Bates of Contribution in the above respects of every such Parish and Union :w And whereas such Provision for the Contributions of the several Unions and Parishes in such Districts is inconvenient, and it is desirable that the same should be repealed, and other Provisions should be enacted for the Purpose aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act so much of the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty as is herein-before recited, providing for the Contribution of the Unions and Parishes comprised in any such School District, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That in respect of any District heretofore formed or hereafter to be formed under the Provisions of the Statutes aforesaid the Poor Law Board shall cause an Inquiry to be made as to the average annual Expense incurred by or on account of the Belief of the Poor in every Union and Parish forming an integral Part of such District during the Three Years ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March next before the Date of the Formation of such District, such Expense to include the Cost of the Belief of the Poor belonging to the Parish, or, in the Case of a Union, the Cost of the Belief of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes thereof! and of those chargeable upon the common Fund thereof, and in each Case the Payment of the Salaries of all Officers engaged in the Administration of the Belief of the Poor, and other like Expenses of current and ordinary Nature; and the said Board shall by an Order declare the respective Averages so ascertained

1850. School Districts Contributions. Cap. 11, 12. 133

tained, and after the Issue of such Order the several Unions and Parishes comprised in any such District shall contribute to the several Charges set forth in the Clause herein-before cited from the said first-mentioned Statute according to the Proportion of the Averages declared in such Order until the same shall be altered by any subsequent Order of the said Board.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Poor Law Board, from Provision for Time to Time whenever it shall seem proper to them to do so, th« duration may cause a fresh Inquiry to be made in manner aforesaid, in ^esh Aver' respect of any such District, as to the Expense of the Unions and Parishes therein for the Three Years ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March next preceding such Inquiry, and declare by their Order the Averages ascertained by such Inquiry, and thereupon the Contributions of the several Unions and Parishes in such District to the Charges aforesaid shall be calculated according to the Averages so last declared.

IV. And be it enacted, That when any Union or Parish in ca* of the shall be added to any previously formed District the said Board Addition of a shall cause the average Expense of such Union or Parish cor- unbntoan responding with the Period for which the Averages of such existing DU-District shall have been last ascertained and declared as afore- trict-said.

V. And be it enacted, That in respect of any District here- Account* in any tofore formed all Charges and Expenses which shall not have ^loied ac. been closed and audited at the passing of this Act, and to which to the said Clause of the said first-recited Statute would have according to applied, shall be estimated and settled according to the Propor- this AcU tions of the Averages to be declared according to the Provisions of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the several Words used in this Interpretation Act shall be construed in the Manner prescribed by the said of Term *, recited Statute of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and the Statutes explaining and extending it; and that every Provision of the said several Statutes not repealed shall extend to this Act, except where any such Provision would be inconsistent with anything herein contained.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. [l/th May 1850.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by an Act passed in the

134 Cap. 12. Indemnity. 13 VICT.

First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the l G.i.st.2. c. 13. t First, of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further

Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the ' Succession of the Croton in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty 13C.&. st.e. c. l. King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well-

governing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified ' themselves according to another Act passed in the Twenty-i fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the

25 c. 2. c. 2. Second, intituled An Act for preventing the Dangers which

6 may happen from Popish Recusants; or according to another

Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Ma-

30 c. 2. st 2. i jesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more

effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by

1 disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament;

or according to another Act passed in the Eighth Year of the

8 G. l. c. 6. ' Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of ' Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which

many of them lie under; or according to another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George

9 G. 2. c. 26. the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Pur* 1 pose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Second ' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time

limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration

against Transubstantiation; and for allowing a further Time i for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for ' Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; or according to another Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled

ir G. 2. c. 20. t j\n j; ct to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled " An

"Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace?' or according to another Act passed in the Sixth Year of the

6 G. 3. c. 53. Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two King-

" doms," as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted

of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; or according to ' another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His

9 G. 4. c. 17. Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repectl-

ing so much of several Acts as imposes the Necessity of receiving

the

Indemnity.

Cap. 12 *

135

the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a Qualification for

certain Offices and Employments; or according to another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman ' Catholic Subjects, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit or Corporate Offices; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Acta ' or either of them, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the ' said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred,

or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths or made the Declarations required by Law, or who on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before each Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by, any such Person

or

10 G. 4. c. 7.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

Cap. 12.

Indemnity.

13 Vict.

Indemnity to those who hate omitted to moke and subscribe the Oath and Declaration required by the Irish Act of S Anne.

Not to Indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England

and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, 4 or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented

from taking and subscribing the Declaration according to the c Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, i intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and t^at no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be* questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but that all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Brila 'n from the Penalties

1850. Indemnity. Cap. 12. 137

ties to which Vie is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Admissions to

Peace, Town Clerks, and other public Officers, and the Ad- ^a^beVtamped mission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations; after the Time

and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the allowed.

Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or

Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped,

may not have been provided, or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid Be it enacted, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the ^Revenues of the Stamp Duties, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which be or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by

reason

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

General Issue.

Heritable Property conveyed for religious or educational Purposes to vest in Dis-ponees or their Successors.

Cap. 1 2, 13. Indemnity. 13 VICT.

reason of any suoli Omission; and none of his or their Acta shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Court* of Record, already legally filled up and enjoyed by any othei Person, but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bil of Indictment, or Information shall from and after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against anj Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to b< incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence giv< this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial U be had thereupon.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to render more simple and effectual the Title by which Congregations or Societies associated fo Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in Scotland hold Real Property required for such Purposes.

[17th May 1850.

WHEREAS it is expedient to render more simple an< , 4 effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societie

associated together for the Purposes of maintaining Religion Worship or promoting Education in Scotland may hold th Heritable Property required for such Purposes:' May it there fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be i enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and wit the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b the Authority of the same, That wherever Heritable Propert) consisting of Lands or Houses in Scotland, has been or ma hereafter be acquired by any Congregation or Society or Bod of Men associated for religious Purposes or for the Promotio of Education, as a Chapel, Meeting House, or other Place c Worship, or as a Manse or Dwelling House for the Ministe of such Congregation, or Offices, Garden, or Glebe for h: Use, or as a School-house, or Schoolmaster's House, Gardei or Play-ground, or as a College, Academy, or Seminary, c as a Hall or Rooms for the Meetings or Transaction of th Business of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men, an 12 where v<

13d

1860. Titles of Religious Congregations (Scotland). Cap. 13.

wherever the Charter* Disposition, Conveyance, or Lease of such Heritable Property has been or may be taken in favour of the Minister, Kirk Session, Vestrymen, Deacons, Managers, or other Office-bearers or Office-bearer of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men, or any of them, or of Trustees appointed or to be from Time to Time appointed, or of any Party or Parties named in such Charter, Disposition, Convey* anoe, or Lease, in trust for behoof of the Congregation or Society or Body of Men, or of the Individuals composing the same, such Charter, Disposition, or Conveyance, when followed by Infeftment duly expede and recorded in Terms of Law, or such Lease, shall not only vest the Party or Parties named therein in the Lands, Houses, or other Heritable Property thereby feoed, conveyed, or leased, but shall also, after the Death or Resignation or Removal from Office of such Party or Parties, or any of them, effectually vest their Successors in Office for the Time being, chosen and appointed in the Manner provided in such Charter, Disposition, Conveyance, or Lease, or if no Mode of Appointment be therein set forth or prescribed, then in Terms of the Rules or Regulations of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men, in such Lands,

Houses, or Property, subject to such and the like Trusts, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions, as are contained in the Charter, Disposition, Conveyance, or Lease given and granted to the Parties, Disponees or Lessees therein, and that without any Transference, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Transmission or Renewal of the Investiture whatsoever, anything in such Charter, Disposition, Conveyance, or Lease contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That where no Agreement shall have Providing for been made or shall be made with the Superior of such Heri-table Property for a periodical or other Payment in lieu of tiesofSupe-the Casualty or Composition payable by Law or in Terms riority. of the Investiture upon the Entry of Heirs and singular Successors, or where the Casualty and Competition shall not have been taxed, and where by Law and under the Terms of the Investiture Composition as on the Entry of a singular Successor would be, or but for the Provisions of this Act would have been, payable upon the Entry of any Party or Parties as Successors to the Party or Parties in whose Name the Titles shall have been expede or recorded as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Superior, at the Death of the existing Vassal in such Heritable Property, and at the Expiration of every Period of Twenty-five I ears thereafter, so long as such Heritable Property shall belong to or be held for behoof of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men, to demand and take from each Congregation or Society or Body of Men, or othet Party or Parties to whom such Heritable Property may have been or shall be feued or conveyed, or by whom the same may be held, for their Behoof, a Sum corresponding to the Casualty or Composition, if any such shall in the Circumstances be due, which would have been payable upon the Entry of a singular

Successor

Sums invested on Heritable Security for religious, educational, or charitable Purposes to vest in Dis-ponees and their Successors.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 13. Titles of Religious Congregations (Scotland). 13 VICT.

Successor therein, and such Payments shall be in full of all Casualties of Entry and Composition payable to the Superior for or furth of such Heritable Property while the same shall remain the Property or be held for behoof of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men, and the Superior shall have all such and the like Preference and Execution for the Recovery of such Sums as Superiors have for the Recovery of Casualties of Superiority according to Law: Provided always, that where such Casualty or Composition shall not have been taxed in the Investiture, and the Heritable Property sofeued or conveyed shall not be situated i^ a Town or Village, or in the immediate Vicinity thereof, the Casualty or Composition payable therefor shall be held to be the annual Rent or annual Value of the Land so feued or conveyed, if let as an agricultural Subject at the Time when such Casualty or Composition shall become due and exigible in virtue of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That wherever any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been or shall be invested on Heritable Security in Scotland for the Behoof of any such Congregation or Society or; Body of Men as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any religious, educational, or charitable Object under their Administration and Management, and the Bond and Disposition in Security or other Deed whereby such Security has been or may be constituted shall have been or shall be taken in favour of any Minister, Kirk Session, Vestrymen, Deacons, Managers, Office-bearers or Office-bearer, or of Trustees as aforesaid, and duly recorded or followed by Infeftment (where Infeftment shall be necessary) duly expede and recorded in Terms of Law, Such Bond and Disposition in Security or other Deed and Infeftment (if any) shall not only effectually vest the Party or Parties therein named in such Bond and Disposition in Security or other Deed, but shall also, after the Death or Resignation or Removal from Office of such Party or Parties or any of them, effectually vest their Successors in Office for the Time being chosen and appointed in the Manner provided in such Bond and Disposition in Security or other Deed, or if no Mode of Appointment be therein set forth or prescribed, then in Terms oi the Rules of such Congregation or Society or Body of Men in such Bond and Dis-

Ssition in Security or other Deed, and the Sum or Sums of oney therein contained, subject to the same Trusts, and with and under the same Powers and Provisions, as are contained in the Bond or Disposition in Security or other Deed given and granted to the Parties Disponees therein, and that without any Transference, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Transmission, or Renewal of Investiture whatsoever, anything in such Bond or Disposition in Security or other Deed to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

185a

141

Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). Cap. 14.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money to certain distressed Poor Law Unions, and to make Provision for the Repayment of Advances made and authorized to be made to Poor Law Unions and other Districts, in Ireland.

[17th May 1850.]

WHEREAS under an Act of the Second Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Relief 1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. 4 of the destitute Poor in Ireland, an Act of the Fifth Year of 1 Her Majesty, 44 to authorize the Advance of Money out of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 9.

" the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for carrying

" on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes/' an Act of the Tenth

Year of Her Majesty," to authorize the Advance of Money 9 & 10 Vict.

out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works c*8a and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor," an Act of the

Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, "to provide additional Funds 11 & 12 Vict.

" for Loans for Drainage and other Works of public Utility c*51 *

in Ireland? and an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

"to provide additional Funds for Loans by the Public 12* 13 Vict.

u Wo As Loans Commissioners for building Workhouses in c*86,

Ireland? Loans have been made by the Public Works ' Loan Commissioners to or on behalf of many Unions in Ireland, for the Purposes of building Workhouses and the other Purposes in relation to Workhouses, in the first-recited Act mentioned, and other Loans may be made for the like Purposes under the Authority of the same Acts: And whereas under the Authority of an Act of the First Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for the Extension 7 w. 4. &

and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, and of an Act of 1 Vict c* 21the Ninth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the 9 & 10 Vict.

further Amendment of the Acts for the Extension and Promo- c- *

turn of Public Works in Ireland, certain Advances were made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the ' Construction of Public Works, of which Advances under the Provisions of such Acts a Moiety was to be repaid, and was to be raised on the Counties at large, or the Baronies, Half Baronies, or other Divisions, in which such Works had been executed: And whereas under an Act of the Tenth Year of

His Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employment 9 & 10 Vict.

of the Labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed c*107 *

Districts in Ireland, considerable Sums of Money were advanced for the Execution of Public Works in Ireland; and under the Provisions of such Act, and of an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate 10 & 11 Vict.

the Recovery of Public Monies advanced for the Relief of Dis- c*97 *

tress in Ireland by the Employment of the Labouring Poor, and 11 & 12 Vict.

of the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, An- c-51 *

unities are charged upon several Baronies, Half Baronies,

Electoral

10 & 11 Vict. c. 7.

Treasury empowered to issue 300,000l. towards the Discharge of Debts of distressed Unions in Ireland.

Treasury to ascertain the Liabilities of the several Unions and other Dis-

Cap. 14. Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). 13 VICT.

Electoral Divisions, and other Districts in Ireland in respect of Moieties of the several Sums advanced for the Execution of Works within the same: And whereas under the Authority of an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland,

Advances were made by way of Loan to several Unions and Electoral Divisions in Ireland, out of the Public Monies, by the Relief Commissioners, and considerable Sums in respect of such Advances remain unpaid: And whereas it is expedient to authorize an Advance of Public Money, to a limited Amount, to assist certain distressed Poor Law Unions and Electoral Divisions in Ireland in the Discharge of Debts incurred before the passing of this Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Debts due by certain Districts in Ireland in respect of the several Loaiis and Advances herein-before referred to should be consolidated, and that Provision should be made for the Repayment thereof by Annuities for Terms suited to the Circumstances of such Districts respectively Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and fby the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to cause to be issued from Time to Time* out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Three hundred thousand Pounds, for Advances by way of Loan to the Guardians of the Poor of such of the Unions in Ireland as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; and the Sums to be issued under the Authority of this Act shall be paid to the Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, and shall be advanced by such last-mentioned Commissioners to the Guardians of such of the Unions aforesaid, and paid to such Persons, and subject to such Conditions in respect of the Application thereof for or towards the Discharge of all or any of the Debts or Liabilities of such Unions, or of any Electoral Division of such Unions, contracted before the passing of this Act, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; and all Sums to be advanced as aforesaid shall carry Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum from the respective Times of advancing the same, and, unless the same shall be repaid by way of Annuities as herein-after mentioned, shall be repaid, with Interest as aforesaid, by the Treasurers of the Unions on behalf of which the same shall have been advanced, out of any Monies which may be received by them in respect of Rates, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct.

II. And be it enacted, That where the Commissioners of Hei Majesty's Treasury think it expedient that the Debts and Liabilities of any of the several Unions and Electoral Divisions. Counties, Baronies, Half Baronies, Counties of Cities anci

Counties

1850.

Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). Cap. 14.

143

The Liabilities of the several Districts to he

Counties of Towns, and other Districts, in Ireland, in respect tricts in Ireland of the Loans and Advances of Public Money made under the Acts herein-before recited or any of them, and also in respect Hd»t»oL d«inu of any Loans for building Workhouses, and of any Advances bie. under the Authority of this Act which may have been made to or in behalf of any such Unions before the Time at which such Account as herein-after mentioned in relation to such Unions respectively shall be taken, should be consolidated and repaid as herein mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to inquire into and cause to be ascertained the whole Amount of such Debts and Liabilities upon an Account taken in each Case up to such Time as they may think fit.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, after such Inquiry as aforesaid, to adjust and fix the proportionate Amount which, if ^rtionatiu this Act had not been passed, would have been borne by each chtrged on the Townland or other Denomination or Place comprised in any such Union and Electoral Division, or in any such County, therein. Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, County of a Town, or other District as aforesaid, in respect of all the Debts or Liabilities (inquired into and ascertained as aforesaid) as well of the Union and Electoral Division as of any such County,

Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, County of a Town, or other District in which such Townland or other Denomination or Place is comprised, and to cause to be charged on such Townland or other Denomination or Place an Annuity which they shall deem equivalent to such proportionate Amount; and where it appears to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, after such Inquiry as aforesaid, that all the Townlands or other Denominations or Places comprised in any Electoral Division are liable to contribute to the Discharge of the same Debts mid Liabilities, they may, if they see fit, instead of causing to he charged a separate Annrdty on each such Town-hod, I denomination, or Place, cause to be charged on such Electoral Division One Annuity which they shall deem equivalent to the proportionate Amount which should be borne by all such Townlands, Denominations, or Places, in respect of all such Debts and Liabilities; and every Annuity to be charged under this Act shall commence in such Year, and he payable ibr such Number of Years and on such Day in every Year during the Continuance thereof, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they so think fit, to direct that any Annuity for the Time being payable under this Act shall be converted into an Annuity payable on such yearly Days as aforesaid, but of a longer or shorter Duration, which shall appear to them to be of equal Value to the Portion outstanding of the original Annuity; provided that no soch original Annuity, nor any such Annuity made payable after such Conversion as last aforesaid, be of longer Duration than Forty Years, computed from the Commencement of the original Annuity.

144

Treasury to transmit Statements of the Annuities to Poor Law Commissioners, who are to issue Orders to the Guardians of etch Union.

Treasurer o each Union to reserve a Third Part of the Lodgments for Rates on account of the Division for Payment of Annuities,

Cap. 14. Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). 13 VICT. '

IV. And be it enacted, That when the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have ascertained the Annuities which should be charged on all or any of the Electoral Divisions, Townlands, and other Denominations and Places, if any, in any Union in Ireland, they shall transmit to the Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Belief of the Poor in Ireland a Statement showing all the Annuities which should be so charged, and the Duration and Day of Payment thereof respectively; and the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall forthwith on the Receipt of such Statement issue an Order under their Seal, addressed to the Guardians of such Union, setting forth the Amount, Duration, and Day of Payment of the Annuity to be charged on each Electoral Division, Townland, and other Denomination and Place, if any, in such Union, and directing the Guardians of such Union to proceed in relation to every such Annuity according to the Provisions of this Act, and every such Annuity shall become so charged according to the Tenor of such Order; and such Guardians shall, in the first Rate to be made on the Electoral Division comprising the Townland or other Denomination or Place charged with any separate Annuity, after the yearly Day of Payment of such Annuity in every Year so long as such Annuity shall remain payable, assess and raise the yearly Sum payable in respect of the Annuity which under such Order as aforesaid is to be charged on such Townland or other Denomination or Place by a Rate on the rateable Hereditaments comprised in such Town-land or other Denomination or Place, in addition to the Rate made thereon for the general Purposes of the Electoral Division; and such Addition to the Rate shall be deemed to be Part of the Rates made upon and belonging to the Electoral Division, and shall be collected accordingly, and lodged with the Treasurer of the Union, to the Credit of such Electoral Division; and where One Annuity is charged on an Electoral Division, such Guardians shall provide for Payment thereof by Additions to the Rates from Time to Time made upon such Electoral Division.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland shall, upon the Receipt of the Statement transmitted to them by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, transmit to the Treasurer of every such Union an Order under their Seal setting forth the Amount payable on account of the Annuity to be charged on each Electoral Division, if any, of such Union, or, as the Case may require, the aggregate Amount payable on account of the Annuities to be charged on all the Townlands and other Denominations and Places, if any, situate in each Electoral Division of such Union, and the yearly Day of Payment of such respective Annuities; and in case the Board of Guardians shall not sooner pay the same, the said Treasurer shall, from all Lodgments made with him from Time to Time of the first or aqy subsequent Rate or Rates on account of each such Electoral Division in the Union, after every yearly

Day

185a

Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). Cap. 14.

145

Day of Payment of such Annuities, reserve One equal Third Part thereof, and place the same to the Credit of the Electoral Division in an Account to be entitled the " Loans Repayment Account," until the aggregate Amount which shall become payable from Time to Time on account of the Annuity charged on such Electoral Division, or, as the Case may require, the Annuities charged on all the Townlands and other Denominations and Places, if any, in such Electoral Division, and all Arrears, if any, in respect of any previous Year or Years, shall have been received, and placed to such Account as aforesaid; and the Treasurer of the Union shall pay over from,

Time to Time all Sums so reserved as aforesaid into the Bank of Ireland, to be there placed to a separate Account, in the Name of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, to be entitled the "Loans Repayment Account;" and all Sums from Time to Time paid into such Account as last aforesaid shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Rate in Aid Stun leviable under the Provisions of an Act of the last Ses- und" 12 & non of Parliament, intituled An Act to make Provision, until the if u paid be-Tkarty-Jrrst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fore Annuities ffa* for a General Rate in Aid of certain distressed Unions under Act. sad Electoral Divisions in Ireland, on any such Electoral Divi-mm as aforesaid, remains unpaid, the said One Third Part of such Lodgments as aforesaid with the Treasurer of the Union in respect of Rates on account of such Electoral Division shall not be applied to any Payment in respect of Annuities under this Act until the Sum leviable under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament is paid, but after Payment of the Sum so leviable the One equal Third Part of all subsequent Lodgments in respect of such Rates as aforesaid shall be carried to the said Loans Repayment Account, and applied according to the Provisions of this Act, until the aggregate Amount of all the Sums which may have become due in respect of the said Annuities shall be discharged.

YIL And be it enacted, That in case, after any Annuity Treasury may shall have been charged under the Provisions of this Act on m*ke Additions any Electoral Division, Townland, or other Denomination or Place, any Loan shall be made for building Workhouses, or tmnoes under other Purposes in relation to Workhouses, under the Acts d*i* Act and harem-before mentioned, or any Advance shall be made under Loans." the Authority of this Act to the Union in which such Electoral Division, Townland, or other Denomination or Place shall be comprised, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to ma^e an Addition to such Annuity proportioned to the Share of such Loan or Advance which should be borne by such Electoral Division, Townland, or other Denomination or Place; and when such Commissioners shall make such Addition as aforesaid, and when they shall think fit to convert any Annuity or Annuities for the Time being charged this Act into an Annuity or Annuities of longer or shorter K 2 Duration,

146

Treasury may suspend the Recovery of "Workhouse Loans and Monies levied by Grand Jury Presentments.

Cap. 14. Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). 13 Vict.

Duration, such Commissioners shall transmit a Statement of the Annuity or Annuities increased by such Addition as aforesaid, or which should be charged under such Conversion upon all or any of the Electoral Divisions, Townlands, or other Denominations or Places iu any Union in Ireland, to the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, and the last-mentioned Commissioners shall issue like Orders under their Seal to the Guardians of the Union and to the Treasurer of the Union respectively as herein-before directed in respect of the Annuities originally charged under this Act, and all the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Annuities originally charged under this Act, and the Rates to be made in respect thereof, and the Payment of such Annuities, shall apply to the Annuities increased by such Addition as aforesaid, or to be charged upon such Conversion as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury think fit that any Inquiry should be made under this Act in relation to the Debts and Liabilities of any Union, Electoral Division, County, Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, or other District in Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize and direct the Public Works Loan Commissioners to forbear to require or enforce Payment of any Instalment which may become payable from any such Union in respect of any Loan made by such Public Works Loan Commissioners, as herein-before mentioned; and where, in respect of any such Debts or Liabilities, Money is under the Acts herein-before recited or any of them to be raised in such County, Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, County of a Town, or other District, by Grand Jury Presentment, or under the Warrant or Warrants of the Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or the Finance Committee, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Order directed to the Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town in which or in any District within which such Money is to be raised, or, in the Case of the County of Dublin by Order addressed to the Finance Committee of such County 3 to authorize such Grand Jury and Treasurer or Finance Committee, as the Case may be, to suspend the raising and levying of any Monies which should be raised and levied in respec of such Debts and Liabilities as aforesaid by Grand Jurj Presentment at, or by Warrant of such Treasurer or Financ Committee after, the Spring Assizes or Presenting Term of th< Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or any subsequen Assizes or Presenting Term; and where any such Order shall b so directed by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to such Treasurer or Finance Committee of any Count} County of a City, or County of a Town, no Grand Jury Prc sentment shall, after the Receipt of such Order, be made in n lation to the Monies in such Order mentioned, nor shall sue Treasurer or Finance Committee insert in his or their Wa:

rai

1850. Distressed Unions Advances (Ireland). Cap. 14, 15* 147

rant or Warrants any such Monies, or issue any separate Warrant or Warrants for the same, whether any Presentment shall or shall not have been made in relation thereto; and in case before the passing of this Act, or before the Receipt of such Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, any separate Warrant of such Treasurer or Finance Committee for any such Monies, or any Warrant of such Treasurer or Finance Committee including such Monies, shall have been issued after the Spring Assizes or Presenting Term of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, such Treasurer or Finance Committee shall issue to the respective High Constables and Collectors of Grand Jury Cess whom it may concern Orders, as the Case may require, revoking such separate Warrant, or directing such High Constables or Collectors respectively to abate and abstain from collecting such Part of the Sum for which any Warrant may have been so issued as may have been inserted therein in respect of the Monies mentioned in the said Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, specifying, as to the respective Townlands and Districts, the respective Amounts of the Abatement to be made, and such High Constables and Collectors shall proceed in accordance with such Orders: Provided always, that all Instalments of any Workhouse Loan, and all Monies of which the Recovery, levying, and raising respectively shall be suspended as aforesaid, and all Arrears (if any) in respect of the same Debts and Liabilities, shall be included in the Account to be taken as aforesaid of the Debts and Liabilities of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony, Union, Electoral Division, or other District in which the same would have been levied and raised if this Act had not been passed.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act to authorize the Establishment of Courts or Appeal for certain of Her Majesty's West India Colonies.

[31st May 1850.]

WHEREAS the Councils and Assemblies of Her Ma-

* " jesty's Colonies of Antigua, Saint Christopher, and Do-

mudea are desirous to provide an Appeal from the Judgments

and Sentences of certain of the Courts of such Islands respectively to a Court to be holden m One of such Islands: And whereas it is expedient that Provision be made for the Estab-

lishment of Courts of Appeal as well for the said Islands

as for others of Her Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies herein-after mentioned, where the local Legislatures may

desire the Establishment thereof; but effectual Provision cannot be made for that Purpose without the Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of


Her Majesty may establish a Court of Appeal for any of the Islands comprised in the Commission of the Governor of Antigua, on doe Provision being made for the Establishment and Maintenance of such Courts.

Her Majesty may establish a Court of Appeal for all or any of the Islands comprised in the Commission of the Governor of Barbadoes.

Jurisdiction of Court may be extended over the Islands not originally subject to it.

Cap. 15. West India Appeals. 13 VICT.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case it appear to Her Majesty that by any Act or Acts already passed or hereafter to be passed by the Legislatures of the Colonies of Antiguay Saint Christopher, and Dominica, or of the other Colonies now comprised in the Commission of the Governor of Antigua, or by any of such Legislatures, and confirmed by Her Majesty with the Advice of Her Privy Council, due Provision has been made for the Establishment and Maintenance of such Court of Appeal as herein-after mentioned, and for defining the Jurisdiction of such Court in re lation to the Colony or Colonies for which such Act or Acts may be passed, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Order to be by Her made with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to erect and establish for and in relation to the Colony or Colonies for which such Act or Acts may be passed a Court of Appeal, to consist of such Judge or Judges and to have such ministerial or other Officers thereof as by such Act or Acts may be provided; and such Court shall hold its Sittings in such Place or Places within the said Colonies or any of them, and at such Times, and shall have such Jurisdiction for the hearing and determining of such Appeals from Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and Rules, and other Determinations of all or any of the Courts of such Colony or Colonies, as by such Act or Acts may be provided.

II. And be it enacted, That in case it appear to Her Majesty that by any Act or Acts to be passed by the Legislatures of the Colonies now comprised in the Commission of the Governor of Barbadoes, or any of such Legislatures, and confirmed by Her Majesty with the Advice of Her Privy Council, due Provision has been made for the Establishment and Maintenance of such Court of Appeal as herein-after mentioned, and for defining the Jurisdiction of such Court in relation to the Colony or Colonies for which such Act or Acts may be passed, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Order to be by Her made with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to erect and establish for and in relation to the Colony or Colonies for which such Act or Acts may be passed a Court of Appeal, to consist of such Judge or Judges and to have such ministerial or other Officers thereof as by such Act or Acts may be provided; and such Court shall hold its Sittings in such Place or Places within the said Colonies or any of them, and at such Times, and shall have such Jurisdiction for the hearing and determining of such Appeals from Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and Rules, and other Determinations ot all or any of the Courts of such Colony or Colonies, as by such Act or Acts may be provided.

III. And be it enacted, That in case, by reason of-due Provision for the Purposes herein-before mentioned not having been made by such Acts as aforesaid in relation to all the Colonies now comprised in the Commission of the Governor of Antiguay or in relation to all the Colonies now comprised in the Commission

185a

149

West India Appeals. Cap. 15 *

mission of the Governor of Barbadoes, a Court of Appeal shall have been established by such Order as aforesaid for some only of the Colonies comprised in either of the said Governments, and due Provision shall be afterwards made by Act or Acts to be passed by the Legislature or Legislatures of any other or others of the said Colonies now comprised in the same Commission, and confirmed by Her Majesty as aforesaid, for giving to such Court Jurisdiction in relation to such Colony or Colonies or any of them, and for defining such Jurisdiction, and for contributing to the Maintenance of such Court, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order made with such Advice as aforesaid, to extend the Jurisdiction of such Court in relation to the Colony or Colonies in which such Act or Acts may be passed accordingly.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Jurisdiction and Authority expressed to be given to any Court of Appeal to be established under this Act in relation to any of the said Colonies by any Act or Acts passed by the Legislature of such Colony, and confirmed by Her Majesty as aforesaid, and all Jurisdiction and Authorities given to such Court by any such Order in Council as aforesaid in relation to such Colony, in accordance with any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, may, notwithstanding the Establishment of such Court, or the holding of the Sittings thereof, beyond the local Limits of such respective Colony, be exercised as fully and effectually, and the Provisions of such Acts and Orders in Council in relation thereto shall have the same Force and Effect, as if the same had been given and enacted by Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Legislatures of the several Colonies in relation to which any Court of Appeal established under this Act may have Jurisdiction, from Time to Time, by any Act or Acts confirmed by Her Majesty as aforesaid, to extend, restrict, or vary, in relation to such respective Colony and the Courts thereof, the Jurisdiction of such Court of Appeal.

YL And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Her Majesty, by any such Order or Orders of Her Majesty in Council as aforesaid, or by any other Order or Orders in Council to be made in that Behalf, to allow any Person or Persons feeling aggrieved by any Judgment, Decree, Order, or Sentence of the said Courts of Appeal respectively to appeal therefrom to Her Majesty in Council, in such Manner, within such Time, and under and subject to such Buies, Regulations, and Limitations as Her Majesty by such Order or Orders in Council respectively shall appoint and prescribe.

YIL And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to interfere with or prevent the Operation of an Act pamed in the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in certain of His Majesty's West India Colonies.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

Jurisdiction may be exercised under Acts of Colonial Legislature by the Courts when sitting beyond the Limits of a Colony *

Jurisdiction may be varied by Acts of Colonial Legislature.

Appeal to Hen Majesty in Council

& 7 W. 4. c. 17. not lo be affected *

Act may he amended, Ac *

150

Cap. 16.

Alterations in Pleadings.

13 VICT,

3&4 W. 4. C. 42, I k 2 Vict. c. 100.

firtlges of the Superior Courts may make Rule* or Orders for altering the Mode of pleading, &c. in Actions at La uv

Such Rules or Orders not to be valid until Throe Months after being laid before Parliament;

and may previously be declared suspended by Proclamation or Resolution.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable the Judges of the Courts of Common Law at Westminster to alter the Forms of Pleading.

[31st May 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fourth Year of King Wil-

* liam the Fourth, and an Act of the Second Year of

Her Majesty, Powers were given to the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster to make (within

Periods which have expired) Alterations in the Forms of ' Pleading: And whereas it is desirable that Powers should be ' given to the said Judges, within such Time and under such ' Limitations as herein-after expressed, to make such further

Alterations in Pleadings as they may deem expedient, and such other Alterations as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Judges of the said Superior Courts, or any Eight or more of them, of whom the Chiefs of each of the said Courts shall be Three, shall and may, by any Rule or Order to be from Time to Time by them made in Term or Vacation, at any Time within Five Years after the passing of this Act, make such Alterations in the Mode of pleading in the said Courts, and in the Mode of entering and transcribing Pleadings, Judgments, and other Proceedings in Actions at Law, and in the Time and Manner of objecting to Errors in Pleadings and other Proceedings, and in the Mode of verifying Pleas and obtaining final Judgment without Trial in certain Cases, and such Regulations as to the Payment of Costs, and otherwise for carrying into effect the said Alterations, as to them may seem expedient; and all such Rules, Orders, or Regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, immediately upon the making of the same, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within Fire Days after the next Meeting thereof; and no such Rule, Order, or Regulation shall have Effect until Three Months after the same shall have been so laid before both Houses of Parliament; and any Rule, Order, or Regulation so made shall, from and after such Time aforesaid, be oinding and obligatory on the said Courts and all other Courts of Common Law, and on all Courts of Error into which the Judgments of the said Courts or any of them shall be carried by any Writ of Error, and be of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions contained therein had been expressly enacted by Parliament: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by any Proclamation inserted in the London Gazette, or for either of the Houses of Parliament by any Resolution passed at any Time within Three Months next after such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall have been laid before Parliament, to suspend the whole or any Part of such Rules,

Orders,

151

1650. Defect* in Leases Act Amendment. Cap. 16, 17.

Orders, or Regulations, and in such Case the whole, or such Part thereof as shall be so suspended, shall not he binding and obligatory on the said Courts, or on any other Court of Common Law or Court of Error.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing.

[31st May 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament," for granting Relief against Defects in Leases ' " made under Powers of Leasing in certain Casesand by another Act of the same Session the Operation of the said first-recited Act was suspended until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas it is expedient that the said first-recited Act should be amended:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first-recited Act as enacts that the Acceptance of Rent under any such invalid Lease as therein mentioned shall, as against the Person accepting the same, be deemed a Confirmation of such Lease, shall be repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That where, upon or before the Acceptance of Rent under any such invalid Lease, as in the said first-recited Act mentioned, any Receipt, Memorandum, or Note in Writing, confirming such Lease, is signed by the Person accepting such Rent, or some other Person by him thereunto lawfully authorized, such Acceptance shall, as against the Person so accepting such Rent, be deemed a Confirmation of such Lease.

III. And be it enacted, That where during the Continuance of the Possession taken under any such invalid Lease, as in the said first-recited Act mentioned, the Person for the Time being entitled (subject to such Possession as aforesaid) to the Hereditaments comprised in such Lease, or to the Possession or the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, is able to confirm such Lease without Variation, the Lessee, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, (as the Case may require,) or any Person who would have been bound by the Lease if the same had been valid, thall, upon the Request of the Person so able to confirm the same, be bound to accept a Confirmation accordingly; and such Confirmation may be by Memorandum or Note in Writing, signed by the Persons confirming and accepting respectively, or by some other Persons by them respectively thereunto lawfully authorized; and after Confirmation and Acceptance of Confirmation such Lease shall be valid, and shall be deemed to have liad from the granting thereof the same Effect as if the same had been originally valid.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed hr any Act to l»c passed in this Session of Parliament.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 26.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 110.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 26. § 3. repealed.

Where there is a Note in Writing showing Intent to confirm, Acceptance of Rent to be deemed a Confirmation.

Where Reversioner is able and willing to confirm. Lessee to accept Confirmation.

Act may be amended, &c«

152

Cap. 18.

Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 VICT.

Process for Commencement of Personal Actions shall be according to Form in Schedule, and be called Writ of Summons.

Residence and Description of Parties to be mentioned in Writ.

Writ may be served anywhere, and remain in force Four Months.

No Writ of Summons to be invalid on account of verbal or technical

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

[31st May 1850.]

WHEREAS the Process now in use for the Commencement of Personal Actions in Her Majesty's Superior

Courts of Common Law in Ireland is, by reason of its Variety,

Multiplicity, and Fiction, inconvenient and objectionable, and

it is expedient for the better Administration of Justice to establish Uniformity of Process and Practice in the said Courts:'' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the last Day of Trinity Term next after the passing of this Act the Process for Commencement of all such Actions, except Actions of Replevin and Ejectment, whether the Action be brought by or against any Person entitled to the Privilege of Peerage or of Parliament, or of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, or of any other Court, as Attorney thereof* or otherwise, or to any other Privilege, or by or against any Corporation or incorporated Body or Company, or by or against any other Person, shall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked No. 1., and which shall be called a Writ of Summons, and shall bear Date of the Day on which it shall be issued, and be tested by the Common Seal of the said Superior Courts, to be provided as hereinafter mentioned, and to be thereunto set by the Clerk of the Writs, Appearances, and Seal, who shall not be required to sign such Writ, but shall enter the Particulars thereof in the Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Time of sealing thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That in every such Writ and Copy thereof the Place of Residence of the Party Plaintiff, and the Place of Residence or supposed Residence or last known Residence of the Party Defendant, and the usual Designation or Description of such Parties respectively, or such Designation or Description as the Plaintiff or his Attorney may be able to give, shall be mentioned; and every such Writ may be sued out at any Time notwithstanding any Privilege, and may be served personally in any Place in which the Defendant or Defendants may be found, within the Jurisdiction of the Court, and the Person serving the same shall and is hereby required to endorse on the Writ the Place and the Day of the Month and Year of the Service thereof; and every such Writ shall remain in force for Four Calendar Months from the Day of the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and no longer.

III. And be it enacted, That no Writ of Summons issued under the Authority of this Act shall be treated or considered as invalid on account of any verbal or technical Error or Omission in the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Superior

Courts

XB50.

Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18. 153

Courts of Law respectively, or any Judge or Baron thereof, to Error or Omi*-decide and determine what is a verbal or technical Error or *ion-Omission in any each Writ, and to amend or authorize the Amendment thereof; but all Errors or Omissions which have not a manifest Tendency to mislead the opposite Party shall in all Cases be deemed merely verbal or technical.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Act not to this Act shall interfere with or affect such of the Provisions of Vic, '

an Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act

for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases, for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors, and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Administration of Justice in Ireland, as relate to Arrest on Mesne Process in certain Cases.

V. And be it enacted, That the Mode of Appearance to Mode of Ap-every such Writ or under the Authority of this Act shall be by delivering to the proper Officer, at the Writ and Appearance

Office herein-after mentioned at the Four Courts in Dublin, a Requisition or Docket according to the Form in the said Schedule marked No. 2., such Requisition or Docket to be dated on the Day of the Delivery thereof, and to be entered by the Officer in the Appearance Book, and filed and kept by him.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Days for appearing to all Days for ap-such Writs of Summons shall run in all Cases as well in Vaca- *?run tion as in Term Time; and if the last of the Eight Days after well win Term, the Service of any such Writ of Summons, inclusive of the Day Provision as to of Service, shall in any Case happen to fall on any of the Days Holidays, hereby appointed to be observed and kept as Holidays, in such Case the following Day, or, when there 'shall be consecutive Holidays, the Day following the last of such Holidays, shall be considered as the last of such Eight Days; and if any such Writ shall be served on any Day between the First Day of August and the Twentieth Day of October in any Year, an Appearance may be entered by the Defendant, or by the Plaintiff for the Defendant, in the usual Way, but no Declaration or Pleading after Declaration shall be filed or Rule entered thereon between the said First Day of August and Twentieth Day of October.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Defendant in any such In default of Writ, being personally served therewith, shall not appear in Appearmnoe, onv due Time after Service thereof according to the Exigency being proved, "* thereof, in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Plain- Plaintiff may tiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being duly made before the enter Appear-proper Officer, and filed in the Writ and Appearance Office, of ftDCC* the personal Service of such Writ at the Place and on the Day endorsed thereon, to enter an Appearance for such Defendant within such Time as may be directed and limited by any General Order of the Judges to be made as herein-after provided, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant had entered his or her Appearance, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mode of Service in Cases against Corporations, &c.

Courts may direct Substitution of Service.

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland), 13 VICT,

VIII. And be it enacted, That every such Writ of Summons issued against a Corporation aggregate may be served personally upon the Mayor or other head Officer, or on the Town Clerk, Clerk, Treasurer, or Secretary of such Corporation; and every such Writ issued against the Inhabitants of a Barony, Half Barony, or other like District may be served personally on the acting High Constable thereof, or any One of the acting High Constables thereof; and every such Writ issued against the Inhabitants of any County or any City or Town, or the Inhabitants of any Franchise, Liberty, City, Town, or Place, not being Part of a Barony or other like District, may be served personally on some Peace Officer or other known and responsible Officer thereof; and every such Writ issued against any other incorporated Body having a known and responsible Officer or Agent may be served personally on such Officer or Agent; and if any such Defendants shall not appear according to the Exigency of such Writ in due Time after such Service thereof as herein authorized, in such Case, upon Affidavit made as herein-before provided of such personal Service of such Writ, and of the Publication of the Notice herein-after provided, it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff to enter an Appearance for such Defendants, and to proceed thereon as it* such Defendants had entered their Appearance, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in all such Cases a sufficient Notice of the issuing of the Writ shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, and in One of the local Newspapers of the County, City, or District in which the Defendant or Defendants, or the Officer or Agent to be served, shall reside; the Days for Appearance to run in such Cases from the Day of the Publication of such Notice in Gazette or Newspaper, whichever shall be the latest.

IX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Court in which the Appearance to the Process should be made, or in Vacation of any Judge of either of the said Courts, that any Defendant has not been personally served with any Writ of Summons, and has not according to the Exigency thereof appeared to the Action, and that due and proper Means were used to serve such Writ, or that such Defendant resides out of the Jurisdiction of the Court, and can be properly served through or upon any Agent or Representative or any Manager of the Real or Personal Estate of such Defendant within such Jurisdiction, or has removed to avoid Service, or on any other good and sufficient Grounds, it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to authorize such Substitution of Service through the Post Office, or in such Manner, and with such Extension of Time for Service and Appearance, as to them or him shall seem fit; and upon due Proof of such substituted Service by Affidavit it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff, in default of Appearance by such Defendant in due Time, to enter an Appearance for such Defendant, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant had entered

12 hit>

155

1850. Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18.

his, her, or their Appearance, any Usage or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one this Act shall extend to and include all Actions of Replevin and Ejectment in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and that the Commencement of all such Actions shall be by such Writ of Summons as herein-before set forth, and that all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions herein contained with reference to Service, Substitution of Service, the Mode of Appearance, and Means of compelling Appearance, shall be and be deemed and construed as applicable to such Actions of Replevin and Ejectment, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, subject however to the further Provisions herein-after contained

XL. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, where any Party whose Goods or Chattels have been distrained shall dispute the Validity of such Distress, and shall be desirous of proceeding by Replevin in any of the said Superior Courts, such Party shall commence any Action for the Recovery of the Goods or Chattels so distrained by a Writ of Summons, such as hereinbefore provided, which Writ of Summons shall, in addition to any Particulars herein-before required, state the Particulars of the Property distrained, and the Place where such Distress shall have been made, and which Writ shall and may be served by delivering a Copy or Copies thereof to the Defendant or Defendants, or to any Agent or other Person acting for him or them in making such Distress, or in keeping the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and the said Superior Courts of Common Law, and each of them, are and is hereby authorized and empowered and declared to have Authority, Power, and competent Jurisdiction to entertain and determine such Suits.

XII. And be it enacted, That when any such Action shall have been so commenced, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff therein to sue out of the Court in which such Action shall be instituted a Writ, to be called a Writ of Replevin, directed to the Sheriff of the County in which such Goods and Chattels shall be under Distress, requiring him to replevy the said Goods and Chattels; and the said Superior Courts of Common Law, and each of them, are and is hereby authorized to issue such Writ of Replevin, which shall be in such Form as the Judges shall order and direct, by a General Order to be made as hereinafter required for the Regulation of the Practice of the said Courts, and shall be instead of and have the same Force and Effect as any Writs for such Purpose heretofore in use; and the said Sheriff shall and he is hereby required, upon good Security (by the Bond of the Plaintiff and Two responsible Persons as Sureties conditioned as usual in such Cases) being given to him in double the Amount of the Value of the Property distrained, to execute such Writ, and to return the said Writ, with a correct and proper Statement endorsed thereon of the Manner

in

This Act shall extend to Actions of Replevin and Ejectment.

Action of Replevin to be commenced by Writ of Summons.

Particulars to be stated in Writ.

Service of Writ.

Plaintiff in such Action may sue out of the same Court a Writ of Replevin.

Form of Writ to be settled by Judges.

Sheriff, upon Security being given, to execute and return Writ within Eight Days.

156 Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 Vict.

in which the same shall have been executed, or the Cause why the same has not been executed, to the Court out of which the same shall have issued, within Eight Days, exclusive of any Days hereby appointed to be observed and kept as Holidays, Value of Pro- next after such Writ shall have been delivered to him: Provided perty to be always, that the Value of the Property so distrained shall be ascertained by the said Sheriff in like Manner as the Value of Goods distrained is now ascertained by Law by the Sheriff in and Bail Bond taking Security in Replevins; and that the stud Bonds shall be tobeavignable. by the Sheriff under like Circumstances and in like Manner, and shall be available to the Assignee thereof, as by Law now authorized and directed with reference to Bail Bonds in Replevin, subject however to such Regulations as the Judges shall as aforesaid order and direct.

Provision for

XIII. And be it enacted, That where Proceedings in Re-lUnoovaiof Re. pfovin shall have been instituted in any Court of inferior Juris- from"[nfcriorto diction, it shall be lawful for either Party to remove the same Superior into one of the said Superior Courts of Common Law as hereto-

Courts. fore: Provided always, that the Writs for the Removal of any such Proceedings shall issue out of the Consolidated Writ Office of the said Superior Courts of Common Law, instead of the Writ Office of the Court of Chancery; and the said Superior Courts of Common Law and each of them are and is hereby authorized and empowered and declared to have Authority, Power, and competent Jurisdiction to issue Writs for such Purpose, and to entertain and determine the Suits so removed, and to enforce Obedience to all Writs by this Act authorized, as fully as in the Case of any other Writs now issued by the said Courts.

Write to be la

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Writs for such Removal JudbrttriiaU* Proceedings in Replevin shall be according to such Form as #££ the Judges of the said Superior Courts of Common Law shall,

by any General Order to be made as herein-after provided, direct, and shall be instead of and have the same Force and Effect as any Writs for such Purpose heretofore in use, and shall, by the Clerk of the Writs, at the Time of sealing thereof, be assigned, entered, and issued in Rotation for the said Courts, that is to say, the First for the Queen's Bench, the Second for the Common Pleas, and the Third for the Exchequer, and so on in continuous Rotation for the several Courts, so as to produce and keep up an equal Distribution of such Writs; and all subsequent Proceedings in any Suit so removed shall be had and taken in the Court to which the said Writ shall be in the course of Rotation allotted, and shall be the Business of the said Court and the Offices thereof.

Action of

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Dajr

of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, where Writ of Sum-7 "y Party shall claim Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or mons. Hereditaments, and shall be desirous of proceeding by Eject-

ment for the Recovery of the same in any of the said Superior Courts, such Party shall commence any Action for such Purpose by a Writ of Summons, such as herein-before provided

i

157

and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18.

vided, which. Writ of Summons shall be directed to the im-nediite Tenant, or any One Tenant in possession, as Defendant, with the Addition of the Words u and all Persons concerned," Particulars to and dull, in addition to any Particulars herein-before required, b m contain the Description of the Property sought to be recovered, WnL and the County, Barony, or Parish in which the same is situated, tod which Writ shall and may be served in like Manner and Service of Writ, upon such Persons as now required for the Service of Ejectments, or as the Judges shall by any General Order made as aforesaid direct.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after Appearance in any Proceeding* Action of Replevin and Ejectment the Proceedings shall be, ^kTi*. as nearly as may be, the same as in any Personal Action; and JSTand l^ect- the Judges are hereby empowered and required, by any General moot.

Order to be made as herein provided, to order and direct what Judges to make shall be the Form, and Substance of any Declaration in Ejectment, and to dispense with and discontinue the Use of the De- proceed.0* diration now used in such Actions, and to dispense with and ings in iy«ct-discontinue the Use of feigned Names and other Fictions in the ment Declaration, and to make such other Regulations with respect to Proceedings in Ejectment and Judgment thereon and the Costs thereof, as to them shall seem meet; and any General Order so made shall have the Force and Effect of Law, any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Signature of the Attorney for the Plaintiff, with his registered Residence in Dublin, shall be sufficient to every such Declaration after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and it shall not be necessary that the Name of a Barrister shall be affixed thereto, nor shall the Expense of obtaining such Signature be allowed against the Defendant in such Action.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Defendant in any ProeedBng* such Action of Ejectment shall not appear in due Time according to the Exigency of the Writ of Summons, upon dne app^.

Service thereof, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff to enter an Appearance for such Defendant according to the Coarse herein provided with reference to Personal Actions generally; and if there shall be several Defendants in any such Action who shall not appear as aforesaid, the Plaintiff shall not enter several Appearances for them, but it shall be lawful for him to enter One Appearance, including all such defaulting Defendants, and winch Appearance shall be deemed to be an Appearance for all

the said Defendants, severally as well as jointly; and the Plaintiff shall not file several Declarations against such Defendants so defaulting, but shall file One Declaration, which shall be applicable to all such Defendants jointly and severally, as well as to all Defendants who shall have appeared, and if he obtain Judgment thereon such Judgment shall have the Force and Effect of a Judgment in like Cases against each Defendant severally; and after the filing of the Plaintiff's Declaration it shall be lawful for every Defendant who shall have appeared in any such Action, in pleading to such Declaration, to take Defence

for

Judges to settle upon and ap* prove of a simple Form of Declaration to be hereafter used in all Actions.

Costa in Cases of Judgment by Default.

Write of every Description may be tested and returnable in Vacation as well as in Term;

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 Vict.

for all the Lands and Premises in such Declaration mentioned, or any Part thereof, which Defence shall have the same Effect as Defences in Ejectment now have according to the present Practice of the Courts, subject to such Regulations as the Judges, by any General Order made as herein-after provided, shall direct.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Judges shall and they are hereby required, in manner aforesaid, to settle upon and approve of a plain and simple Form of Declaration to be hereafter used in all Actions at Law which may hereafter be brought or maintained upon any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or for Money had or received by or paid for the Use of any Person, or for Goods sold and delivered, which Form, and no other, (unless the Court in which such Action is brought shall, on Motion, make an Order to the contrary,) shall be filed, used, or adopted in all such and the like Actions; and in all such Actions the Name of the Plaintiff and his Residence shall be signed thereto if he shall sue in Person, but otherwise the Name and registered Residence of his Attorney; and no Fee to Counsel shall be allowed on any such Declaration, nor shall any Signature of a Barrister be necessary thereto.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases when Judgment shall be permitted by the Defendant to go by Default, or where such Defendant shall, within the Period limited by the Practice of the Court, file a Plea of Confession in such Action, no Taxation of Costs on the Part of the Plaintiff shall take place therein, but the Officer of the Court in which Judgment shall be signed shall and he is hereby required, in case the Writ of Summons shall have been served in Dublin, to add to such Judgment the Sum of Five Pounds as and for the Plaintiff's Costs, but if the Writ of Summons shall have been served elsewhere in Ireland, then the Sum of Six Pounds shall be added for such Costs of the Plaintiff to such Judgment: Provided always, that this Provision shall not extend or be applicable to any Case where by reason of the Defendant being resident out of the Jurisdiction of the Court the Substitution of the Service of the Writ of Summons shall have been rendered necessary.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Writ of any Description whatsoever to be hereafter issued out of the said Superior Courts of Common Law shall or may be issued and tested or made returnable on any Day, not being one of the Days hereby appointed as Holidays, whether such Day shall be in Term Time or Vacation; and every such Writ so issued, tested, or returnable shall be of the like Validity, Force, and Effect as if the Day of the issuing, testing, or Return of such Writ were actually a Day in Term, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply or be construed to alter or affect the Process and Practice of the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer.

1850.

Process and Practice (Ireland).Cap. 18. 159

XXI. And whereas, according to the present Practice in and Wriu of the said Coarts, Writs of Execution must in certain Cases

in the first instance be directed to the Sheriff of the County sheriffofuJy

or County of the City laid or mentioned in the Venue in the County without

Pleadings, and no such Writ of Execution can issue to any regard to Venue other County until a Return shall have been had on such In e* lDg#

first Writ, and such Practice retards the due Administration ' of Justice:* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act any Writ of Execution, except a Writ of Habere facias possessionem or other Writ of Possession, in any of the said Courts, may issue and be directed in the first instance to the Sheriff of any County or County of a City or other Shrievalty, as the Parties suing out the same may think fit, without regard to the Venue in the Pleadings laid or mentioned, and without any Recital of a previous Writ, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Rule or Order, other Rules shall than Rule on Postea, in or of the said Superior Courts of I8* tn<jriMI Common Law or either of them, which according to any present Practice or Usage of the said Courts can or ought Time, only to be made, entered, or issued in Term Time or as in Term Time, or as or on any or some particular Day in Term Tune, shall and may be made, entered, or issued on or as of any Day, except the Days hereby appointed to be observed and kept as Holidays, whether such Day shall be in Term Time or Vacation; and the Days limited for Compliance with such Rules or Orders shall, with the Exception of the Days hereby appointed to be observed and kept as Holidays, and of the Days between the First Day of August and Twentieth Day of October, ran in Vacation as well as in Term Time; and all such Rules and Orders shall be of the like Validity, Force, and Effect, and all subsequent Proceedings may be had thereon, as if the Days of making, issuing, and running thereof were actually Days in Term.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the following, and none Holidays other, shall be observed and kept as Holidays in the Offices of the said Courts, and in the Office of Registrar of Judgments; that is to say, Sunday, Christmas Day, and the Three Days following that Day, Good Friday, Easter Eve, Monday and Tuesday in Easter Week, Whit Monday and Whit Tuesday, any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, and, when they da not occur in Term Time, the Day appointed to be kept as the Birthday and the Day of the Accession of Her Majesty the Queen and Her Successors; and the Days between Thursday next before and Wednesday next after Easter shall not be reckoned or included in any Rules or Notices or other Proceedings, except Notices of Trial and Notices of Inquiry in any of the said Courts.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing Courts may of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Courts, at their Dia- m

cretion, to hold Sittings in Banco in Time of Vacation for the Purpose of disposing of Business therein pending and undecided L

Such Sitting to be holden by Order published with Week's Notice.

Judgments and Orders to hare same Effect as if made in Term.

Judges to establish Uniformity of Practice by a General Order.

Code to be agreed upon by Judges, and be the uniform Practice.

Proviso for Alteration or Amendment of Code.

Every Judge of either Court may try Issues and make Orders in Chamber in Business depending in any of the Courts.

Consolidated Court of Nisi Prius for the Trial of Issues arising in any Superior Courts.

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 VICT.

in such Courts respectively; and that such Sittings in Vacation may be holden by virtue of a Rule or Order of the said Courts respectively to be made in or out of Term, whereof a Week's Notice (insuch Form as the said Courts respectively shall direct) shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, and affixed in some conspicuous Place at the Entrance of such Court respectively making such Order; and that all Judgments to be pronounced at such Sittings in Banco, and all Rules and Orders in respect thereof to be made by virtue of this Act, shall have the same Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been pronounced or made in Term Time.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Judges and they are hereby required to cause a Revision to be made and continued from Term to Term of the Practice and Pleading of the said Courts, and on or before the First Day of January next following the passing of this Act to make such General Orders as to them shall seem fit, so that thenceforth there shall be Uniformity of Practice and Pleading in the said Courts and the Offices thereof; and any Code of Practice and Pleading consistent with the Provisions of this Act which shall be agreed upon and adopted by the said Judges or any Seven or more of them, of whom Two shall be Chief Judges, and notified by General Order under their Hands, shall thenceforth be the uniform Practice and Pleading to be observed in each of the said Courts and the Offices thereof, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Judges or any Seven or more of them, of whom Two shall be Chief Judges, from Time to Time and at all Times in like Manner to vary, alter, and amend the said Code of Practice and Pleading as to them shall seem fit.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every Judge of the said Courts, to whatever Court he may belong, shall have full Power and competent Jurisdiction and shall be and he is hereby authorized to sit in Dublin, as well in Term as in Vacation, for the Trial of Issues in Fact arising in any of the said Courts, and to transact in Chamber or elsewhere such Business depending in any of the said Courts as relates to Matters over which the said Courts have a common Jurisdiction, and as may, according to the Course and Practice of the Courts, be transacted by a single Judge.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of Hilary Term next after the passing of this Act the Nisi Prius Courts of the said Superior Courts of Common Law sitting at Dublin shall be consolidated, and that thenceforth there shall be but One Common Court of Nisi Prius for the Trial at Dublin of Issues in Fact arising in either or any of the Courts, except as herein-after provided, and for the Hearing of Appeals from inferior Jurisdictions; which Court of Nisi Prius shall consist of One Judge or Baron of either of the said Superior Courts, to be chosen for that Purpose by the said Judges and Barons according to such Arrangement as they shall think proper, and

161

1850. Process and Practice (Ireland), Cap. 18.

in such Order of Rotation that each Court shall, by One of its Judges or Barons, take the Duty in turn by Terms.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That such consolidated Nisi Such Court to. Prius Court shall sit continuously or by Adjournment, as *lt continuous-Occasion may require, from the Second Day of each Term until y' the Bud thereof, or so much longer as may be necessary for the Completion of any Trial then in progress before the said Court, and that Notice of Trial may be served for any Day within the said Period, subject however to such Regulations as to the Class of Cases to be tried in the said Court, or otherwise, as the Judges may by any General Order make from Time to Time in that Behalf: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to interfere with the Duty of the Chief Judge of each Court as now discharged of sitting after Term for the Trial of Issues at Nisi Prius, but that each of the said Chief Judges shall, notwithstanding the Sittings at Nisi Prius herein provided, sit after Term as heretofore for the Trial of any Issues at Nisi Prius arising in his Court, which shall be entered as heretofore for such after Sittings; and provided also, that if any Issue or Issues entered for Trial in the said consolidated Nisi Prius Court shall remain undisposed of at the Termination of the Sittings of the said Court for any Term, the same shall be transferred to and be deemed to have been entered for such after Sittings, and shall be taken up and disposed of respectively by the Chief Judge of the Court in which such Issues respectively shall have arisen, as if the same had been originally entered for such after Sittings.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Duty of attending such Officers of con. consolidated Nisi Prius Court as Clerk of Nisi Prius shall be 8ol!date^ N, si discharged by the Town Registrar of the Chief Justice or Chief Pnus CourU Baron of the Court to which the Judge sitting at Nisi Prius shall belong; and if it shall happen that such Sitting at Nisi Prius shall not have terminated at any Time when the Chief Justice or Chief Baron shall require the Attendance of his said Registrar for the Purpose of such Nisi Prius Sittings in his own Court as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Nisi Prius Judge to require the Attendance of any of the Assistants or Clerks belonging to his Court who can at such Time be spared from his Office Duties, to act as his temporary Clerk of Nisi Prius; and the Lords Chief Justices and Chief Baron, or any Two of them, shall appoint a fit and proper Person to act as Crier of the said Nisi Prius Court, who shall be paid such Salary as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, the same to be charged and included in the quarterly Accounts of incidental Expenses of the said Courts respectively, in like Manner and Proportions as the Salary of the Court Keeper of the Nisi Prius Court, and other incidental Expenses common to the Three Courts, are now charged; and all Jurors, Witnesses, and other Persons who may have been summoned or required to attend or who ought to attend at or for the Trial of any Cause before the said Chief Justice or Chief Baron shall give their Attendance at or for the Trial thereof

L 2 before

13 Victf.

Appeals to be heard by consolidated Nisi Prius Court.

Unequal Distribution of Business to be remedied.

Writ and Appearance and Seal Offices to be consolidated.

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland).

before such other Judge as shall be sitting for the Trial thereof by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that all Causes intended to be tried at any Sittings at Nisi Prius at Dublin shall be entered for Trial with the Registrar of the Chief Justice or Chief Baron of that Court in which the Cause shall be at issue, and all other Process and Proceedings for or relating to the Trials thereof shall be made and issued as heretofore, but nevertheless the Trial of every Cause which shall be tried by virtue of this Act shall be entered and made of Record as having been had and made before the Judge before whom such Cause shall happen to have been actually tried.

XXX. And whereas by certain Acts of Parliament now in

force in Ireland Provision is made for enabling any Person who may think himself aggrieved by a Decree or Dismiss of the Recorder of Dublin upon any Civil Bill, or by a Decree, Dis-

miss, or Order of the Chairman of the County of Dublin, or

by the Decree of any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor Court within the County of Dublin, to appeal from such Decree to the Chief Justice of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's 4 Bench or Common Pleas, or to the Chief Baron of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or other Justice of Nisi Prius, at their respective Sittings at Nisi Prius for the City of Dublin:' Be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all such Appeals shall be made to the said consolidated Nisi Prius Court herein-before constituted and authorized at the Sittings thereof which shall commence or be in progress next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Day of making such Decree, Dismiss, or Order, and shall be received and determined by the said Court at any Time or Times of its Sittings which shall be appointed by the Judge of the said Court for that Purpose.

XXXI. 'And whereas much public Inconvenience arises from the unequal Distribution of Business amongst the said Superior Courts of Common Law, whereby one Court is often insufficiently employed while the others are unduly pressed, to the great Delay and Injury of Suitors and Detriment of Justice, and it is expedient to adopt Means to equalize the Business of the said Courts, so far as the same can be effected Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the several Writ and Appearance and Seal Offices of the Superior Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Pleas Exchequer in Ireland shall be consolidated, and there shall be for the said Three Courts but One Common Writ and Appearance and Seal Office for the Entry, Issue, and Sealing of Writs for all and each of the said Courts, and for the Transaction of such other Business ad is now transacted at the Writ and Appearance and Seal Offices of such respective Courts, and which Office, and the Officers, Assistants, and Clerks therein, shall be deemed equally the Office, and Officers, Assistants, and Clerks, of each of the said Courts, as well for and in respect of any Business or Proceedings which may have been commenced before and be in progress at the Time

12 of

185a

163

Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18.

of the Commencement of this Act or of any Part thereof as for and in respect of any Business or Proceedings which may be commenced thereafter, and shall be subject to such Orders,

Rules, and Regulations as the Lords Chief Justices of the mid Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas and Lord Chief Baron of the said Court of Exchequer, or any Two of them, shall from Time to Time or at any Time make for the Regulation and Conduct thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Chief Juftticct for the Lords Chief Justices of the said Courts of Queen's "lect clrk Bench and Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Boron of the Assistim* from said Court of Exchequer, and they are hereby required, as amongst those soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and now in reasonable Time before the Commencement thereof, to select emp °y and appoint, from amongst the Officers, Assistants, and Clerks now employed in the Writ, Appearance, and Seal Offices of the said Three Courts, One of the said Officers now being Clerk of the Writs, Appearances, and Seal, to be the Clerk of the Writs, Appearances, and Seal in the said consolidated Office, and a sufficient Number of the said Assistants and Clerks to discharge the Duties of the said consolidated Office; and the racb Clerk of Persona so selected and appointed by the said Chief Justices Writs and Aland Chief Baron shall have the same Powers and Authorities »mePote^e and discharge the like Duties in the said consolidated Office, &c. m under except as herein-after provided, as were assigned to the Clerks 7 8 Vi<*. of the Writs, Appearances, and Seal, and their Assistants and c*107,

Clerks, in the respective Offices of the said Three Courts, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate and reduce the Expense of the Offices attached ts the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund, and shall hold their Offices as therein provided, and shall be entitled to such Salaries respectively as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall assign; and meh Salaries, when settled and directed by the said Commis-Moaem of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be payable to the said Persons respectively in like Manner and out of the same Fund as provided for Payment of Salaries by the said recited Act

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That when and so often as Future Ap-a Vacancy shall occur by the Death, Resignation, or Removal pointmeuta to of the Clerk of the Writs to be appointed in pursuance of this !* n?adj.as Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or *ere>° >rec other Chief Governor of Ireland for the Time being to nominate and appoint some fit or proper Person to fill such vacant Office; provided that the Person so appointed shall be qualified as by the said last-recited Act is directed and required; and when and m often as a Vacancy shall occur by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of the Assistants or Clerks in the said Office each Vacancy shall be filled up by the Appointment of such of the Assistants or Clerks then in the said Office holding Situations inferior to that which shall be vacant, as die Masters

L 3 of

164

Clerk of Writs not to take Affidavits or receive and file returned Writs.

Officers in Writ Offices not included in consolidated Office to cease to be such Officers, &c.

Office of Chief Crier of Court of Exchequer abolished, and One Crier only to be appointed.

Crier to be paid in future by Salary, as in the other Courts.

Compensation to Persons affected by Act.

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 VICT.

of the said Superior Courts, or any Two of them, shall select and appoint, with the Approval of the Lords Chief Justices and Chief Baron, or any Two of them; and that on all future Vacancies in the Junior Clerkship in the said Office the Masters of the said Superior Courts, or any Two of them, shall appoint some fit and proper Person to be such Junior Clerk.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Clerk of the Writs shall not take Affidavits, or receive and file any returned Writs, and that all such Writs shall be received and filed by the Pleadings' Assistants respectively of the Courts into which the same shall be returnable.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Officer, Assistant, and Clerk now employed in the said Writ and Appearance and Seal Offices of the said several Courts, and who shall not be so selected and appointed in the said consolidated Office, shall, from the Time of the said Consolidation, cease to be such Officer, Assistant, or Clerk as constituted by the said Act.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act the Office of Chief Crier of the said Court of Exchequer shall be and the same is hereby abolished, and there shall be but One Crier of the said Court, to be appointed and to hold his Office in like Manner as the Crier of each of the other Superior Courts of Common Law; and it shall not be lawful for any Crier of the said Court of Exchequer to ask, demand, or receive any Fee or Fees in respect of Judgments, Appearances, or any other Proceedings at the Law Side of the said Court, but that such Fees shall utterly determine and cease to be payable; and that in lieu thereof such Crier shall in future be paid a Salary of One hundred and twenty Pounds yearly, as in the other Two Superior Courts of Common Law, which Salary shall be payable to such Crier in like Manner and out of the same Fund as hereinbefore provided for the Payment of Salaries: Provided always, that the said Crier shall account periodically, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, for the Fees to be received by him in respect of Business at the Equity Side of the said Court, and shall pay over the Amount thereof at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, so that the same shall be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund: Provided also, that the said Crier shall be entitled to receive such Salary in respect of the said Equity Business as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall direct, the same to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That every Person holding any Office or Employment in the said several Courts, who shall by the Operation of this Act be deprived of such Office' or Employment, or any Emolument arising therefrom, shall be entitled to make a Claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the

1850.

Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18. 105

said Commissioners, in such Manner as they shall think fit, to inquire what was the Nature of the Office or Employment, and what was the Tenure thereof, and what were the lawful Salary or Emoluments in respect of which such Compensation should be allowed, and the said Commissioners in each Case shall award such Compensations, if any, as they shall think just; and all such Compensations shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

Provided always, that if any Person ceasing under this Enactment to be continued or employed as aforesaid shall be appointed after the passing of this Act to any public Office or Employment, the Payment of the Compensation awarded to him under this Act, so long as he shall continue to receive the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Employment, shall be suspended if the Amount of such Salary or Emoluments be greater than the Amount of such Compensation, or, if not, shall be diminished by the Amount of such Salary or Emoluments: Provided also, that an Account of all such Compensations shall, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be so granted, be laid upon the Table of the House of Commons, if Parliament be then assembled, or if Parliament be not then assembled, then within Fourteen Days after the Meeting of the Parliament then next assembled.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Writs for Com-Consolidation of Offices all Writs for the Commencement of mencement or Personal Actions in the said Courts shall by the Clerk of the jJ^T^Rotu-Writs be entered and issued in Rotation by Twenty-fives, that tion for the is to say, the First Twenty-five for the Queen's Bench, the seTeral CourU Second Twenty-five for the Common Pleas, and the Third Twenty-five for the Exchequer, and so on in continuous Rotation of Twenty-fives for the several Courts, so as to produce and keep up an equal Distribution thereof; and all subsequent Proceedings in any Action so commenced shall be had and taken in the Court to which the said Writ shall be in the course of Rotation allotted, and shall be the Business of the said Court and the Offices thereof.

XXXIX.' Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plea No Plea in in Abatement on the ground of any Privilege possessed or claimed Abatement on by any Defendant to be sued in' any particular Court shall be ^1°^ valid. 1 valid m any such Action.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful °«e Common for the Judges of the said several Courts and they are hereby fb^jhe Th^eT* required to devise and adopt and cause to be prepared a fitting Courts.

Seal, which shall be the Common Seal of the Three Courts, to be affixed to all Writs of either Court by the Clerk of the Writs, and which Seal shall be in lieu of and have the same Force and Effect as the respective Seals of the said Courts now in use.

XLL. And be it enacted, That from and after the Com- All Pleadings, mencement of this Act every Pleading to be filed in any of e

the Offices of the said Courts shall be engrossed or written on "d Dhneii!pe

L 4 Vellum sions.

166 Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 VICTV

Vellum or Parchment of uniform Shape and Dimensions, with a certain Margin so as to admit of their being filed and kept as herein-after directed; and that every Affidavit or other Proceeding usually written upon Paper, and to be filed in any of the said Offices, shall in like Manner be of uniform Shape, and Dimensions, and with a like Margin for the like Purpose; Judges to fix and the said Judges or any Seven or more of them, of whom DioumsuMu1^ Two shall be Chief Judges, shall determine and by their Order Pleadings, &c. direct what shall be the Shape and Dimensions and Pattern of such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper respectively, and to what Documents such Regulations shall apply; and the Officers of the said Courts shall not receive or file any Pleading, Affidavit, or Document which shall not be according to such Regulations, and engrossed or written fairly and legibly, and in fit Condition to be placed amongst the Records of the Court, officers to file

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Officers whose Duty it aftwUufMan 8^ia^ be to and keep such Pleadings, Affidavits, and Docu-nerof Book* ments respectively shall file the same as they shall be received in compact Order, attaching them by Laces through the Margin to Portfolio Covers after the Manner of Books, so that the same When Judg- shall be kept free from Injury and easily accessible; and that made u* Attor w^en shall be required to make up any Judgment, the Attorney ^deliver*" ney requiring the same shall deliver to the proper Officer a cor-to officer a rect Summary or Recital of the Proceedings, briefly stating the H^d*ary several Pleadings and the Nature thereof, and which Summary e , ngs* shall be written fairly on Parchment, and signed by the Attor-and Officer to ney and thereupon the Officer shall take off from the Plead-i>ut Pleadings ings File the several Pleadings in the Cause in which such j°ifdet^enotViie Judgment shall be required to be made up, and shall place astheperma them, together with the said Summary prefixed, in consecutive nent Record. Order, in like Manner secured by Laces through the Margin, upon the File of Judgments, there to be kept as the permanent Records of the Court.

It shall not be

XLIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Com-necessary to mencement of this Act it shall not be necessary in enrolling "eS! Judgments in any of the said Courts to transcribe the whole ings on the Pleadings as heretofore upon the Roll, or to insert Continuances Judgment Roll, of Imparlances or any other Fictions now used for Form sake; Continuances, and that it shall in all Cases of enrolling Judgments be suffi-&c., but only a cient to place on the Roll a correct Summary or Recital of Summary, &c. the Proceedings according to Fact, such as herein-before directed, together with the Award of Judgment in proper Form, with a Reference to the original Pleadings on the Judgment File, whereby the same may be immediately found and in-No Judgment spected; and no Judgment so enrolled under the Authority of to be disturbed this Act shall be liable to be disturbed on the Ground of Error OmUoions, &c. Qn account of any Omissions hereby authorized upon any Plea whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstaqdr Protiio for fog: Provided always, that if it shall be deemed necessary in of Error'Ic. 1" ^y Case ^or Prosecution of a Writ of Error, or for any other Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to order

187

1850. Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18.

order that the whole or any Part of the Pleadings shall be transcribed upon the Roll, and the same shall be transcribed by the proper Officer.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, on the filing of any Pleading, Affidavit, Document, or Proceeding in any of the Offices of the said Courts or either of them, of which filing it shall be necessary to serve Notice, the Party filing the same shall cause to be served and delivered, together with the Notice thereof, a true Copy of such Pleading, Affidavit, Document, or Proceeding; and it shall not be necessary for either Party to take out or produce in Court or before any Judge or Baron in Chamber an attested Copy of any Pleading, Affidavit, Document, or Proceeding, a Copy of which shall have been delivered, unless it shall happen that the Trial, Hearing, or Motion upon which the Copy of such Pleading, Affidavit, Document, or Proceeding shall be read or used shall be bad or made at Assizes, or at any Place where immediate Reference cannot be had to the original Pleading, Affidavit, Document, or Proceeding on the File, in the event of the Accuracy of the delivered Copy being disputed; and all Paper Books for the Judges on Law Arguments, and Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error, shall be prepared and written or engrossed by the Attornies or Parties requiring them, under such Regulations as the Judges shall rake in that Behalf by any General Order aa herein-before provided.

XLV. And be it enacted, That any Expenses which the said Judges shall certify (as now required with reference to incidental Expenses) to have been necessarily or properly incurred in giving effect to the Provisions of this Act shall be charged and paid in like Manner and as Part of the incidental Expenses of the said Courts.

On filing any Pleading, Affidavit, Ac., Copy roust be delivered with the Notice, and, except in certain Cases, attested Copy shall not be necessary.

Expenses certified as proper to be paid as Part of incidental Expenses.

XLVI. And be it enacted* That all Persons who shall at the Commitdoner* Commencement of this Act have been duly appointed as Cora- taking Affi-misskmers for taking Affidavits or Special Ban in and for any CoTu^ one of the said Superior Courts of Common Law shall be Com- Commissioners miasionerB for, and they are hereby authorized to take Affidavits all0, 6

or Special Bail in and for each of the said Courts; and the rU '

Administration of all Affidavits and all Bail Pieces taken by them or any of them by virtue hereof shall have the same Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the Commissioner administering or taking the same were duly appointed by Commission from each of the said Courts.

XLV£L And be it enacted, That from and after the Com- and hereafter mencement of this Act no Commissioner for taking Affidavits or , h?u ?p-Special Bail for the said Courts shall be appointed except by of the Court of Queen's Bench; and that each and every Person Queen1* Be*eb«. appointed by the said Court as Commissioner for taking Affidavits or Special Bail shall be, by virtue of the Commission issued by the Court of Queen's Bench, a Commissioner duly authorized to all Intents and Purposes for taking Affidavits or

Special

168

Cap. 18. Process and Practice (Ireland). 13 VICT.

A* to Disqualification of Commissioners.

[Commencement of Act.]

Schedule to be Part of this Act.

Interpretation of Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Special Bail in and for all the Superior Courts of Common Law, with all the Powers and Privileges now by Law belonging to, or hereafter to belong to. Commissioners appointed to take Affidavits in and for the said Courts or either of them.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person disqualified by the Order of either of the said Courts from acting as such Commissioner shall be thereupon disqualified from acting as such Commissioner for all the said Courts.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That, save where herein otherwise provided, this Act shall commence and take effect on the last Day of Trinity Term next after the passing hereof.

L. And be it enacted, That the Schedule to this Act annexed, and all Directions and Matters therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act.

LL. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Words " Judge or Judges" shall be taken to mean also Baron or Barons; and that the Words " Recorder, Chairman, Seneschal, or Steward" shall be taken to include any Deputy of the said Recorder, Chairman, Seneschal, or Steward; and that wherever the Word " County" is used herein it shall be taken to extend to and include, where necessary or consistent, any County of a City or County of a Town, or City and County of any Place, as the Case may be; and that the Words "Party and Person" shall extend to and include any Corporation or other public Body; and that any Words importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only shall be understood to include several Matters as well as one Matter, and several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, unless it be otherwise provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

LII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. 1.

Writ of Summons.

Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith.

To A.B.

of

We

[Residence and Description, as the Case may be], greeting.

command you, that within Eight Days after the Service of this

Writ on you, inclusive of the Day of such Service, you do cause

The Name of an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of *

C°rtM b° Dublin in an Action [as the Case maybe; if in Ejectment add

Clerk* of the ^ie Words," of Trespass and Ejectment for Nonpayment of

Writ* at the Rent," or " on Title," as the Case may be," to recover Posses-

Time of enter- gion of» describing the Lands and Premises, 1 at the Suit of ing and sealing. J CD

1850.

169

Process and Practice (Ireland). Cap. 18.

C.D. of [Residence and Description, as the Case

nun he; in Ejectment add the Words," and such other Person or Persons as may be necessary to support such Action "]; and take notice, that in default of your so doing the said C.D. may cause an Appearance to be entered for you, and proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

Witness the Seal of Our Superior Courts of Common Law hereunto set at Dublin, the Day of

in the Year of Our Lord 18 .

Memorandum to be subscribed to the Writ before entering and sealing thereof

Issued by E.F. of No. [the registered Residence]

Dublin.

Attorney for the said C.D.

In Cases where the Plaintiff sues in Person the Form shall be varied and signed accordingly.

Memorandum to be endorsed on the Writ before Service thereof

N.B. — This Writ is to be served within Four Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards. (And if the Action be for liquidated Damages) the Plaintiff claims £ for Debt

and for Costs, and if the Amount thereof be

paid to the Plaintiff or his Attorney within Eight Days from the Service hereof, further Proceedings will be stayed.

Memorandum to be endorsed on the Writ in Actions of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent before Service thereof

The Plaintiff claims £ being for Year's

Bent up to the Day of 18, the

Times at which the same accrued due being as follows, that is to say, and if the Amount thereof be paid to the Plaintiff or Attorney, together with the Costs, before the Day of 18 ,

further Proceedings will be stayed.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Endorsement to be made on the Writ after Service thereof

This Writ was served by me X. Y. on A.B. therein described, personally, at in the County of on the Day of 18

(Signed)

N.B. — This Endorsement to be varied as may be necessary in Cases of Corporations, or of substituted Service.

No.

13 VICT.

Cap. 18, 19. Process and Practice (Ireland).

No. 2.

Form for entering Appearance.

Court of Docket of Appearance.

A at the Suit of 1 Defendant A.B. this Day appears to the c.D. J Writ of Summons [if in Ejectment or Replevin,

to be so stated here-\ in this Cause by Attorney

for the said

Dated this Day of 1850.

No. Dublin.

N.B. — In Cases of Default the Words " pursuant to Statute'" to be inserted after the Word "appears;" and in Cases where the Defendant appears in Person the Form shall be varied and signed accordingly. In all Cases the Residence or registered Residence of the Defendant or Attorney appearing shall be stated in the Docket of Appearance.

is Vict. c. 18.

The Words " Trinity Term" in recited Act to mean Trinity Term, 1850.

Provision as to Costs in Section 19. of recited Act to apply only to Cues herein specified.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

[10th June 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Imw in c Ireland, it is enacted, that the said Act as to certain Provisions thereof shall commence and take effect from and after the last Day of Trinity Term next after the passing thereof;

and it is expedient to prevent Doubts as to the Construction ' of the said Act in that respect Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Words " from and after the last Day of Trinity Term," in the said Act contained, shall be construed and taken to mean, and the said Words are hereby declared to mean, wherever used in the said Act, the last Day of Trinity Term One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

II. ' And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that in all 1 Cases when Judgment shall be permitted to go by Default

no Taxation of Costs shall take place therein, but the Officer 1 of the Court in which Judgment shall be signed shall and he is thereby required to add to such Judgment the Sums in the said Act specified as and for the Plaintiff's Costs:' Be it enacted and declared, That the said Provision shall be construed and taken, and it is hereby declared to apply only to

18501 Process and Practice (Ireland) Act Amendment C. 19, 20. 171

Cases of Judgment by Default in personal Actions brought for the Recovery of liquidated Sums under Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from Commencement the passing thereof. of Act *

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables.

[10th June 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act for the Appointment and Payment ' of Parish Constables was passed in the Fifth and Sixth 1 Years of Her present Majesty, and it is desirable to amend the same Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions in the said recited Act made in case of Vacancy by Death or Disqualification of any Constable during his Year of Office shall be extended to the Discharge of any Constable which shall take place under the Powers of the said recited Act.

II. 4 And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that certain Fees and Allowances, to be settled by Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, shall be paid to Constables for the Service of Summonses and Execution of Warrants Be it enacted, That the said Fees and Allowances so settled by the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions, and approved by a Secretary of State, as in the said recited Act is required, shall in like Manner be paid to the said Constables for the Execution of any Order of a Justice made in Writing, or for the Performance of any occasional Duties, the same being sanctioned and allowed by Justices in Petty Session assembled.

III. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation or Dismissal for Misconduct of any paid Constable at any Time, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Division in Petty Sessions assembled forthwith to appoint another paid Constable, from and out of the List of Constables allowed by the said Justices at the Special Sessions last holden for the Appointment of Constables, at the same Rate of Salary as has been agreed by the Vestry in the Manner required by the said recited Act to be given to paid Constables.

IV. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that due Notice shall be given to Justices to hold Special Sessions for the Appointment of Parochial Constables, but it is not stated by whom such Notice shall be given:' Be it enacted, That such Notice shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Justices.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 109.

Provision in case of Discharge of Parish Constables.

Fees and Allowances.

Justices to fill up Vacancies, in the Case of Death, Resignation, &c. of paid Constables.

Notices for holding Special Sessions for Appointment of Constables to be given by Clerks.

V. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that All Person* em-certain Persons therein named shall be freed and exempt from ]d(2cd by Po*1

, r . Office exempt serving

Parish Constables.

from serving as Constables.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 109. s. 23., as to Appointment of Constable to take charge of Lockup Houses, repealed.

Superintendents of Constables to be appointed.

When Lock-up Houses are provided Justices to appoint Constables to take charge of the same.

Notice for the Appointment, &c. of Constables to be given by the Clerk.

Act not to apply to the City of London, the Metropolitan Police District, or any Borough or Place within the Provisions of 5&6 W.4. c. 76. and 3&4 W. 4. C. 90.

Cap. 20.

13 Vict.

serving the Office of Constable under the said Act:' Be it enacted, That the said Exemption shall extend to all Postmasters and Persons employed in the Business of the Post Office.

VI. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted,

that whenever the Justices shall have provided a Lock-up 4 House under this Act they shall also appoint a superintending Constable to have the Charge thereof, who shall have all the Powers and Immunities of a Parish Constable under this Act, and shall have the Superintendence of all the Parish Constables appointed in such Parishes as shall be ordered by the said Justices, and under such Regulations as they shall

make, and every such superintending Constable shall be entitled to hold his Office until dismissed by the Justices in General or Quarter Session assembled, and shall receive such Salary out of the County Rates as the Justices assembled as aforesaid shall order; and it is expedient that the said Enactment should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof:' Be it enacted, That the said Enactment shall be repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County in General or Quarter Session assembled to appoint a superintending Constable for each or any Petty Sessional Division within the said County, who shall have all the Powers and Immunities of a Parish Constable under the said recited Act, and shall have the Superintendence of all the Parish Constables appointed in such Parishes as shall be ordered by the said Justices, and under such Regulations as they shall make, and shall perform such Duties as the said Justices shall require of him; and whenever the Justices assembled as aforesaid shall have provided a Lock-up House under the said recited Act, they shall also appoint a Constable to have the Charge thereof, who shall also have all the Powers and Immunities of a Parish Constable under the said recited Act; and every superintending Constable, and Constable so appointed to the Charge of a Lock-up House, shall be entitled to hold his Office until dismissed by the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and shall receive such Salary and Allowances out of the County Rates as the Justices assembled as aforesaid shall order: Provided always, that Notice of the Day at which any Business relating to the Appointment or Dismissal, or to the fixing or ordering of the Salary and Allowances, of any such Constable shall begin at such General or Quarter Session shall be given by the Clerk of the Peace.

VII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be taken to prevent the Appointment of Special Constables, or to apply to the City of London or the Metropolitan Police District, or to any Borough which is within the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or of any Charter granted in pursuance of that Act or of any Act made for the
---
1850 Parish Constables. Cap. 20, 21. 173

Amendment thereof, or to any Parish, Town, or Place in which Rates are or shall be levied for the Payment of Constables under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, making Provision for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales, or of any Local Act specially applying to such Parish, Town, or Place; and that nothing herein-before contained shall be taken to apply to the County Palatine of Chester.

[Exempting Metropolitan Police District from Payments under this or the recited Act.]

VIII. And for the Purposes of exempting the Metropolitan Police District as herein-before provided, be it enacted, That the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled shall in each Year, at the Time of making up their Accounts for the Year, ascertain what Proportion any Expenses that have been incurred during the preceding Year under this or the said recited Act shall bear to the gross Amount of the County Rate expended within the same Period, and also what Proportion of the said County Rate has been levied within the Metropolitan Police District, and shall repay to each Parish within the said Metropolitan Police District such Proportion of the Sums so levied as they shall ascertain to be a like Proportion of the Sums expended under this Act out of the County Rate.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for shortening the Language used in Acts of Parliament.

[10th June 1850.]

BE it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Acts of Parliament may be altered, &c. in the same Session.]

That every Act to he passed after the Commencement of this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed in the same Session of Parliament, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Acts to be divided into Sections, without introductory Words.]

II. Be it enacted, That all Acts shall be divided into Sections, if there be more Enactments than One, which Sections shall be deemed to be substantive Enactments, without any introductory Words.

[Where any Act is referred to it shall be sufficient to cite the Year of the Reign, Chapter, and Section, &c.]

III. Be it enacted, That in any Act, when any former Act is referred to, it shall be sufficient, if such Act was made before the Seventh Year of Henry the Seventh, to cite the Year of the King's Reign in which it was made, and where there are more Statutes than One in the same Year the Statute, and where there are more Chapters than One the Chapter; and if such Act referred to was made after the Fourth Year of Henry the Seventh, to cite the Year of the Reign, and where there are more Statutes or Sessions than One in the same Year the Statute or the Session (as the Case may require), and where

174 Cap. 21. Acts of Parliament Abbreviation. 13 VICT.

there are more Chapters or Sections than One the Chapter or Section or Chapter and Section (as the Case may require), without reciting the Title of such Act, or the Provision of such Section, so referred to; and the Reference in all Cases shall be made according to the Copies of Statutes printed by the Queen's Printer, or to the Copies thereof contained in the Reports of the Commissioners of Public Records: Provided that where it is only intended to amend or repeal any Portion only of such Section it shall be necessary still either to recite such Portion or to set forth the Matter or Thing intended to be amended or repealed.

[Interpretation of certain Words for future Acts.]

IV. Be it enacted, That in all Acts Words importing the Masculine Gender shall be deemed and taken to include Females, and the Singular to include the Plural, and the Plural the Singular, unless the contrary as to Gender or Number is expressly provided; and the Word "Month" to mean Calendar Month, unless Words be added showing Lunar Month to be intended; and "County" shall be held to mean also County of a Town or of a City, unless such extended Meaning is expressly excluded by Words; and the Word "Land" shall include Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Houses and Buildings, of any Tenure, unless where there are Words to exclude Houses and Buildings, or to restrict the Meaning to Tenements of some particular Tenure; and the Words "Oath," "swear," and "Affidavit" shall include Affirmation, Declaration, affirming, and declaring, in the Case of Persons by Law allowed to declare or affirm instead of swearing.

[Repealed Acts not to be revived, &c.]

V. Be it enacted, That where any Act repealing in whole or in part any former Act is itself repealed, such last Repeal shall not revive the Act or Provisions before repealed, unless Words be added reviving such Act or Provisions.

[Repealed Provisions of any Act to remain in force until the substituted Provisions come into force.]

VI. Be it enacted, That wherever any Act shall be made repealing in whole or in part any former Act, and substituting some Provision or Provisions instead of the Provision or Provisions repealed, such Provision or Provisions so repealed shall remain in force until the substituted Provision or Provisions shall come into operation by force of the last made Act.

[Acts to be deemed Public Acts.]

VII. Be it enacted, That every Act made after the Commencement of this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, unless the contrary be expressly provided and declared by such Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

VIII. Be it declared and enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

1850. Exchequer Bills. Cap. 22. 175

CAP. XXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

[10th June 1850.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,
---
WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Yoor Majesty the Sum here in-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Beoript of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight millions fire hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating die issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bids, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and an another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holdea in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, sad Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act *

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to soeh Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged M upon

Treasury may raise 8, 558, 700*. by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by

46 G. S.C. 1.

465 W.4.1.15,

58c6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

The Treasury to apply the Money raised.

Bills how to be charged and paid.

Interest on Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Revenue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

Bank of England may advance 8, 558.700/. on the Credit of Bills, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. <.20.

Cap. 22, 23. Exchequer Bills. 13 VICT.

upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. And be it enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable or which, shall hereafter be granted or payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be. made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hunched Pounds; anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal an Exception in an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Sixth concerning the Days whereon Fairs and Markets ought not to be kept.

[10th June 1850.]

27 Hen. 6. c. 5.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Sixth, intituled Certain Days

wherein Fairs and Markets ought not to be kept9 it was provided that all Fairs and Markets on certain principal Feasts therein mentioned, and Sundays and Good Friday, should

177

Sunday Fairs Prevention. Cup. 23, 24.

cease as therein mentioned (the Four Sundays in Harvest excepted?) t And whereas it is expedient that the said Exception should be repealed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Exception of the Four Sundays in Harvest, contained in the said Act, shall be repealed, and the said Act shall be construed as if such Exception were not inserted therein.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to improve the said Hospital, and also to enlarge and improve the Billingsgate Dock, and widen Billingsgate Street, in Greenwich; and for other Purposes.

[25th June 1850.]

WHEREAS it would conduce to the Improvement of the " Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the Estate of the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital in the Vicinity thereof,

if a certain Lane or Road known by the Name of Fisher Lane in the Town of Greenwich aforesaid were stopped up, and if the Soil of the said Lane or Road, and also a certain Dock or Landing Place known as the Ship Dock and Ship Stairs, on the Banks of the River Thames in the Parish of Greenwich, which will become unnecessary for the Use of the Public when the Dock known as the Billingsgate Dock hereinafter mentioned shall have been widened and enlarged, were vested in the said Commissioners, and inclosed within and appropriated to the Use of the said Hospital, discharged from all public and other Rights and Interests in, over, or upon the same, and if the said Commissioners were empowered to purchase and take for the Use of the said Hospital certain Buildings, Ground, and Hereditaments lying between the said Lane called Fisher Lane and the Pier known as the Greenwich Pier, and such Part and Portion of the said Pier as now belongs to and is the Freehold Property of the Greenwich Pier Company, and also certain Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments bounded on the North by Crane Street, on the East by High Bridge Street, both in Greenwich aforesaid, and on the South and West by certain Buildings, Ground, and Hereditaments already belonging to the said Hospital: And whereas it would also afford greater Accommodation to the Public if the said Dock known as the Billingsgate Dock, 4 on the Banks of the River Thames in the Parish of Greenwick aforesaid, which will in future be used by the Public instead of the said Dock or Landing Place known as the Ship Dock and Ship Stairs, were enlarged, widened, and improved,

and a Landing Place or Landing Stairs provided for the Use of Watermen and other Persons resorting to and using

Exception of the Four Sundays in Harvest repealed.

Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital empowered to make the Improvement *

Power to stop up Fisher Lane, and to vest the Ship Dock and Ship Stairs in the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital.

Cap. 24. Greenwich Hospital Improvement 13 & 14 VICT.

the same, and it would also be a great Accommodation and Improvement to the Town of Greenwich aforesaid, and the Persons using the said Dock, if a certain Road or Street known as Billingsgate Street in Greenwich aforesaid, and leading from Church Street to the said Dock, were improved and

widened so as to be of an uniform Width of Forty Feet, and ' it is necessary, in carrying into effect such Improvements,

that the said Commissioners should be empowered to purchase and take certain Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments lying and being on the East Side of Bill lingsgate Street aforesaid, and on the East and West Sides of Billingsgate Dock, both adjoining the River Thames: And whereas the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital are willing to take upon themselves the Execution of the abovementioned Alterations and Improvements; and the Houses,

6 Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments required in making such Alterations and Improvements are mentioned and comprised in the Schedule to this Act annexed: And whereas Plans and Sections showing the Situation and Level of the said Billingsgate Dock as the same is intended to be ' enlarged, widened, and improved, and the Line and Situation ' of the proposed Alteration and widening of Billingsgate Street aforesaid, and a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of the said Houses, Build-

ings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Kent:

And whereas the Objects aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall be and they are hereby empowered to make the Alterations and Improvements herein mentioned, and otherwise to carry the Purposes of th» Act into execution, in manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the said Dock called the Billingsgate Dock shall have been enlarged, widened, and improved, and the said Street called Billingsgate Street shall have been widened and improved, in manner hereinafter mentioned, and the Footpaths or Footways herein-after provided to be formed and made shall have been formed and made, then and from thenceforth the said Dock or Landing Place known as the Ship Dock and Ship Stairs, on the Banks of the River Thames in the Parish of Greenwich aforesaid, or so much thereof as is now public Property, shall be and become vested in the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, freed and discharged from all public and other Rights and Interests in, over, or upon the same; and then and immediately thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take and stop up the said Lane or Road known

185(X Greenwich Hospital Improvement. Cap. 24. 179

as Fisher Lane, situate in the Town of Greenwich aforesaid, commencing from the East Side of King William Street, and proceeding thence Eastward up to the Western Boundary of the said Hospital, and which said Lane or Road so proposed to be taken and stopped up is in Length Three hundred and thirty Feet or thereabouts, and in Breadth Fifty Feet or thereabouts, and the said Lane or Road shall thenceforth cease to be a Highway, and the Soil and Freehold thereof shall be vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors, freed and discharged from all public or private Rights of passing and repassing along the Mmp-

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to widen Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to enter upon, and make

and maintain, enlarge, widen, deepen, and improve, the said Dock called the Billingsgate Dock, on the Banks of the River Thames in the Parish of Greenwich aforesaid, in the Situation and upon the Lands delineated upon the said Plans, and to make and maintain such Walls, Fences, Landing Places, Landing Stairs, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences as may afford adequate Accommodation to Watermen and other Persons resorting to and using the same, and as the said Commissioners may think necessary for the Purposes of the said Dock, and to enter upon, take, and use such of the said Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be required for the Purposes aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That if at any Time hereafter, before if required by the Completion of the said Dock, the Lord High Admiral of the the Admiralty, United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office 1)°Jck J? of Lord High Admiral shall by Writing under the Hand of the W1 *nc ' Secretary of the Admiralty so require, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and they are hereby required to widen the said Dock so as to make the same of a Width not exceeding Sixty Feet.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Green- Landing Stair* *ctcA Hospital shall and they are hereby required to construct atto construct-the West End o(Brewhouse Lane good and sufficient Landing ^7^*° Stairs, according to such Plan as shall be approved of by the proved by the Lord High Admiral or by the Commissioners for executing the Admiralty. Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Works to be executed under Work* in the the Authority of this Act in or connected with the River Thame* to i»e Thames shall be constructed according to a Plan to be ap- c^r^mion of proved by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London. London in Common Council assembled, and to be deposited at

the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City, and that such Works shall be executed and performed to the Satisfaction of the Clerk of the Works for the Time being employed in the Thames Navigation.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Power to widen Greenwich Hospital shall be and they a, re hereby empowered to g*l^|gS8aU:

M 3 improve, btrec *

180

Footpath to be formed at West End of Brew-house Lane.

Footpath to be formed along the South Side of the Greenwich Pier.

Power to purchase Houses, Lands, ike.

Custody and Inspection of Plans Sections and Book of Reference.

Cap. 24. Greenwich Hospital Improvement. 13 & 14 VICT.

improve, widen, and enlarge the said Street called Billingsgate Street, in the Parish of Greenwich aforesaid, from the Point where the same joins Church Street to the South up to and so as to form a good Carriage Communication between Church Street and Billingsgate Dock as aforesaid, when so widened and improved; and such Street shall be so widened and improved within the Limits shown on the Plans aforesaid, so as to be of an uniform Width of not less than Forty Feet from the Point where such Improvements are commenced to where the same will join and communicate with the said Billingsgate Dock.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in improving and widening the said Billingsgate Dock and Billingsgate Street the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall contemporaneously form, make, and construct a Footway or Footpath of a Width not less than Six Feet, for the Use of the Public, from the West End Corner of Brewhouse Lane along the Eastern Side of the Wall or Boundary of the said Dock, when altered and widened, up to and entering Billingsgate Street aforesaid; and such Footpath or Footway shall be flagged, paved, and put in good Order, and convenient for the public Use, at the Expense of the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall also form, make, and construct a Footpath or Footway, for the Use of the Public, of an uniform Width of not less than Twelve Feet, to commence and form a Junction with the present Footpath running in front of the said Hospital on the Banks of the River Thames, and thence along the South Side of the Greenwich Pier, in the Direction shown on the said Plans, into King William Street aforesaid; and such Footpath or Footway shall be flagged, paved, and put in good Order, and convenient for the public Use, at the Expense of the said Commissioners.

X. And be it enacted, That in making the said Alterations and Improvements it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered, when they shall deem it necessary, within Five Years from the passing of this Act, to treat and agree for the Purchase of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned and comprised in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Estates, and Interests therein or Charges thereon, which the said Commissioners or their Successors may deem necessary or expedient to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Plans and Sections and Book of Reference herein-before mentioned shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the County of Kent, or his respective Deputy for the Time being; and that all Persons shall at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and to make Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy the Sum of One Shilling

each

1850. Greenwich Hospital Improvement Cap. 24.

each for such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of every such Copy or Extract.

XII. And for the Purpose of making Provision for correcting any Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Description of any of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers thereof, on the said Plans, or in the said Schedule hereto, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, after giving Ten Days Notice to the said Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers affected by such proposed Correction, to apply to Two Justices for the Correction thereof; and if it shall appear to such Justices that such Omission, Mis-statement, or erroneous Description arose from Mistake, they shall certify the same accordingly, and they shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of such Omissions, and in what respect any such Matter shall have been mis-stated or erroneously described; and such Certificates shall be deposited with the said Clerk of the Peace, and with the Parish Clerk of the Parish in which the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments affected thereby shall be situate; and such Certificate shall be kept by such Clerk of the Peace and Parish Clerk along with the other Documents to which they relate; and thereupon such Documents shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to execute the said Works according to such Certificate.

XIII. And be it enacted, That true Copies of such Plans and Sections and Book of Reference, or of any Correction thereof or Extracts therefrom, certified by the said Clerk of the Peace, which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace shall give to all Persons when required, shall be received in all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the several Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall, so far as the same may be applicable to and are not inconsistent with or modified by the Provisions of this Act, be incorporated with and form Part of this Act, and shall be applicable to the Purposes thereof.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors for the Purchase of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned and comprised in the said Schedule to this Act annexed shall apply as well to any Purchases already made or agreed to be made as to such as shall hereafter be made under the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in making the Alterations and Improvements in the Billingsgate Dock and Billings-gate Street aforesaid, to cause to be arched over or filled up any Sewer or Drain, or Part or Parts thereof, which shall lie and be in or near the said Dock or Street, so as that no public Sewer or Drain whatsoever, or any private Drain, shall be in anywise

M 4 disturbed,

181

Errors and Omissions may be corrected.

Copies to be Evidence.

Extending Provisions of Lands Clauses Act to this Act.

Powers given to Commissioners to apply to Purchases made, as well as to Purchases to be made.

Power to arch over grains, &c.

tuch arching oter, &c. to be done without the Sane* tion of the Metropolitan Commissioners of ©ewers/

After Enlarge* ment of Billingsgate Dock, same to be a public Dock.

After Enlargement of Billingsgate Street and Footways, same to be a public Highway and Footways *

Cap. 24; Greenwich Hospital Improvement 13 & 14 VICT.

disturbed, injured, or prejudiced without another Drain or Sewer being made in lieu thereof equally serviceable and convenient to the Individual or Neighbourhood; provided always, that at the Time of filling up any Sewer or Drain, or Part thereof, the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital or their Successors shall cause to be made and built other good and sufficient Sewers and Drains of the same or greater Size or Capacity, and upon the same or lower Levels than the Sewers or Drains which shall be filled up; Provided always, that no such arching over or filling up of any Sewer, Drain, or Watercourse shall be made or done, and no Work whatever to any Sewer, Drain, or Watercourse shall be done, without the previous Sanction of the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers; and in arching over or filling in any new Sewer, Drain, or Watercourse, or in doing any other Work affecting Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses, the said Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital and their Successors shall abide by the Orders and Regulations which the said Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers may make; and when any Works shall be so made or done, they, and all Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses altered, made new, or affected, shall remain subject to the Control and Jurisdiction of the said Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Dock called the Billingsgate Dock shall have been enlarged, widened, deepened, and improved, and the Landing Places, Landing Stairs, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences shall have been completed in manner herein-before provided, the Land or Ground which shall be laid into the said Dock shall form and thenceforth for ever thereafter be Part of the same Dock; and the said Dock so enlarged, widened, and improved shall continue and remain a public Dock, and the Public shall thenceforth have the same Enjoyment thereof, and of the said Landing Places, Landing Stairs, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences, and have and be subject to the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges and Restrictions, Dues and Payments, in using the same, as they have heretofore had or enjoyed or been subject to, or now have or ei\joy or are subject to, iu using the said Dock in its present State; and the said Dock so enlarged, widened, and improved, with the Landing Places, Landing Stairs, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences, shall be repaired and kept in repair in the same Manner as the said Dock as now used is repaired and kept in repair.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Street known as Billingsgate Street shall have been widened and improved in manner herein-before provided, the Land or Ground which shall be laid into the said Street shall form and thenceforth for ever thereafter be Part of the same Street; and the said Street so widened and improved shall continue and remain a public Highway to all Intents and Purposes; and when the said Footpaths or Footways herein-before provided to be formed and made shall have been formed and made, the said

183

18501 Greenwich Hospital Improvement Cap. 24.

said Footpaths or Footways shall be and thenceforth for#ever thereafter continue and remain public Paths or Ways; and the Mid Street and Footpaths or Footways shall be and be subject to the like Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Liberties, Privileges, Matters, and Things, both parliamentary and parochial, to which any other of the existing Highways within the Parish of Greenwich aforesaid, not being Turnpike Roads, are now subject.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Ship Dock, Ship aid Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to take possession of Stair* *nd

the said Dock or Landing Place known as the Ship Dock and not Skip Stairs, or so much thereof as is now public Property, or to ped up tin bu-stop up the said Lane or Road called Fisher Lane, until after D0 *

the said Commissioners shall have caused the said Dock known ^jdenedand as the Billingsgate Dock to be enlarged, widened, deepened, and Footpaths improved, and the said Street called Billingsgate Street to be formed. widened and improved, and the said Footpaths or Footways' to be formed and made, in manner herein-before provided.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, Ihat nothing in spring Rights this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Liber- don.

ties. Privileges, or Franchises of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which at the Time of passing this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being as Conservator of the River Thames, or otherwise, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

A House and Premises at the Corner of Church Street and Billingsgate Street. John Francis Martin ... James Stewart Gardiner.

A House and Premises on the West Side of Church Street. Ditto Jane Blackmore.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto . Stephen Norrie.

Another ditto, ditto Alexander Galloway ... John Beere.

Another ditto, ditto A. Sirdefield Thomas Bell William Thomas.

Another ditto, ditto Joshua Hargrave - Ditto - - Thomas BelL

Greenwich Hospital Improvement 13 & 14 VICT,

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

A House and Premises, known as the " Ship and Sailor" Public House, on the West Side of Church Street George Martin Bird Samuel Pratt, Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of Robert Pratt, deceased. Edward Thomas Phillips.

A House and Premises on the West Side of Church Street Charles King Davis, Parker, and Thomas Tyler.

A House and Premises on the East Side of Billingsgate Street George Martin Bird Samuel Pratt, Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of Robert Pratt, deceased. Edward Thomas Phillips, Mary O'Niel, Charles Murry, James Steward, and William Pilgrim.

Another ditto, ditto Alfred Rhodes Bristow. - Thomas Newland.

A House and Premises in a Court by the Side of the last-mentioned Premises. Ditto Joseph Young.

Another House and Premises in a Court adjoining the last-mentioned Premises. George Martin Bird Samuel Pratt, Administrator of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of Robert Pratt, deceased. Edward Thomas Phillips and Thomas Tyler.

A Yard, Court, or Passage, used in common by the Tenants of the Three former Tenements. George Martin Bird and AlfredRhodes Bristow. Thomas Tyler, Thomas N ewland, Joseph Y oung, and Edward Thomas Phillips.

A House and Premises on the East Side of Billingsgate Street John Ray ley Richard Jones.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Mary Ann Welsh.

Another ditto, ditto Benjamin Lance - - Unoccupied.

Part of a Court or Passage, called Dark Entry, leading from the West Side of Church Street to the East Side of Billingsgate Street The Surveyor of Highways of the Parish of Greenwich, John Ray-ley, Benjamin Lance, William Garrett, William Stevens, and Robert Wood, Executors under the Will of John Field, deceased, Isaac Walker, Edwin Walker, and Joseph Funge, or some or one of them.

A House and Premises situate on the South Side of the Court or Passage called Dark Entry. John Ray ley Unoccupied.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

A Houses and Premises, known as the Sugar Loaf Public House, situate on the East Side of Billingsgate Street William Garrett, William Stevens, and RobertWood, Executors under the Will of John Field, deceased, as to Three Sixths, Isaac Walker and Edwin Walker as to Two Sixths, and Joseph Funge as to One Sixth. Catherine Jane Stock-well.

A House and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Premises. JamesRichardW atts - Catherine Jane Stock-well and William Bishop.

A Shed or Warehouse on the South Side of a certain Passage or Way leading to a Yard called Field's Yard, situate on the East Side of Billingsgate Street William Garrett, William Stevens, and RobertWood, Executors under the Will of John Field, deceased. Unoccupied.

A Yard situate on the East Side of Billingsgate Street and forming Part of Field's Yard. Sabrina Susannah Parker and Charles Rowland Frede-rickParker, Trustees under the Will of Charles Rowland Parker, deceased. William Garrett, William Stevens, and RobertW ood. Executors under the Will of John Field, deceased. John Jones.

A House and Premises situate on the East Side of a Court or Passage called Coomes Court, leading from the South Side of Brewhouse Lane to the North-east Side Ditto Sarah Stockwell - William Penfold.

of Billingsgate Street

A House and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Premises. Francis Stevens - " " Richard Hayes.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Thomas Short

A Privy and Wash-house adjoining the last-mentioned Premises, and used in common by the Occupiers of the Two last-mentioned Premises. Ditto Richard Hayes and Thomas Short

A House and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Premises. Ditto - John Slaughter.

Another - ditto - ditto, situate on the West Side of the said Court or Passage called Coomes Court. William Nome Henry Page and Joseph Rand.

Description of Property.

A House and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Premises.

A House and Premises, situate in Maiden liow, on the North-east Side of Billingsgate Street.

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

A House and Premises situate on the East Side of Billingsgate Dock.

Another House and Premises situate in the Hear of the last-mentioned Premises.

A House, Passage, and Premises on the East Side of Billingsgate Dock.

A Piece or Parcel of Ground adjoining the last-mentioned Premises.

A House and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

A Warehouse and Premises adjoining the last-mentioned Premises.

A House and Premises situate on the South Side of Brewhouse Lane.

A House and Premises situate in a Court at the Rear of the above-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground.

A Court or Passage with Well, situate in the Rear of Houses in Maiden Row, and used in common by all the Tenants of the said William Nome.

A House and Premises situate on the North Side of Brewhouse Lane.

Another ditto - ditto adjoining the last-mentioned Premises.

Owners or reputed Owners.

William Norrie Sarah Shepherd

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -William Norrie

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Thomas Smith

William Robert Huntley.

William Norrie

Ditto

Benjamin Smith, Thomas Calvert Morton, and William Chaplin.

Ditto

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Henry Page, ---- Wool£

---- Stapleton, and

---- Glover.

Edward Lewer.

Sarah Dale.

Ellen Rowland.

James Taylor.

Francis Winter.

---- Davis, -- Duncan, and ---- Cooper.

---- Savage.

Unoccupied.

Ditto.

---- Ellis, — Turner,

---- Clarke, and -

Perry.

Thomas Smith.

Samuel Law. — Robinson.

Henry Page. Joseph

Raud, ---- Woolf, -

Stapleton, ---- G lover,

---- Davis, ---- Duncan, - Cooper, -

Savage, ---- Ellis,

---- Turner, -

Clarke, ---- Perry, and

---- Robinson.

Unoccupied.

Ditto *

Cap. 24.

187

Description of Property, j Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Part of a certain Way, Court, or Passage called Brewhouse Lane. Part of a certain other Way, Court, or Passage called Coomes Court. The Surveyor of Highways of the Parish of Greenwich. Ditto -

A covered Way, Court, or Passage situate on the East Side of Billingsgate Dock, and extending from the South Side of Brewhouse Lane to the North-east Side of Billingsgate Street The Surveyor of Highways of the Parish of Greenwich.

A Piece or Parcel of Ground. William Nome - . - Unoccupied.

Outhouses and Privies used in eommon by the Occupiers of all the Premises belonging to the said William Nome. Ditto Henry Page, Joseph Rand, W oolf, Stapleton, Glover, Davis, — . Duncan, Cooper, Savage, Ellis, Turner, Clarke, Perry, and Robinson.

A Draw-dock or Landing-place known as Billings-. gate Dock, situate on the North Side of Billingsgate Street. A Warehouse or Shed situate on the North Side of Billingsgate Street The Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Ad- j miral, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, ForestflyLand Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citixens of the City of London, the Surveyor of Highways of the Parish of Greenwich, and the Trustees of Morden College, or some or one of them. The Trustees of Morden College. Robert Walter - Robert Walter.

Another ditto, ditto Another ditto, ditto - j 1 Ditto - -Sir Richard Hughes, Baronet Ditto Edward Htneage Coitman, Ditto. Charles Francis the elder, Charles Francis the younger, Alfred Francis, and Arthur Francis.

Another ditto, ditto Another ditto, ditto Ditto - - i Ditto - Ditto Ditto - Ditto. Ditto.

Greenwich Hospital Improvem. 13 & 14 VICT.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

A House and Premises known as the " Ship Torbay" Public House, situate on the East Side of King William Street The Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital. George Matthew Hoare, Frederick Woodbridge, and Henry James Hoare, and Eliza-bethGodsell, Executrix of the Will of Thomas God-sell, deceased. Elizabeth GodselL

A Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, forming Part of the Greenwich Pier. The Greenwich Pier Company. The Greenwich Pier Company.

A Draw-dock or Landing-gace known as the Ship The Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Commissioners of Her Maj esty's W oods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, and the

ways 7of the Parish of Greenwich, or some or one of them.

A public Ferry, Landing-place, and Stairs, known as the Ship Stairs. The L01& Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's oods, Fore8ts, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, the Master, Warden, and Commonalty of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, and the Surveyor of Highways of the Parish of Greenwich, or some or one of them.

Description of Property.

A Road or Highway extending from the East Side <5 King William Street to the West Side of the Western Boundary of Greenwich Hospital, formerly Part of

A House and Premises situate on the West Side of a Street or Way called High Bridge.

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

A House situate in a Court behind the last-mentioned House.

Outbuildings, Yard, and Passage used in common by the Tenants of the Two last-mentioned Houses.

A House and Premises situate on the West Side of High Bridge.

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

Another ditto, ditto

A House and Premises situate in a Court behind the Three last-mentioned Tenements. Another ditto, ditto Another ditto, ditto

Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

The Surveyor of

Highways of the Parish of Greenwich.

Thomas Heriot - — Robert Stroud, Jane King, and Mary Good-enough.

Ditto - Daniel Grantham and Atkins.

Sarah Shepherd - William Garrett, Ann Middleton, Phoebe Scott, John Young, John Tolson, Peter Peters, and Mary Slater.

Ditto - m Richard Pinkham and John Dockerty.

Sarah Shepherd - m William Garrett, Ann Middleton, Phoebe Scott, John Young, John Tolson, Peter Peters, Mary Slater, Richard Pinkham, and John Dockerty.

Jeremiah Bell, Joseph Allen, Mary AnnGraham, and George Graham, Bridget Small, Mary Langsdown, Mary Chapman, Jesse Moon, and John Twycross.

Executors under the Will of George Graham, deceasecL

Ditto m m mm Phoebe Pepper, Edward Shadbolt, James Simons, Ann Wonnhold, and Elisabeth Smith.

John Tanxia Savary George Law Smith, Bruin, Mahoney, Bickley, Henry, *rd Harper.

Ditto - - Ditto Mackbean, Burns, Sullivan, Berry, Wright, Mercer, and Ryley.

Ann Irwin Susan Blake, Elisabeth Wheeler, and Maria Hart.

John Tauxia Savary George Law Robson.

Ditto - - Ditto - Pickett *

Ditto - Ditto - Calney.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

A Shed adjoining the last-mentioned House and Premises. John Tatum Savory George law

Another House situate in the last-mentioned Court Ditto Ditto

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Ditto

Another ditto, ditto Ditto Ditto -

Outbuildings, Yard, and Passage used in common by all the Tenants of the said George Law. Ditto - Ditto

A House and Premises on the West Side of High Bridge. Ann Irwin -

A House and Premises on the West Side of High Bridge. Lawrence Levy -

Another ditto, ditto Jeremiah Bell, Joseph Allen, Mary Ann Graham, and George Graham, Executors imder the WiB of George Graham, deceased.

Another dkto, ditto Ditto

Another ditto, ditto Ditto -

Outbuildings, Yard, and Passage used in common by the Tenants of the Three preening Houses. Ditto

A House and Premises on the West Side of High Bridge. Benjamin Lance -

A Shed adjoining thelaat-mentioned Premises. Ditto ' *

Occupiers.

George Law.

Ryley.

..... Maearty.

---- Boxer.

---- Smith, ---- Bruin,

---- Mahoney, -

Bickley, ---- Heary,

* — — Harper, -

Mack bean, ---- Borns,

---- Sullivan, — Berry,

---- Wright, -

Mercer, ---- Ryley,

---- Robson, -

Pickett, ---- Calney,

George Law, -

By ley, ---- Macarty,

and ---- Boxer.

John Lee, Katherine

Turner, and -

Davis.

Unoccupied.

Henry Charles Austen, Mary Sawyer, and John George, Charles Crawford, Ann Wood, and Richard Fuller.

Joseph Parsons, James Murdock, William Newman, John Webb, A lexander Dry den, and John Prior.

William Whitaker, John Conway, Elizabeth Smith, MargaretClarke, and Thomas FitzGerald.

Henry Charles Aasten, Mary Sawyer, John George, Charles Crawford, Ann Wood, Richard Fuller, Joseph Parsons, James Murdock, William Newman, John Webb, Alexander Dryden, John Prior, William Whitaker, John Conway, Elizabeth Smith, Margaret Clarke, and Thomas Fitzgerald.

... — — Grover.

Ditto.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Another Shed on the West Thomas John Crow-

Side of High Bridge. A House at the Corner of der Armstrong.

William Emerson John Sanderson -

the West Side of High Sanderson.

Bridge and South Side

of Crane Street

A House on the South Side Ditto Ditto

of Crane Street

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Ditto -

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Ditto -

Another ditto, ditto Ditto Ditto

Another ditto, ditto Ditto Ditto

A House situate in a Court William Emerson John Sanderson -

behind the Four pre- Sanderson.

ceding Houses.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto Ditto

Another ditto, ditto Ditto Ditto -

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - Ditto -

Outbuildings, Yard, and Ditto Ditto

Passage used in common by the Tenants of the Nine preceding

Houses.

A Piece or Parcel of Ann Bean

Ground situate on the South Side of Crane Street

A House and Premises Mary Ann Smith - Mary Ann Gibbons

on the South Side of

Crane Street

Another ditto, ditto Christiana Pell Wink worth.

Occupier*.

Thomas John Crowder Armstrong.

Emma Blake, William Hall, and Robert Langley.

Susan Lunn and Mary Smart

Charlotte Thompson, Katherine Burton, Widow Pendle, William Wood, and Elisabeth Ward.

Benjamin Hawkins, Ann Davis, John Field, John Sutton, Archbald Bowen, Thomas Nightingale, and ---- New-

bury.

George Edwards, John Elderson, Elizabeth Austen, James Brown, and John Matson.

John Sanderson.

James Kilner.

John Gidney and John Waller.

George Seaton and John Sturgeon.

Edward Batchley and James Reed.

Susan Lunn, Mary Smart, Charlotte Thompson, Katherine Burton, Widow Pendel, William Wood, Elizabeth Ward, Benjamin Hawkins Ann Davis, John Field John Sutton, Archbald Bowen, Thomas Nightingale, ---- Newbury,

George Edwards, John Elderson, Elizabeth Austen, James Brown, John Matson, John Sanderson, James Kilner, John Gidney, John Waller, George Seaton, John Sturgeon, Ed ward Batchley, and James Reed.

Unoccupied.

— Mallett, — Thorne, Henry Beauff, Robert Jackson senior, and Robert Jackson junior. Christiana Pell Winkworth.

Cap. 24 — 26. Greenwich Hospital Improvement. 13 & 14 VICT.

192

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

A House situate in a Court behind the last-mentioned Premises. Christiana Wink worth. Pell - John Boy.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto . ... Green.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - William Beal.

Another ditto, ditto Ditto - - Mary Hart and Helen Smith.

Outbuildings, Yard, and Passage used in common try the Tenants of the Fire preceding Houses. Ditto Christiana Pell Wink- worth, John Boy, Green, William Beal, Mary Hart, and Helen Smith.

A Pieoe or Parcel of Ground situate on the South Side of Crane Street Ann Phillips Ann Phillips.

Queen's Counsel, and Barristers haring Patents of Precedence, although not of the Degree of the Coif, may act as Judges of Assize,

6 G. 4. c. 49.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable Queen's Counsel and others, not being of the Degree of the Coif, to act as Judges of Assize.

[25th June 1850.]

TJ E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person being One of Her Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law, or being a Barrister at Law having a Patent of Precedence, may be named in any Commission for the Despatch of Civil or Criminal Business at any County or Place or upon any Circuit in England and Wales, or either of them, although such Person be not of the Degree of the Coif; and any such Person shall and may, under any Commission in which he shall be so named, be and act as a Judge or Commissioner of Assize, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if, at the Time of the issuing of such Commission, and since, he had been of the Degree of the Coif; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[25th June 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, inti- tilled An Act for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of

Piratical

185a

193

Pirates {Head Money) Repeal

Cap. 26.

Piratical Ships and Vessels: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that other Provisions be made in lieu thereof:1 Be it therefore enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June next after the passing of this Act the herein-before recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, but nevertheless not so as to affect or prejudice the Application for or the Payment of Bounty under the said Act, or any of the Provisions relating thereto, for any Service rendered against Pirates on or before the said First Day of June.

II. And be it enacted, That whenever any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels, or any of the Ships or 'Vessels of War of the East India Company, or their Boats, or any of the Officers and Crews thereof, shall, after the said First Day of June, attack or be engaged with any Persons alleged to be Pirates afloat or ashore, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Admiralty of England, and for all Courts of Vice Admiralty in any Dominions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, including those Courts of Vice Admiralty within the Territories under the Government of the East India Company, to take cognizance of and to determine whether the Persons or any of them so attacked or engaged were Pirates, and to adjudge what was the total Number of Pirates so engaged or attacked, specifying the Number of Pirates captured, and what were the Vessels and Boats engaged *

HL And be it enacted, That with a view to the Assignment of fitting Rewards for Services performed by Her Majesty's Forces against Pirates the Registrars of the several Vice Admiralty Courts shall, on the First Day of January and First Day of July in every Year, transmit to the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty a List or Return of all Cases which shall have been adjudged in the said Courts respectively under this Act during the Six Months preceding, together with the Dates of the Seizure, according to the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed; and that the Judges or Registrars of the said Courts respectively shall, upon the first convenient Opportunity after every such Decision, transmit the whole of the original Evidence, with a Statement of the Proceedings, to the said Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the Purpose of the same being deposited in the High Court of Admiralty of England for Reference when necessary; and all Agents of Officers and Men receiving any Rewards herein-before referred to shall be subject to the same Laws, Rules, and Regulations to which Agents receiving Bounty for the Abolition of the Slave Trade are or may be subject.

IV. And be it enacted, That, with a view to the Assignment of fitting Rewards by the Court of Directors of the East India Company for Services performed by the Ships or Vessels of the said Company against Prates, in all Cases wherein any

Recited Act repealed.

Jurisdiction given to the High Court of Admiralty and all Vice Admiralty Courts.

list or Return of all Cases to be sent to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

Rewards for Services against Pirates by Vessels in the East India Company V Service.

Propertr of Her Majesty's Subjects found in possession of Pirates to be restored on Payment of One Eighth of Value.

Persons giving false Evidence deemed guilty of Perjury.

Cap. 26. Pirates {Head Money) Repeal. 13 & 14 Vict.

Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the said Company shall be engaged in any Operations against Pirates, the Registrar of the said Vice Admiralty Courts shall, on the Days aforesaid, transmit to the said Court of Directors a similar List or Return of all such Cases which shall have been adjudicated in the said Courts respectively under this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Boats, Goods, Merchandize, Specie, or other Property taken possession of from Pirates by any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels, or the Ships or Vessels of War of the East India Company, or their Boats, or any of the Officers and Crews thereof, shall and may be proceeded against in any of the Admiralty Courts before mentioned, and be subject and liable to Condemnation as Droits and Perquisites of Her Majesty in Her Office of Admiralty: Provided always, that if any Part of the said Property shall be duly proved to have belonged to and to have been taken from any of Her Majesty's Subjects, or from the Subjects of any Foreign Power, then such Property and every Part thereof shall, by the Decree of the said Court, be adjudged to be restored, and shall be accordingly restored to the former Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, he or they paying for or in lieu of Salvage a Sum of Money equal to One Eighth Part of the true Value, which Money, if such Property shall have been taken by any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War or hired armed Ships, or their Boats, shall be paid to and divided and distributed amongst the Officers and Crews thereof, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion, as other Bounties are now distributable by virtue of Her Majesty's Proclamation or Order in Council dated the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, or as Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time by any further Proclamation or Order or Orders in Council think fit to declare and direct; and which Money, if such Property shall have been taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War of the East India Company, or their Boats, shall be paid to and divided and distributed amongst the Officers and Crews thereof, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as the Court of Directors of the East India Company shall at any Time or from Time to Time direct; but if such Property shall have been a joint Capture by any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, or their Boats, and any of the Ships or Vessels of War of the said Company, or their Boats, then such Money in lieu of Salvage shall be divided and distributed amongst the joint Captors in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, shall at any Time or Times order and direct.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination or Deposition had or Affidavit taken in any Proceeding under this Act shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted

shall

195

850. Pirates (Head Money) Repeal Cap. 26, 27.

shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, Pains, and Penalties to 'which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Perjury either in the Place where the Offence was committed or in any Colony or Settlement of Her Majesty near thereto in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdiction to try any such Offence, or in Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in Her Majesty's said Court of Queen's Bench the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlesex.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, upended, &c.

SCHEDULE (A.) referred to by this Act.

Dale of Attack or Destruction. Property seized, if any. Names of attacking Ships. Date of Sentence. Decretal Part of Sentence. Whether any Property has been condemned, and sold or converted, and whether any Part remains unsold, and in whose Hands the Proceeds remain.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to provide for the Commencement of an Act of the present Session, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth^ for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof [15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act has been passed in the present Session

of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the is am vict Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the c. 26. Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof: And whereas by the said Act so passed as aforesaid it was amongst other things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June next after the passing of such Act the said Act of the Sixth Year of

N 3 King

196

1st June 1850 to be substituted in recited Act for 1st

Cap. 27. Pirates (Head Money) Repeal Act Commencement

King George the Fourth should be repealed, but nevertheless ' not so as to affect or prejudice the Application for or the

Payment of Bounty under the said Act, or any of the Provisions relating thereto, for any Service rendered against

Pirates on or before the said First Day of June; and by the said Act so passed as aforesaid it was also enacted, that when-(ever any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels, or any of the Ships or Vessels of War of the c East India Company, or their Boats, or any of the Officers or ' Crews thereof, should after the said First Day of June attack

or be engaged with any Persons alleged to be Pirates, afloat

or ashore, it should be lawful for the High Court of Admi-c ralty, and for the Courts of Vice Admiralty therein men-i tioned, to take cognizance of and to determine the Matters c in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Bill which ' became the said Act so passed as aforesaid was originally

introduced in the House of Commons, and having passed ' that House was amended by the Lords, and was returned to

the Commons for their Agreement to the Amendments: And whereas the Commons agreed to some of the said Amendments, but disagreed to One of the said Amendments and amended another thereof, and communicated their Amendment and Disagreement and the Reason for such Disagreement to the Lords at a Conference on the Twenty-eighth ' Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas the Lords did not take the said Reason and Amend-

ments into consideration until the Twenty-first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty, when they finally

agreed to the said Amendment of the Commons, and resolved ' not to insist upon the Amendment to which the Commons had disagreed; and accordingly the said Act received the Royal

Assent on the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas by reason of the said Act ' not having received the Royal Assent until the said Twenty- fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the ' herein-before recited Enactments will not take effect until the 6 First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one: 6 And whereas such Postponement of the Operation of the said ' Enactments was not within the Contemplation of either House of Parliament when they respectively passed the said Act, but ' has arisen accidentally from the Delay occasioned by the Pro-

ceedings herein-before mentioned; and it is expedient that ' the said Enactments should be made to take effect as if the c First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty had been therein mentioned instead of the First Day of June next

after the passing of the said recited Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament shall take effect as if the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty had been therein

mentioned

197

Pirates (Head Money) Repeal Act Commencement Cap. 27, 28.

mentioned and referred to instead of the First Day of June next after the passing of such Act.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed or amended in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies ' associated together for the Purposes of maintaining Religious ' Worship or promoting Education in England, Wales, or Ireland may hold the Property required for such Purposes:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Iby the Authority of the same, That wherever Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Property in England or Wales has been or hereafter shall be acquired by any Congregation or Society or Body of Persons associated for Religious Purposes or for the Promotion of Education, as a Chapel, Meeting House, or other Place of Religious Worship, or as a Dwelling House for the Minister of such Congregation, with Offices* Garden, and Glebe, or Land in the Nature of Glebe, for his Use, or as a Schoolhouse, with Schoolmaster's House, Garden, and Playground, or as a College, Academy, or Seminary, with or without Grounds for Air, Exercise, or Recreation, or as a Hall or Rooms for the Meeting or Transaction of the Business of such Congregation or Society or Body of Persons, and wherever the Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance of such Property has been or may be taken to or in favour of a Trustee or Trustees to be from Time to Time appointed, or of any Party or Parties named in such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or subject to any Trust for the Congregation or Society or Body of Persons, or of the Individuals composing the same, such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance shall not only vest the Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Property thereby conveyed or otherwise asnired in the Party or Parties named therein, but shall also effectually vest such Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Property in their Successors in Office for the Time being and the old continuing Trustees, if any, jointly, or if there be no old continuing Trustees, then in such Successors for the Time being wholly, chosen and appointed in the Manner provided or referred to in or by such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or in any separate Deed or Instrument declaring the Thttt thereof, or if no Mode of Appointment be therein set forth, prescribed, or referred to, or if the Power of Appointment be lapsed, then in such Manner as shall be agreed upon by such

June next after the passing of such Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Property conveyed for Religious or Edu cational Purposes to vest in Successors without Conveyance.

198

Cap. 28. Titles of Religious Congregations. 13 & 14 VICT.

Congregation or Society or Body of Persons, upon such and the like Trusts, and with, under, and subject to the same Powers and Provisions, as are contained or referred to in such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or in any such separate Deed or Instrument, or upon which such Property is held, and that without any Transfer, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Assurance whatsoever, anything in such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Assurance, or in any such separate Deed or Instrument, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case of any Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees of or the Conveyance of the legal Estate in any such Property being made as heretofore was by Law required, the same shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

Providing for

II. And be it enacted, That where such Property shall be oP; yFrronheU C°Pybold or Customary Tenure, and liable to the Payment Death or Alien- of any Fine, with or without a Heriot, on the Death or Alienation of Pro- ation of the Tenant or Tenants thereof, it shall be lawful for VdloxCu*- ^ord or Lady of the Manor of which such Property shall tomary Tenure, he holden, on the next Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees thereof, and at the Expiration of every Period of Forty Years thereafter, so long as such Property shall belong to or be held in trust for such Congregation or Society or Body of Persons or other Party or Parties to whom such Property may have been or shall be conveyed for their Benefit, to receive and take a Sum corresponding to the Fine and Heriot, if any, which would have been payable by Law upon the Death or Alienation of the Tenant or Tenants thereof; and such Payments shall be in full of all Fines payable to the Lord or Lady of the Manor of which such Property is holden, while the same shall remain the Property or be held in trust for such Congregation or Society or Body of Persons; and the Lord or Lady of such Manor shall have all such Powers for the Recovery of such Sums as such Lord or Lady could have had in the event of the Tenant or Tenants of such Property having died or having alienated the same.

Appointment

III. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of preserving to be'madeT63 Evidence every such Choice and Appointment of a new pear by*^)eed!" Trustee or new Trustees, and of the Person and Persons in whom such Charitable Estates and Property shall so from Time to Time become legally vested, every such Choice and Appointment of a new Trustee or new Trustees shall be made to appear by some Deed under the Hand and Seal of the Chairman for the Time being of the Meeting at which such Choice and Appointment shall be made, and shall be executed in the Presence of such Meeting, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, which Deed may be in the Form or to the like Effect of the Schedule to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as Circumstances will allow, and may be given and shall be received as Evidence in all Courts and Proceedings in the same Manner and on the like Proof as Deeds under Seal, and shall be Evidence of the Truth of the several Matters and Things therein contained.

1850. Titles of Religious Congregations. Cap. 28. 1M

IV. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of this Act shall Act extended extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act mey be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Par- amen<iwl» liament, except so far as the contrary shall be made to appear.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Memorandum of the Choice and Appointment of new Trustees of the {describe the Chapel, School, or other Buildings and Property] situate in the Parish [or Township]

of in the County [Riding, Division, City,

or Place] of at a Meeting duly convened

and held for that Purpose [in the Vestry of the said Chapel] on the [25th] Day of [April 1850], A.B. of

Chairman.

Names and Descriptions of all the Trustees on the Constitution or last Appointment of Trustees made the Day of

Adam Bell of Charles Dixon of Edward Foster of George Hurst of John Jackson of Kenneth Lucas of Matthcxo Norman of Octavius Parker of

Names and Descriptions of all the Trustees in whom the said [Chapel] and Premises now becomes legally vested.

First. — Old continuing Trustees: —

John Jackson, now of Matthew Norman, now of Octavius Parker, now of Second. — New Trustees now chosen and appointed: — Benjamin Adams of Charles Bell of Jonathan Edmonds of Richard Baxter of John Home of

Dated this Day of

William Hicks, (l.8.)

Chairman of the said Meeting.

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the said William Hicks, as Chairman of the said Meeting, at and in the Presence of the said Meeting, on the Day and Year aforesaid, in the Presence of

CD.

E.F.

[The Blanks and Parts in Italics to be filled up as the Case

may be.]

200

Cap. 29.

Judgments (Ireland).

13 & 14 VICT.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the 4 ' ' Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, & 6 W.4. c. 55. intituled An Act for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs in Ireland, and the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Fees, Forfeitures, Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and to amend the Laws relating to Grants in custodiam and Recovery of Debts in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty,

for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for any Person entitled to sue out or who had already sued out a Writ of Elegit upon any Judgment recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, or to issue or who had issued Execution in any Suit or Proceeding on any Recognizance there, to apply by Petition to the Court of Chancery, or to the Court of Exchequer at the Equity Side thereof, for an Order that a Receiver might be appointed of the Rents and Profits of the entire, and not of a Moiety only, of all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which he would be entitled to have extended or appraised under a 4 Writ of Elegit, or extended, seized, or taken under a Writ of Levari facias, or other Proceeding on such Recognizance, or to have a Receiver thereof appointed by that Court extended to that Matter, and it should be lawful for the Court to appoint or extend a Receiver accordingly over the whole thereof, or over so much thereof as should appear to it sufficient for the Purposes of paying the Sum due on such Judgment or Recognizance: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases, for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors, and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice, in Ireland, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Sheriff' or other Officer to whom any Writ of Elegit, or any Precept in pursuance thereof, should be directed at the Suit of any Person, upon any Judgment which at the Time appointed for the Commencement of that Act should have been recovered or should be thereafter recovered in any Action in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, to make and deliver Execution unto the Party in that Behalf suing of all such Lands, Tenements, 4 Rectories, Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, including Lands and Hereditaments which might be of Copyhold Tenure, as the Person against whom Execution was so sued, or any Person in

trust

S& 4 Vict c. 105.

1850.

Judgments (Ireland).

Cap. 89.

801

trust for him, should have been seised or possessed of at the

lime of entering up the said Judgment or at any Time afterwards, or over which such Person should at the Time of entering up such Judgment or at any Time afterwards have any disposing Power which he might without the Assent of any other Person exercise for his own Benefit, in like Manner as the Sheriff or other Officer might then make and deliver Execution of One Moiety of the Lands and Tenements of any Person against whom a Writ of Elegit was sued out'; and it was enacted, that it should be lawful for any Person entitled to sue out or who had already sued out a Writ of Elegit upon any Judgment recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts

at Dublin, or to issue or who had issued Execution in any Suit or Proceeding on any Recognizance there, to apply by Petition to the Court of Chancery, or to the Court of Exchequer at the Equity Side thereof, for an Order that a

Receiver might be appointed over any Lands, Tenements, 4 Rectories, Tithes, Annuities, Rents, or Hereditaments by that Act made liable to be seized, extended, appraised, or

taken in Execution on any such Judgment, or to order that any Receiver appointed before the passing of that Act over

the Property of any Judgment Debtor might be extended to i the Matter of such new Petition, and that in proceeding under the said Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth and the Act now in recital thq said Court of Chancery and Court of Exchequer at the Equity Side thereof should i have Power to appoint or extend a Receiver in a summary

Way, on a Petition at the Instance of such Person, over any Property of such Judgment Debtor which such Creditor

would or could make available for the Payment of his Judgment Debt by filing (after a Writ of Execution had been issued and returned at Law upon such Judgment) a Bill in 4 a Court of Equity, or by any Writ of Execution at Law, 4 or (subject to the Proviso therein-after contained) by Petition under the Provisions of the Act now in recital, and it should be lawful for the said Courts respectively to appoint or extend a Receiver accordingly over the whole thereof, or over so much thereof as should appear to be sufficient for the Purposes of paying the Sum due on such Judgment or Recognizance; and it was enacted, that a Judgment already entered up or to be thereafter entered up against any Person in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin should operate as 4 a Charge upon all Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Advowsons, 4 Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, including Lands and Hereditaments of Copyhold Tenure, of or to which such Person should at the Time of entering up such Judgment or at any Time afterwards be seised, possessed, or entitled for any Estate or Interest whatever, at Law or in Equity, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or over which such Person should at the Time of entering up such Judgment or at any Time afterwards have any disposing Power which he might without the Assent of any other Person

13 & 14 Vict.

7 & 8 Vict. c.OQ.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 120.

12& IS Vict. c. 95.

Recited Provisions not to extend to Judgments, Decrees, &c. entered or made after passing of this Act.

Existing Judgments, &c. not to affect Land purchased after

Cap. 29. Judgments (Ireland).

Person exercise for his own Benefit, and should be binding as against, the Person against whom Judgment should be so entered up, and against all Persons claiming under him after such Judgment, and should also be binding as against the Issue of his Body, and all other Persons whom he might without the Assent of any other Person cut off and debar from any Remainder, Reversion, or other Interest in or out of any of the said Lands, Tenements, Rectories, Advowsons,

Tithes, Rents, and Hereditaments, and that every Judgment Creditor should have such and the same Remedies in a Court of Equity against the Hereditaments so charged by virtue of that Act or any Part thereof as he would be entitled to in case the Person against whom such Judgment should have been so entered up had Power to charge the same Hereditaments, and had by Writing under his Hand agreed to charge the same, with the Amount of such Judgment Debt and Laterest thereon, subject to the Provisoes in such Act contained; and by the lastly recited Act the Effect of Judgments in the Superior Courts of Common Law was given to certain Decrees, Orders, and Rules for Payment of Monies, Costs,

Charges, and Expenses: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy, and for providing One Office for the registering of all Judgments in Ireland, and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions; and an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, 44 to amend the Law concerning Judgments in Ireland And whereas it is expedient further to amend such Law:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions herein-before recited of the said Acts of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth and the Fourth Year of Her Majesty shall not in anywise extend or be applicable to any Judgment entered up in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, or obtained in any Inferior Court of Record, after the passing of this Act, nor to any Decree, Order, or Rule made after the passing of this Act, and no Writ of Elegit or Writ of Execution (save as herein-after mentioned) shall issue or be sued ujion any such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule against any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest therein, nor shall any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest therein, be charged or affected by any such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule, save as provided by this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That where any legal or equitable Estate or Interest or any disposing Power in or over any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall, under any Conveyance,

Judgments (Ireland),

Cap. 29.

20a

veyance, Lease, Deed, or Instrument executed after *the passing pawing of thb of this Act, become vested in any Person as a Purchaser for AeL valuable Consideration, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall not be taken in Execution under any Writ of Elegit or other Writ of Execution (save as herein-after mentioned) to be sued upon any Judgment which before the passing of this Act has been entered up in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, or obtained in any Inferior Court of Record, against such Person, or any Decree, Order, or Rule which has been made before the passing of this Act for Payment by such Person of any Sum of Money, Costs, Charges, or Expenses, and no Receiver shall be appointed over such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of any Money due upon such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule, nor shall such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule operate as a Charge upon or in anywise charge or affect such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, save as provided by this Act: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not take away or affect any Rights or Remedies which might have been had against or in relation to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, if this Act had not been passed, in respect of any Estate, Interest,

Right, Title, or Power, in, to, or over the same, which may have been in such Person before the passing of this Act.

HL And be it enacted, That no Judgment re-docketed or Judgments, &c. entered after Revival under an Act of the Ninth Year of King already regis- George the Fourth, intituled An Act to protect Purchasers Jar vahtable Consideration in Ireland against Judgments not revived in Five Yeers or re-docketed within a limited Time, and not before the passing after passing of of this Act registered under the said Act of the Eighth Year this Act' of Her Majesty, and no Judgment of any Superior Court 9G«4*C*35, registered under such last-mentioned Act before the passing of this Act, and no Decree or Order in any Court of Equity,

Rule in any Court of Common Law, or Order in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, registered under the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty or the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, before the passing of this Act, and no Judgment,

Rule, or Order of any Inferior Court registered under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty before the passing of this Act, shall, after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act, affect Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ss to Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors, unless and until a like Memorandum or Minute os is required for a Registry thereof under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty be left with the Officer appointed under that Act within Five Years before the Execution of the Conveyance, Settlement,

Mortgage, Lease, or other Deed or Instrument vesting or transferring the legal or equitable Right to the Estate or Interest in or to any such Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, or, as to Creditors, within Five Years before the Right of such Creditor accrued: Provided always, that where Twenty Years from the Date of the Redocket or Entry under the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth of

e

Cap. 29.

Judgments (Ireland).

13 & 14 VICT.

any Judgment has expired, or will expire before the Expiration of Five Yeara from the passing of this Act, nothing in this Enactment contained shall be taken to dispense with the Registry under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty of such Judgment within such Twenty Years, or to give any greater Validity or Effect to such Judgment than the same would have had under the Provisions of the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty in case this Act had not been

All Judgments, &c. registered or re-registered after the passing of this Act to be re-registered every Five Years.

Lis pendens not to affect Purchasers, &c. unless registered within Five Years before Execution of Conveyance, &e.

Creditors under Judgments, Decrees, &c. entered up or made after passing of Act may file Affidavit of Ownership of Lands, and register same in Office for registering Deeds, and Creditors

IV. And be it enacted, That no Judgment of any Superior Court, Decree, or Order in any Court of Equity, Rule in any Court of Common Law, Order in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, or Judgment, Rule, or Order of any Inferior Court, which, after the passing of this Act, shall be registered or re-registered under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty or this Act, shall, after the Expiration of Five Years from the Date of such Registry or Re-registry thereof, affect Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as to Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors, unless and until a like Memorandum or Minute as was required in the first instance be again left with such Officer as aforesaid, .within Five Years before the Execution of the Conveyance, Settlement, Mortgage, Lease, or other Deed or Instrument vesting or transferring the legal or equitable Right to the Estate or Interest in or to any such Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, or, as to Creditors, within Five Years before the Right of such Creditor accrued, and so toties quoties at the Expiration of every succeeding Five Years.

V. And be it enacted, That no Lis pendens shall bind or affect a Purchaser or Mortgagee, without express Notice thereof, unless and until a like Memorandum or Minute as is required for a Registry thereof under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty be left with the Officer appointed under that Act, within Five Years before the Execution of the Conveyance, Settlement, Mortgage, Lease, or other Deed or Instrument vesting or transferring the legal or equitable Right to the Estate or Interest in or to such Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, save where such Lis pendens has been registered under the said Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty before the passing of this Act, and such Conveyance, Settlement, Mortgage, Lease, or other Deed or Instrument is executed within Five Years after the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That where any Judgment shall be entered up after the passing of this Act in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, or any Decree or Order in any Court of Equity, Rule in any Court of Common Law, or Order in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, to which the Effect of a Judgment in One of the Superior Courts of Common Law is given by the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty, shall be made after the passing of this Act, or any Judgment, Rule, or Order shall be obtained or made in or by any Inferior Court of Record after the passing of this Act, and shall, under

the

Judgments (Ireland).

Cap. 29.

206

the Provisions of the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her under Judg-

Majesty, be removed into One of Her Majesty's Superior

Courts of Record at Dublin, and the Creditor under any such or made before

Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule shall know or believe thftt paring of Act

the Person against whom such Judgment, Decree, Order, or

Rule is entered up, obtained, or made is seised or possessed at AffidaWt in

Law or in Equity of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respect of Land *

of any Nature or Tenure, or has any disposing Power over

any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which he may

without the Assent of any other Person exercise for his own

Benefit, and where any Judgment has been entered up before

the passing of this Act in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts

at Dublin, or any Decree or Order in any Court of Equity,

Rule in any Court of Common Law, or Order in Bankruptcy or Lunacy, to which the Effect of a Judgment in one of the Superior Courts of Common Law is given by the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty, has been made before the passing of this Act, or any Judgment, Rule, or Order has been obtained or made in or by any Inferior Court of Record before the passing of this Act, and has been or shall be, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty, removed into one of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Dublin, and the Creditor under any such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule shall know or believe that the Person against whom such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule is entered up, obtained, or made is seised or possessed as aforesaid of, or has such disposing Power as aforesaid over, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which by virtue of this Act are exempted from being taken in execution under any Writ of Execution to be issued upon such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule, it shall be lawful for such Creditor, at any Time and from Time to Time after the entering up or Removal of such Judgment in or into such Superior Court, or the making of such Decree, Order, or Rule, or the passing of this Act, whichever shall last happen, to make and file in the Superior Court in, by, or into which such Judgment,

Role, or Order is entered up, made, or removed, or in the Court of Equity by which such Decree or Order is made, or in the Case of such Older in Bankruptcy or Lunacy as aforesaid, in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, an Affidavit stating the Name or Title of the Cause or Matter, and the Court in which such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule has been entered up, obtained, or made, and the Date of such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule, and the Names, and the usual or last known Place of Abode, and the Title, Trade, or Profession of the Plaintiff (if there be such), and of the Defendant or Person whose Estate is intended to be affected by the Registration, as herein-after mentioned, of such Affidavit, and the Amount of the Debt, Damages, Costs, or Monies recovered or ordered to be paid by such Judgment,

Decree, Order, or Rule, and stating that, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of the Deponent, the Person against whom such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule is entered up, obtained, or made is at the Time of the swearing erf such Am-

206 Cap. 29. Judgments (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Registration of Affidavit to have the Effect of a Mortgage.

Voluntary Conveyances after Judgment entered up void aa against the Creditor *

10 Car. 1.(1.)

davit so seised or possessed, or has such disposing Power as aforesaid, of or over such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and such Affidavit shall specify the County and Barony, or the Town or County of a City, and Parish, or the Town and Parish, in which the Lands to which the Affidavit relates are situate, and where such Lands lie in Two or more Counties or Baronies, or Parishes or Streets, or partly in One Barony, Parish, or Street and partly in another, the same shall be distinctly stated in such Affidavit; and it shall be lawful for the Creditor making such Affidavit to register the same in the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland, by depositing in such Office an Office Copy of such Affidavit; and such Copy shall be numbered and transcribed, and shall be entered in the Books and Indexes kept in the said Office, in like Manner as if the same were a Memorial of a Deed; and for the Purpose of such Entries the Creditor under such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Buie shall be deemed the Grantee, and the Debtor thereunder shall be deemed the Grantor; and the Amount of the Debt, Damages, Costs, or Monies recovered or ordered to be paid thereby shall be deemed the Consideration; and the like Fee shall be paid on such Registration as in the Case of registering a Memorial of a Deed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Registration as aforesaid of such Affidavit shall operate to transfer to and vest in the Creditor registering such Affidavit all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned therein, for all the Estate and Interest of which the Debtor mentioned in such Affidavit shall at the Time of such Registration be seised or possessed at Law or in Equity, or might at such Time create by virtue of any disposing Power which he might then without the Assent of any other Person exercise for his own Benefit, but subject to Redemption on Payment of the Money owing on the Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule mentioned in such Affidavit; and such Creditor, and all Persons claiming through or under him, shall, in respect of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or such Estate or Interest therein as aforesaid, have all such Rights, Powers, and Remedies whatsoever as if an effectual Conveyance, Assignment, Appointment, or other Assurance to such Creditor of all such Estate or Interest, but subject to Redemption as aforesaid, had been made, executed, and registered at the Time of registering such Affidavit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where an Affidavit shall be registered as aforesaid, every such Conveyance and other Act whatsoever made or done after the Date of the Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule mentioned in such Affidavit, of and concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments mentioned in such Affidavit, as under an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Tenth Year of King Charles the First, intituled An Act against covenous and fraudulent Conveyances, would be deemed v6id against Purchasers for Money or other good Consideration, shall be void as against the Creditor registering such Affidavit, and the like Remedies may be had in respect of such

Lands,

1850.]udgments (Ireland). Cap. 29. 267

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as if such Conveyance or other Act had not been made or done: Provided always, N0t affMt that nothing herein contained shall in anywise affect the Pro- Provisions as visions of the same Act concerning Conveyances and other Acts fraudulent

had or made to the Intent to delay, hinder, or defraud Creditors. nve)ances-

IX. And be it enacted, That upon the Lodgment in the said Registrar of Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills of such ^d*ent°of Certificate of the Entry of Satisfaction upon the Roll of any Certificate of Judgment, or of such Certificate of any Decree, Rule, or Order Satisfaction of having been performed, complied with, or satisfied, as is men- ?>ud^ne &c* tioned in the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, the muradum*" Registrar of the said Office shall, where an Affidavit has been thereof upon registered under this Act in respect of such Judgment, Decree,

Rule, or Order, cause a Memorandum of Satisfaction thereof to be subscribed to the several Entries of such Affidavit in the Books kept at the said Office, specifying the Date at which Satisfaction of such Judgment appears by such Certificate to have been entered on Record, or, in the Case of any such Decree, Rule, or Order, specifying the Date of the Certificate; and upon every Certificate of Search made in the said Office subsequently to the Entry of such Memorandum as aforesaid whereon such Affidavit shall appear the Entry of such Memorandum shall be stated.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Chattel Act not to af-Interests in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as might have ^tw?xf*?t!011 been taken in Execution under any Writ of Fieri facias if the by len said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty had not been passed, may be taken in Execution and otherwise dealt with under any Writ of Fieri facias already issued or hereafter to be issued, anything in this Act contained notwithstanding.

XL. And be it enacted, That in the Administration in Courts Rights of Judg-of Equity of the Assets of any Person against whom any Judgment Creditor ment, Decree, Order, or Rule has been or shall be entered up, obtained, or made, either before or after the passing of this Act, preserved, who shall die seised of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Creditor under such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule shall have the same Rights upon and in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as if this Act had not been passed.

XII.' And whereas Doubts have arisen whether under the s & 4 Vict recited Provision of the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her c- 105, e^t*n'dto Majesty Judgments against Persons having Securities upon interests Land for Payment of Money may not operate as a Charge crested by Seupon such Land, or affect the Title thereto; and it is expe- ritie8 for dient that such Doubts should be removed:* Be it therefore oney' declared and enacted, That no Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule shall under the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty operate or be deemed to have operated as a Charge upon any Estate, Interest, or Title in or to Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments vested in or subject to the Power of Disposition of any Person against whom such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule is entered up, obtained, or made, where such Estate,

208 Cap. 29, 30. Judgments (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT-

Interest, or Title is so vested or subject to such Power as aforesaid, by way of Mortgage or otherwise, as a Security for the Payment of any Money, or consists of any Judgment or Lien or any Money thereby secured or recoverable, or any Sum or Sums of Money (except Kents and Rent-charges) charged upon or payable out of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments: Provided always, that this Section shall not in any Manner extend or apply to any Case in which the above Doubts, or any Question thereon, have or hath been already argued or raised in any Proceeding now depending in any Court of Equity in Ireland.

Act may be

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or amended, &c. repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

12 & 13 Vict c. 42.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to provide for the Appointment of Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS the Office of High Sheriff of Westmoreland, 4 by virtue of a certain Grant or Grants of His Majesty King John to Robert de Veteripont and his Heirs, and of divers Assignments or Conveyances thereof, descended and came to Henry Earl of Thanet now deceased, who in his Lifetime and at the Time of his Death was and exercised and enjoyed the said Office of Hereditary High Sheriff, descendible to him and his Heirs: And whereas the said Henry Earl of Thanet died on or about the Twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine without lawful Issue, having first made and published his Will, whereby (as it is alleged) he devised the said Office of Sheriff to Richard Tufton for Life, with divers Remainders over: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Office of Sheriff passed by the said Devise contained in the said Will, or whether it became on the Death of the said Henry Earl of Thanet vested in his Heir or Heiress at Law, or whether^it escheated to the Crown: And whereas it being impracticable to settle and ascertain such Doubts and Rights within the Time necessary for executing and performing the said Office of Sheriff within the said County, and it being necessary for the Administration of Justice within the said 1 County that a Sheriff for the said County should be appointed until such Doubts and Rights could be settled and ascertained, it was by a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Execution for One Year of the Office of Sheriff in the County of Westmoreland, enacted that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, from and after the passing of that Act, to nominate and appoint, in Manner and Form therein mentioned, such Person to be Sheriff for One Year of the County of Westmoreland as She should by the Advice of Her Council think fit: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Power given to Her Majesty by the said Act, Her Majesty, on the Eighteenth

Day

209

H)50. Sheriff of Westmoreland Appointment Cap. 30.

Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and i forty-nine, was graciously pleased, by the Advice of Her ' Council, to appoint George Edmund Wilson of Heversham ' House, Esquire, to be Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland:

And whereas grave Inconveniences have arisen in consequence of the said Office of Sheriff of Westmoreland having ' been so vested in the Heirs of the said Robert de Veteripont,

and also still further Inconveniences in consequence of the

conflicting Claims of different Persons to the said Office ' under or by virtue of the said Grant; and the like Incon-c veniences may again occur if the Right to hold, exercise, or ' enjoy the said Office should be continued as aforetime in any

of Her Majesty's Subjects; wherefore it is expedient that

Provision should be made for the discontinuing and abolishing

such Rights, and for vesting the Appointment of the Sheriff ' of the County of Westmoreland in Her Majesty, Her Heirs ' and Successors, in like Manner as is the Case in all other ' Counties of England and Wales Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Appointment by After the first Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, of any of Her Ma- Appointment jest/s Subjects, in manner herein-after mentioned, to be Sheriff

of the County of Westmoreland, all Right and Title in the said iTwwtmor^ Robert de Veteripont, his Heir or Heirs, or any Person or Per- land, all other sons claiming through or under any of them, or under any Devise, Conveyance, or Assurance made by them or any of ment to cease! them, or under or by virtue of any hereditary Claim or Title whatsoever to hold, exercise, and enjoy the Office of Sheriff of Westmoreland, shall for ever cease and determine.

n. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of After passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Queen's most Excellent Act* Hcr ^a' Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to appoint, in such Manner tTofficcTof Rt and Form as is provided by an Act passed in the Session of Sheriff. Parliament holden in the Third^and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for, amongst other things," facUi- 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 99. taring the Appointment of Sheriffs," such Person (being by Law competent to hold and exercise the Office of Sheriff) to be Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland as She shall, by the Advice of Her Privy Council, think fit, and hereafter from Time to Time as Occasion shall require to appoint in like Manner and Form any other Person (so being by Law competent as aforesaid) to be Sheriff of the said County of Westmoreland; and such Person so to be from Time to Time appointed shall hold, use, and execute the said Office of Sheriff within the said County of Westmoreland, and upon taking the Oath of Office by the said Act prescribed shall thenceforth have and exercise all the Powers, Privileges, and Authorities hitherto usually exercised and enjoyed by the Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland, or any other Sheriff now or heretofore ipftijinted under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act,

O 2' and

210

O. E. Wilson, Esq. to continue Sheriff of Westmoreland until another appointed.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

lO&H Vict. c. 11.

11 & IS Vict. c. 119.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 32.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 59.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 23.

Treasury may advance 2,000,0007. for Improvement of Landed Pro* perty in Great Britain, and 200,0007. for Ireland.

Cap. 30, 31. Sheriff of Westmoreland Appointment 13 & 14 VICT.

and shall be subject and liable to the same Duties and Liabilities as the Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland has hitherto been subject and liable to, and to all the Liabilities imposed upon Sheriffs in England and Wales by the said last-mentioned Act

IIL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said George Edward Wilson shall continue to hold, use, and execute the said Office of Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland until the Appointment by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of some other Person to be Sheriff of the said County under this Act

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act; was passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of

public Money to a limited Amount to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drainage,

and the said Act was explained and amended by another Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty; and an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, to simplify the Forms of Certificates under the said first-mentioned Act:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland; and the said Act was amended by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and an Act was passed in the same Session, 44 to authorize further Advances of Money for the Improvement of Landed Pro44 perty, and the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility, in Ireland And whereas it is expedient to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and advance or cause to be issued and advanced out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in addition to the Sums already authorized to be advanced for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two million Pounds, as may be required for the Purposes of Loans for the Improvement of Landed Property in Great Britain, and, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, as may be required for the Purposes of Loans for the

Improve-

211

1850. Drainage and Improvement of Land Advances. Cap. 31.

Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, or, if the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury so think fit, it shall be lawful for them to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sums of Two million Pounds for Great Britain, and Two hundred thousand Pounds for Ireland, as they shall think fit to direct for the Purposes aforesaid, but provided that the whole Amount of such Advances out of the Consolidated Fund and by Exchequer Bills shall not together exceed the said Sums of Two million Pounds for Great Britain and Two hundred thousand Pounds for Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the Money to be advanced under The Sums to be this Act for the Purposes of Loans for the Improvement of ^vanc^.for Landed Property in Great Britain shall be applied for the Pur- to^applied* poses and under the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act, to Loans under as amended by the said secondly and thirdly recited Acts and this Act, save so far as the same relate to Lands in Ireland, Acts amending and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things the same, contained in the said firstly, secondly, and thirdly recited Acts, and applicable to Loans out of the Money authorized to be advanced for Great Britain under the said firstly-recited Act, shall extend to the Loans to be made out of the Money authorized to be advanced under this Act for the Purposes of Loans for the Improvement of Landed Property in Great Britain.

HL And be it enacted, That the Money to be advanced The Money to under this Act for the Purposes of Loans for the Improvement ?dv?nce? for of Landed Property in Ireland shall be applied for the Purposes t*° and under the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year Loans under of Her Majesty " to facilitate the Improvement of Landed lo&n Vict. u Property in Ireland? as amended by the said firstly-recited lending Act. Act of the last Session of Parliament and this Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said last-mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, and the said Act amending the same, applicable to the Lo%ns authorized to be made by the said Act for the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, shall extend to the Loans to be made out of the Money authorized to be advanced under this Act for the Purposes of Loans for the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

IV. And be it enacted, That where a Provisional Certificate Inclosure Com-has been or may be issued under the said firstly, secondly, and mwstonersmay thirdly recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, and no Advance pu«u^0^Ad-shall have been made in respect of the Works to which such ranees to other Provisional Certificate relates, or the whole of the Sum in such Woiks than Provisional Certificate expressed as the Limit of the Advance to pJotS^°" be made under the same shall not have been issued, it shall be sional Certifi-lawful for the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, cate-where they think fit, upon the Application of the Owner of the Land to which such Provisional Certificate relates, by Order under the Seal of the said Inclosure Commissioners, to authorize the Alteration or Modification of any Works to which such Pro-

212

Loans to the same Owner in Great Britain restricted to 5,000l.

Persons under Disabilities.

Act to be construed with 9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

Cap. 31. Drainage and Improvement of Land Advances *

visional Certificate relates, or to authorize any other Works in respect of which an Advance might be made under the said Acts or this Act to be executed on the Land to which such Provisional Certificate relates, or on any other Land of the same Owner, in substitution in whole or in part for the Works referred to in such Provisional Certificate, and all Proceedings, Advances, and Acts shall and may be thenceforth had, made, and done upon such Provisional Certificate as varied by such Order, in the same Manner as if the Works altered or modified or substituted under such Order had been originally authorized or referred to in such Provisional Certificate: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not authorize the Execution of Works on Land other than that to which the Provisional Certificate relates in substitution as aforesaid for Works mentioned in such Certificate, until the like Notice of the Application shall have been given as is required by the said Acts in the Case of an Application for an Advance; and the Provisions of the said Acts concerning Notice of such last-mentioned Application, and concerning Dissents and Consents, and Proceedings consequent upon Dissent, shall be applicable where Notice is required under this Act.

V. And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act it is enacted, that no Provisional Certificate shall be issued upon 6 any Application or Applications by the same Owner for a ' larger Sum than Ten thousand Pounds Be it enacted, That the said recited Provision shall, as respects Provisional Certificates to be issued upon Application made after the passing of this Act, be repealed; and no Provisional Certificate shall be issued upon any such Application or Applications by the same Owner for a larger Sum than Five thousand Pounds; or if any previous Provisional Certificate or Certificates have been issued to such Owner in respect of the same or any other Land, or have been issued in respect of the same Land to any previous Owner thereof, no Provisional Certificate shall upon such Application or Applications be issued for any larger Sum than will, with the Sum which has been or may be issued under such previous Certificate or Certificates, make up Five thousand Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That when the Owner of any Lands in England or Wales, or the Person who under the Act of the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth, for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, would be deemed the Owner of any Lands in England or Wales, shall be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, the Guardian, Trustee, Committee of the Estate, Husband, or Attorney respectively shall be substituted in the Place of such Owner or Person deemed to be Owner for all the Purposes of the said several herein-before recited Acts and of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That so much of this Act as amends the said firstly-recited Act shall be construed with such Act and the said secondly and thirdly recited Acts as One Act.

213

18501 Drainage and Improvement of Land Advance Cap. 31.

VIII. And be it enacted, That out of any Money authorized to be advanced for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, under the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, u to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland? or the said secondly-recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, Loans may be made for the Erection of Farm Buildings; and all the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, and the said Act amending the same, shall be construed in like Manner as if die Erection of Farm Buildings had been enumerated in such last-mentioned Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty among the Purposes for which Loans might be made under that Act

IX. 'And whereas by the said Act "to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland" it is provided ' that all the Works for which any Loan is made under such ' Act shall be completed within such Period as may, previously ' to making any such Loan or Advance as therein mentioned, c be fixed by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, ' or within such further Period as they may fix from Time to ' Time, such Periods not exceeding in the whole Three Years from the Date of the First Advance on account of any such ' Loan:' Be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Enactment as requires the said Commissioners to fix a Period for the Completion of any Works within Three Years from the Date of such First Advance shall be repealed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fix, for the Completion of any such Works, such Period, and from Time to Time such further Period, within Five Years from the Date of the First Advance on account of any such Loan, as the said Commissioners may think fit.

X. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall not make any Order for any Loan under the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty," to facilitate H the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland? the said secondly- recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this Act, or any of them, to the same Owner to a larger Amount than Five thousand Pounds; or if any previous Order or Orders have been made under such Acts or any of them for a Loan or Loans to the same Owner in respect of the same or any other Land, or to any previous Owner of the same Land in respect of such Land, the said Commissioners shall not make such Order for a Loan to a larger Amount than will, with the Sum which has been or may be issued under such previous Order or Orders, make up Five thousand Pounds.

XL ' And whereas it is expedient to authorize the Advance ' of a further Sum of Money for the Extension and Promotion ' of Works of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in ' Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and advance out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, in addition to the Sums already authorized to be advanced for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, such further Sum or

O 4 Sums

Loans may be made for the Erection of Farm Buildings in Ireland.

Commissioners may fix a Time for Completion of Works, not exceeding 5 Yean from First Advance.

Loans to the same Owner in Ireland restricted to SfiOOL

Treasury may advance 800,000l. for Drainage and Works of public Utility in Ireland.

Provisions of existing Acts extended to this Act.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 23.

Provisions of 9 A 10 Vict. c. 101. extended to this Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 31, 32. Drainage and Improvement of Land Advances.

Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, as may from Time to Time be required for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland; or if the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury so think fit, it shall be lawful for them to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, as they shall think fit to direct, for the Purposes last aforesaid; but provided that the whole Amount of such Advances out of the Consolidated Fund and by Exchequer Bills shall not together exceed the said Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds; and the Advances to be so made shall be applied for the Purpose of the Loans which the Commissioner's of Public Works in Ireland may be called upon to make under the Provisions of the Acts now in force authorizing Loans to be made for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland.

XII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, of what Nature or Kind soever, contained in or referred to by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament u to authorize further Advances of Money for " the Improvement of Landed Property, and the Extension " and Promotion of Drainage, and other Works of public Uti lity, in Irelandso far as such Act relates to Loans for the Purposes last aforesaid, or in any Act authorizing Loans to be made for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland, shall extend to this Act, and to Loans hereby authorized to be made for those Purposes.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act applicable to the Exchequer Bills to be made out and issued under that Act shall extend and be applicable to the Exchequer Bills to be made out and issued under this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in pursuance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published, and deposited, according to the Provisions of the Act, certain

Provisional Orders mentioned in the Schedule to this Bill ' annexed, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be confirmed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health referred

1850. General Board of Health. Cap. 32. 215

to in the Schedule to this Bill annexed shall be and the same are hereby confirmed, and shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Bill.

II. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local First Election Board of Health for the Borough of Stratford on Avon for the °*Local Board Purposes of the said Public Health Act shall take place on the s^t^rd^rT Second Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand Avon, eight hundred and fifty.

III. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local First Election Board of Health for the Town and Parish of Dartford for the f ri£^fB<Tr<i Purposes of the said Public Health Act shall take place on or or the Second Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

IV. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local First Election Board of Health for the Hamlet of Harrow Town and Roxeth

in the Parish of Harrow for the Purposes of the said Public Town and Health Act shall take place on the Second Day of September in Roxeth. the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

V. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local F*?1 Ei, c?H^Li Board of Health for the Parish of Chelmsford for the Purposes for Chelmsford, of the said Public Health Act shall take place on the Second

Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Local Board of Health in Locml Board of aid for the City of York, as constituted by the Provisional Health for Order of the General Board of Health by this Act confirmed, mmke

so often as they shall have Occasion to make and levy a Bate or Rates under the Powers conferred upon them by the Public Health Act, 1848, or the said Provisional Order by this Act confirmed, shall and may order such Bate or Rates to be made, levied, and collected within the said City as a Bate in the Nature of a County Bate, and in the same Manner in all respects as the Council of the said City is now authorized to order a Borough Bate to be made, levied, and collected under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 76. for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, anything in the said Public Health Act, 1848, as to the Mode of making, levying, and collecting any Rate or Rates under that Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be Act incorpo-incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this p^i^nUith Act and the Public Health Act were One Act Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any »ntic of other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument or this Act. Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures "The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850."

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended ActnJ^lAc or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of *mcn c' Parliament.

Cap. 32, 33. General Board of Health. 13 & 14 VICT.

SCHEDULE to which this Bill refers.

Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, submitted for the Confirmation of Parliament.

Places to which the Orders apply.

Stratford upon Avon. Dartford.

Newport.

Brecon.

Harrow.

Derby. Dover. Chelmsford. York,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same.

[15th July 1850.]

S&4W.4. c. 46.

3 & 4 W. 4. C. 77.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 39.

First and last recited Acts repealed, except where already t adopted.

Interpretation of Terms.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled ' An Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general

System of Police: And whereas an Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors

for the several Burghs and Towns of Scotland which now ' return or contribute to return Members to Parliament, and are

not Royal Burghs: And whereas an Act was passed in the ' Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth and Eleventh

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act ' to amend an Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a ' general System of Police, and another Act for providing for the ' Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors in certain Burghs and Towns of Scotland: And whereas it is i expedient to make more effectual Provision for regulating ' the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and ' also for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, supplying Water

to, and otherwise improving the same Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first and last recited Acts be and the same are hereby repealed, except only as regards such Burghs as have already adopted, in whole or in part, the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,) the Word " Burgh " shall include not only Royal Burgh, Parliamentary

Burgh,

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Boigh, and Burgh of Regality and Barony, but also any populous Place the Boundaries whereof have been fixed and ascertained in Terms of this Act; the Expression w Parliamentary Burgh" shall mean a Burgh or Town to which Magistrates and Councils were provided by the said second-recited Act; the Expression " populous Place" shall mean any Town, Village, Place, or Locality, not being a Royal Burgh, or Burgh of Regality or Barony, or Burgh or Town to which Magistrates and Councillors were by the said second-recited Act provided, containing a Population of Twelve hundred Inhabitants or upwards; the Word " Person," and Words applying to any Person or Individual, shall apply to and include Corporations; the Word "Householder" shall mean a Male Occupier of a Dwelling House or other Heritable Subjects of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or upwards; the Word "Occupier" shall not include a Lodger or a Party in the Occupation as Tenant of a furnished House let for a less Period than One Year, but shall include the Party by whom such furnished House is so let; the Expression "Lodging House" shall mean a House in which Lodgers are housed at an Amount not exceeding Sixpence per Head per Night; the Word " County " shall include Stewartry; the Word " Sheriff*" shall mean the Sheriff* of and acting in the County of which he is Sheriff, and shall include Sheriff Substitute, 'and also Steward and Steward Substitute; the Expression "the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act acting in and for a Burgh by which this Act has been in whole or in part adopted; the Words " Magistrates," or " Magistrates and Council," when applied to Royal Burghs, shall include the Provost; the Word " Magistrate " (except where used in reference to Proceedings with respect to the Adoption of this Act) shall mean a Magistrate of Police appointed and acting under this Act; the Words " Clerk," " Treasurer," and "Collector" shall mean the Clerk, Treasurer, and Collector respectively appointed by the Commissioners under the Provirions of this Act; the Word "Lands" and the Word "Premises " shall include all Lands, Springs, Rights of Servitude, Dwelling Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, Stables, Breweries, Manufactories, Mills, and other Houses and Buildings, and Yards and Places; the Word "Street" shall extend to and include any Road, Bridge, Lane, Square, Court, Alley, Close, Wynd, Vennel, and Thoroughfare or public Passage; the Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month; the Word " Oath " shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and Declaration in the Case of Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration in lieu of an Oath; the Word " Owner," used with reference to any Lands or Premises in respect of which any Work is required to be done or any Assessment paid under this Act, shall mean the Person for the Time entitled to receive, or who, if such Lands or Premises were let to a Tenant aft a Rack-rent, would be entitled to receive, the Rack-rent from the

218

The Boundaries of Parliamentary Burghs to be those fixed by 2&SW.4. c. 65.

Boundaries of all other Royal Burghs, and Burghs of Regality and Barony, how to be fixed.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

the Occupier thereof; the Expression " Rack-rent" shall mean Rent which is not less than Two Thirds of the full net annual Value of the Property out of which the Rent arises, and the full net annual Value shall be taken to be the Rent at which the Property ought reasonably to be expected to let from Year to Year, free from all Feu Duty, Ground Rent, and usual Tenants* Rates and Taxes, and deducting therefrom the probable annual Cost of the Repairs, Insurance, and other Expenses (if any) necessary to maintain the same in a State to command such Rent; the Expression "private Assessment" shall mean any Assessment or Charge on Individuals for private Improvement Expenses, or for House Drainage, or otherwise, under this Act; the Expression " District Assessment" shall mean any Assessment other than a " private Assessment" which is confined only to a Portion or District of any Burgh; the Word " Cattle shall include any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Colt, Filly, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Ox, Calf, Ass, Mule, Ram, Ewe, Wether, Lamb, Goat, Kid, or Swine; Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number; and Words importing the Masculine Gender (except only the Word "Male") shall include Females.

III. And be it enacted, That the Boundaries of such Burghs and Towns as send or contribute to send a Member or Members to Parliament shall for the Purposes of this Act be the same as the Boundaries which are fixed by an Act passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Boundaries of all other Royal Burghs, Burghs of Regality and of Barony, shall for the Purposes of this Act be fixed by the Sheriff as after mentioned, but so as not at any Point to extend more than One thousand Yards beyond the Bounds of such Burghs as established by Charter, Grant, Prescription, or Act of Parliament; and on the Application of any Twenty-one or more Householders in any such Burgh, or of the Magistrates and Council of any such Burgh, and after such Publication by Advertisement and otherwise as the Sheriff may direct, and after such Investigation (if any) as the Sheriff may deem necessary or proper, the Sheriff shall and he is hereby required to mark out, define, and specify, in a written Deliverance, on such Application, the Boundaries of such Burgh, for the Purposes of this Act, being always within the Limits of such One thousand Yards aforesaid; and such Deliverance shall be final, and when recorded, along with the Application on which it proceeds, in the Sheriff Court Books of such County, shall fix and determine the Boundaries of such Burgh for the Purposes of this Act; and whenever the Boundaries of such Burgh as so ascertained for the Purposes of this Act shall include a Portion of a different County than that in which the original Bounds of such Burgh are situated, such

Portion

219

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Portion shall for the Purposes of this Act be held to be within and to form Part of the County in which such original Bounds are situated as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That on the Application of any Seven Boundaries of or more Householders in any populous Place of which the Popu- populous ktion shall not exceed Three thousand Inhabitants, and on the how 10 Application of any Twenty-one or more Householders in any

populous Place of which the Population shall exceed Three thousand Inhabitants, and after such Publication by Advertisement and otherwise as the Sheriff may direct, the Sheriff shall appoint and direct a proper Person to make out and furnish, within Fourteen Days thereafter, a Return showing to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the Amount of the Population within such populous Place, and thereafter, and after such further Investigation (if any) as the Sheriff may deem necessary or proper, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff and he is hereby required to mark out, define, and specify in a written Deliverance on such Application the Boundaries of such populous Place, and to declare that such Place is a populous Place in Terms of this Act; and such Deliverance shall be final, and when recorded, along with the Application on which it proceeds, in the Sheriff Court Books of the County shall fix and determine the Boundaries of such populous Place for the Purposes of this Act

VI. And be it enacted, That if at the Expiration of One if not adopted Year from the Date of such Deliverance in regard to any within a Year Burgh or populous Place this Act shall not have been adopted ^iieuTtlTbe by such Burgh or Place, in whole or in part, the Boundaries of Una*cer tamed, such Burgh or Place shall for the Purposes of this Act be held

and taken to be still unascertained.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Seven Power for or more Householders in any Burgh of which the Population Chief Magis-shall not exceed Three thousand Inhabitants, and for any Bur'to tocotu. Twenty-one or more Householders in any Burgh of which the vene a Meeting Population shall exceed Three thousand Inhabitants, or for the Household-Magistrates and Council of any such Burgh, whether exceeding in Population Three thousand Inhabitants or not, to apply in of this Act! Writing to the Chief or Senior Magistrate of such Burgh, if a Royal or Parliamentary Burgh, or if otherwise to the Sheriff of the County in which such Burgh is situated, requiring him to convene a Meeting of Householders in such Burgh, for the Purpose of considering whether the Provisions of this Act or any Part of the same shall be adopted and carried into execution within such Burgh: Provided always, that, previously Boundaries of to such Requisition being entertained by such Magistrate or Burgh to be Sheriff, the Boundaries of such Burgh shall have been ascer- "plained tained, where required to be ascertained for the Purposes of previ° this Act, by Proceedings under the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That such Magistrate or Sheriff Return of the shall, upon receiving such Requisition for the convening a Meeting, accompanied, if he shall so require, with a satisfactory holder Undertaking to pay the Expenses after mentioned, appoint and made out. direct a proper Person to make out and furnish, within Fourteen

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

Expenses attending the calling First Meeting, &c., boar to be borne.

Mode of calling First Meeting.

Meetings to be intimated by posting Handbills, &c.

teen Days thereafter, (except where previously made out and furnished as directed by this Act,) a Return showing to the best of his Knowledge and Relief the Amount of Population residing within such Burgh, and shall also direct the Collectors of the Poor Assessment within such Burgh to furnish him, within the like Period, with a List of the Names of all Householders within such Burgh; which List of Householders, distinguishing the Amount of Rental at which each Person is assessed, the said Collectors are hereby required to make and certify on Payment of a Fee of not more than One Shilling for each One hundred Names, and which List shall be sufficient Proof of the Qualification of the Householders named therein; and in case it shall be expedient to obtain such List otherwise than from such Collectors' Book, it shall be competent for such Magistrate or Sheriff to cause an accurate List to be taken and made up by Persons to be appointed for that Purpose.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Provisions of this Act shall be adopted in whole or in part, all the Expenses incurred in relation to fixing the Boundaries, calling the First Meeting, making out Population Returns and Lists of Householders, and otherwise in relation to carrying this Act into execution, shall be defrayed out of the Money assessed and levied under the Authority thereof; but in case the Provisions of this Act shall not be adopted by such Meeting as aforesaid, in whole or in part, then the whole Expenses incurred in relation to fixing the Boundaries shall be paid and borne by the Persons signing the Application in that Behalf; and the whole Expenses incurred in relation to calling and holding the First Meeting, making out Returns and Lists, taking Polls, and all other Expenses whatsoever thereto relating, except as herein-after specially provided for, shall be paid and borne by the Persons signing the Requisition for holding such Meeting; and the Party or Parties who shall have disbursed such Expenses is and are hereby authorized to pursue for and recover the same, with Expenses of Suit, and that by summary Process before the Sheriff, whose Determination shall be final.

X. And be it enacted, That on Receipt of such Requisition such Magistrate or Sheriff shall convene the Householders in the Town Hall or other convenient Place within such Burgh, as the Case may be, and shall lay this Act before such Meeting, together with such Requisition, Return, and List aforesaid, and shall attend and shall preside at such Meeting, and at each subsequent Meeting authorized by this Act, and shall appoint a Clerk to act thereat, who shall make regular Minutes of the Proceedings thereof; and such Magistrate or Sheriff shall, in case of Equality of Votes, besides his deliberative Vote, have a casting or decisive Vote.

XI. And be it enacted, That such Meeting shall be held on a Day not less than Twenty-one Days or more than Thirty Days after such Magistrate or Sheriff shall have received such Requisition to convene a Meeting as aforesaid; and Intimation thereof shall be made by posting Handbills within such Burgh

Fourteen

185a

221

Police and Improvement (Scotland). - Cap. 33.

Fourteen Days preceding the Day of the Meeting, in the Form of the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, mid by Tuck of Drum, or other Mode of Intimation usually adopted in such Burgh, Two Days in each Week for Two Weeks before such Meeting, or by open Proclamation within such Burgh, and also by an Advertisement in any Newspaper published in such Burgh, and if no Newspaper be published therein, then in a Newspaper circulating in such Burgh, at least Three clear Days before tho Day appointed for such Meeting.

XII. And be it enacted, That at such Meeting, and generally at all Meetings and Elections under this Act, &1 Householders shall be entitled to vote; and Companies or Copartnerships occupying Houses or other Heritable Subjects of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds or of greater Value, so as to afford more than One Qualification of Ten Pounds, shall be entitled to grant Authority in Writing to any One or more of the Partners of such Company or Copartnership to vote, and which Partner or Partners shall be deemed to be a Householder within the Meaning of this Act, and have Vote accordingly: Provided always, that such Company or Copartnership shall not so authorize or have Bight to vote by more than One Partner in respect of each Qualification of Ten Pounds afforded by such Premises: Provided also, that in case of any Difficulty arising as to the Qualification or Identity of any Householder, the same shall be decided by such Magistrate or Sheriff, whose Determination shall be final.

XUL And be it enacted, That such Meeting shall proceed to consider and determine whether this Act shall, in whole or in part, be adopted and carried into execution within such Burgh, or shall appoint a Committee of their own Number, not exceeding Nine, to inquire and report to some future Meeting to be held on such Day as shall be appointed; and such future Meeting shall, upon the Report of such Committee, proceed in all respects in the Manner herein directed for such Meeting.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Preses of such Meetings shall ascertain the Determination thereof by a Show of Hands, or in such other Manner as shall appear to him expedient, and shall declare the same; which Declaration shall be final, unless the same shall not be unanimous, and a Poll shall be then demanded in Writing by any Five Persons present and qualified to vote at such Meeting.

XV. And be it enacted, That when such Poll shall be demanded as aforesaid such Magistrate or Sheriff shall direct the same to be proceeded in at such Polling Place or Places, and within such Period as he shall determine, not exceeding Two clear Days from the Day of the Date of such Demand in Writing, exclusive of Sundays, and the Polling shall commence at the Places intimated at Nine of the Clock of the Forenoon of the Day that shall be named.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Poll by this Act authorized to be taken shall be kept open for more than One Day, and that only between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four

Qualification of Voters.

Power of Meeting to adopt this Act, or to decline to adopt it.

Preses to declare the Determination of the Meeting.

Preses to direct a Poll when demanded.

in

Poll not to be open more than One Day, but may close earlier.

222 Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Yier.

in the Afternoon; and the Poll shall close at any Time after the Lapse of Two Hours without any qualified Person offering to vote.

Poll Books to

XVII. And be it enacted, That such Magistrate or Sheriff be provided. shall direct the necessary Number of Poll Clerks to be appointed, and of Poll Books to be prepared in the Form of Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, in which Books shall be inscribed-by such Clerks the Situation of the Premises in respect of which the Voter is qualified, and the Manner in which he votes, and the Voter shall sign his Name to such Entry or Inscription.

State of Poll to

XVIII. And be it enacted, That as soon after the Close of , a^er1tai^d the Poll as may be the Poll Clerks shall transmit the State of 90 the respective Polls to such Magistrate or Sheriff, who shall

sum up the same, and openly declare the Result of the total Poll at an adjourned Meeting to be held on the next lawful Day; and any Householder present at such adjourned Meeting may then and there demand a Scrutiny, and, on finding Caution or Security to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate or Sheriff for the Reimbursement of the Expenses attending the same, such Scrutiny shall be made by such Magistrate or Sheriff in such Way and Manner as he may deem proper, and shall be reported to another adjourned Meeting to be appointed by such Magistrate or Sheriff, and to be held on a Day not later than the Third Day from such Second adjourned Meeting; and the Result of such Scrutiny as declared by such Magistrate or Sheriff, or, if there be no Scrutiny, the Result of the Poll as originally declared, shall be final, and the Party demanding such Scrutiny shall be liable in the Expense thereof.

Majority neces-

XIX. And be it enacted, That any Resolution to adopt the this Acttn* P*08*0118 of this Act, in whole or in part, shall be effectual if whole or in be carried by a Majority of the Persons qualified and voting part. as aforesaid.

How Minutes

XX. And be it enacted, That if such Resolution shall be to be worde<fif> a°P^ this Act only in part the Matter or Matters with respect Act adopted in to which this Act is so adopted shall be set forth and declared part only. in the Minutes of such Meeting in the Words introductory to the Enactment in this Act with respect to such Matter, or it shall be set forth and declared in such Minutes that this Act, with the Exception of the Matter or Matters so described, is so adopted; and it shall not be competent by such Resolution to adopt Part only of the Provisions applicable to a Matter provided for in this Act, but the whole Enactment with respect to such Matter must, if adopted, be adopted entire; and any Adoption of this Act, though in part only, shall infer the Adoption of the Enactments with respect to Commissioners, and shall also infer the Adoption of the Enactments with respect to Assessments, and shall also infer the Adoption of the Enactments with respect to Appeal to the Sheriff in so far as the Enactments relate to the Matter or Matters adopted, and shall also infer the Adoption of every other general Enactment or Enactments applicable to such Matter or Matters, though

not

185a

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

223

not specially set forth and declared in such Minutes to be

adopted.

XXL

XI. And be it enacted, That where any Burgh shall have if Act not resolved not to adopt the Provisions of this Act, or shall have adopted, Pro. adopted them only in part, the Householders thereof may, after the Expiration of Two Years from the Date of any preceding afterTiroYean. Meeting, but not sooner, by such and the like Proceedings, again take this Act into consideration, and adopt the same in whole or in part, or such Part thereof as may not have been formerly adopted, or determine not to adopt the same.

XXEI. And be it enacted, That where the Parliamentary where Parlia- Boundarie8 of any Burgh include a Royal Burgh, the House- mentary Boun-holders of which Royal Burgh do not exceed in Number Three BurU<h Fourths of the Householders within such Parliamentary Boun- Househorders* darks, it shall be competent for any Two Thirds or more of may resolve it such Householders of such Burgh as are beyond the Limits of *

such Royal Burgh, and within such Parliamentary Boundaries, puce!* °US present at the Meeting adopting this Act, or at some adjourned Meeting as aforesaid, to resolve that such Burgh shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be only a populous Race, and such Burgh shall thereafter be deemed and taken for the Purposes of this Act as only a populous Place accordingly:

Provided always, that in, such Case the Magistrates of such Royal Burgh shall, ex-officio and along with the Commissioners to be elected in Terms of this Act, be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act within such Parliamentary Boundaries, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to be elected for such Burgh in Terms of this Act to elect any Magistrates of Police, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding, but the Magistrates of such Royal Burgh shall be the Magistrates of Police within such Parliamentary Boundaries.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That where the Parliamentary where Parlia- Boundaries of any Burgh which shall have resolved not to adopt mentary Boun-this Act in whole or in part include a Royal Burgh, it shall be ^es Bur If competent for such Royal Burgh, and for any populous Place Act may b? within such Parliamentary Boundaries, and without the Limits adopted in of such Royal Burgh, to take Measures for adopting this Act' ^°^tIjur8h within such Royal Burgh and populous Place respectively, in scParaey' so far as not adopted within such Parliamentary Boundaries.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where the Parliamentary when PerlU- Boundaries of any Burgh include One or more Tovms or Places, mentary Boun-which if not included within such Parliamentary Boundaries ^roTh^h* might have separately adopted this Act, and where? such Town might other-or Place, Towns or Places have a separate Magistracy or sepa- wise have separate Magistracies, or a separate Police Act or sept irate Police Acts, this Act shall not be adopted in whole or in part within for t'heir still such Burgh, unless a Majority not only of the Householders of doing so in cer-auch Burgh but of the Householders of each sucl i Town or uin Circura" Place, who shall be present at the Meeting held int Terms of this Act to consider or determine as to the Adopti on of this Act within such Burgh, or who shall vote at the Pol I following

stances.

Further Pro* ceedings on Act being adopted.

Proceedings to be reported to the Sheriff.

Comnuuumert *

Number of Commissioners:

If Burgh divided into Wards.

Meeting for Election of Commissioners to be convened.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VIC'T *

thereon, shall be in favour of such Adoption; and where in such Burgh this Act shall not have been adapted in whole or in part by reason of such Majorities not having been obtained, it shall be competent for each such Town or Place to take Measures for the Adoption of this Act separately, in the same Manner as if such Town or Place did not form Part of such Burgh.

XXV. And be it enacted, That where this Act shall be adopted in any Burgh, in whole or in part, the Resolution to adopt it shall not be subject to any further Question; and, except in the Cases after mentioned, and where it may be necessary to provide for the special Election of Commissioners and Magistrates of Police, the Householders thereof present at the Meeting adopting this Act unanimously, or at some adjourned Meeting as aforesaid, shall then and there proceed to determine by a Majority of Votes, and shall set forth in their Minutes, the Number of Commissioners to be elected by the Householders to carry this Act into operation, and also whether such Burgh shall be divided, into Wards for the Purposes of this Act, and, if so, the Bounds, and Limits of such Wards.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Resolutions and whole Proceedings of such Meetings shall be reported to the Sheriff by the Transmission to him of the Minutes of such Meetings, and all Documents laid before the same, within Forty-eight Hours after the Closo of the Proceedings aforesaid; and the Sheriff shall, within Forty-eight Hours after the Receipt thereoe

renounce a Deliverance thereon, finding and declaring, as the !ase may be, either that this Act has not been adopted, or that the Powers and Provisions thereof (in so far as such Minuses shall show this to 'have been the Case) have been adopted, and that this Act shall, apply to such Burgh in manner therein set forth, and shall forthwith cause such Minutes to be recorded in the Sheriff Court Books of the County, and in the Booka (if any be) of the Burgh to which they specially apply; and such Deliverance by the Sheriff shall be final.

And with res (pect to Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted as follows:

XXVII. That the Commissioners for the Purpose of executing this Ac ft, to be elected as herein-after provided, shall be in Number eit her Six, Nine, or Twelve, a3 may be determined as aforesaid.

XXVIII. That where the Burgh shall be divided into Wards as aforesaid, the Number thereof, and the Number of Commissione jrs to be elected in manner herein-after provided, shall be so settled and adjusted that there shall be Three such Commissioners for each such Ward.

XXIX That as soon as may be after the Deliverance of the Sheriff decL wing that this Act shall apply, in whole or in port, to a Burgh adopting the same as aforesaid, and where Commissioners are to be elected, the Chief or Senior Magistrate or Sheriff, as the Case may be, shall convene a Meeting of the Household* ws of the Burgh, qualified as aforesaid, in the Town Hall or ol Jber convenient Place within the Burgh, or, if the

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Burgh shall be divided into Wards, at some convenient Place in their respective Wards, to be specified in the Notice to be given of such Meeting, for the Election of Commissioners for the Purpose of executing this Act, all which Meetings shall be summoned in the same Way and Manner and at the same Distance of Time as is provided for the First Meeting to be held in virtue of this Act; and in all such Burghs as shall be divided into Wards in manner herein provided the Ward Meetings shall elect their own Preses) and the Commissioners shall be elected by such Meeting or by such Wards.

XXX. That such Election shall be proceeded with in manner following; (that is to say,) any Householder of the Burgh shall be eligible to be elected a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, and may be proposed at such Meeting by any Householder, and may be seconded by any other Householder; and the Preses of the Meeting shall thereupon ascertain and declare the Resolution thereof in manner aforesaid; and if such Election doll not be unanimous, and if a Poll shall be demanded in Writing, in the Manner before provided, at any Meeting for the Purposes of Election under this Act, such Magistrate or Sheriff or such Preses of such Meeting shall open and proceed with such Poll in the Manner herein-before provided; and such Magistrate or Sheriff or Preses of Wards respectively shall for that Purpose appoint a Clerk, and shall provide a Book in the Form of Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, in which the Votes shall be entered, and shall declare the Result of such Poll as appearing on such Book; and such Magistrate or Sheriff or Preses shall be reimbursed all such reasonable Charges or Expenses as may be incurred in providing Clerks and Books, and otherwise in the Performance of the Duties hereby required of them, out of the Money assessed and levied under the Authority of this Act.

XXXI. That the whole Commissioners so returned as aforesaid shall, at Twelve of the Clock Noon on the First Monday after such Election, hold their First General Meeting in the Town Hall or other convenient Place within such Burgh, with Power to adjourn to such other Place as they may think fit; and every Person who may consider that he ought to have been returned as a Commissioner may lodge a Complaint in Writing, signed by him or by some Person duly authorized on his Behalf, with the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, who shall thereupon remit to a Committee of Three or Five of their Number, to inquire into the Merits of such disputed Election, and to report thereon to a subsequent Meeting of the Commissioners, and such Report shall be final; and in case there shall be an Equality of Votes at any Election, the Commissioners shall determine by Vote which of the Candidates shall be preferred; and no Election or Appointment under this Act shall be quashed or set aside on account of any Misnomer, Omission, or other Informality; and every Party returned as a Commissioner shall be entitled to act until, upon a Scrutiny, his Return shall be quashed or set aside; and the Commissioners

P 2 returned

225

Commistioturu

Election of Commissioners.

First Meeting of Commissioners.

226

Gmmutumeri.

Commissioners to choose a Senior and Two Junior Magistrates of Police.

Commissioners to be elected annually.

Out-going Commissioners may be re-elected.

returned shall be entitled to act, though, by reason of Equality of Votes or otherwise, the full Number of Commissioners may not be filled up; and the Commissioners returned shall be arranged alphabetically according to their Surnames, and where the Burgh is divided into Wards the Commissioners for each Ward shall be kept in separate Lists.

XXXII. That the Commissioners shall, at such First Meeting or adjourned Meeting, by a Plurality of Voices, (the Commissioner who had the greatest Number of Votes at the Election of Commissioners having a casting or double Vote in case of Equality,) elect from among their own Number a Senior and Two Junior Magistrates of Police.

XXXIII. That One Third of the Commissioners, or, where the Burgh is divided into Ward^ One Third of the Commissioners for each Ward, being in each Case those who are the highest on the List or Lists of Commissioners for the Time, shall go annually out of Office, videlicet, on the same Day at the Expiration of a Year on which Commissioners were last elected into Office, or on the next lawful Day thereafter; and on the same or the next lawful Day annually the Places of the Commissioners going out of Office shall be supplied by an equal Number of new Commissioners, to be chosen from among the Householders of the Burgh in the Manner aforesaid, under all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions applicable to such First Meeting and Election, and where the Burgh is divided into Wards the Place of each Commissioner going out of Office shall in all Cases under this Act be filled up by the Ward which returned him; and the like Notice of each such annual Meeting shall be given as is herein-before directed to be given of such First Meeting for the Election of Commissioners; and the Commissioners elected at each annual Meeting, arranged alphabetically according to their Surnames, shall be placed at the Foot of the List of Commissioners, or, where the Burgh is divided into Wards, at the Foot of the List of Commissioners for their respective Wards; and where the Senior Magistrate of Police would in ordinary Rotation be One of the Commissioners going out of Office, but remains to complete the Period of Three Years Service as such Senior Magistrate, another Commissioner, being the highest on the List, or, where the Burgh is divided into Wards, the highest on the List for the Ward by which such Senior Magistrate was elected, shall go out in the Room of such Senior Magistrate.

XXXIV. That any of such out-going Commissioners may be re-elected: Provided always, that no Person shall be eligible as a Commissioner, or entitled to vote at such Election, who shall have been relieved from the Assessment made on him for the Purposes of this Act for the Year immediately preceding on the Ground of Inability to pay the said Assessment, or by whom any Arrear of any Assessment due under this Act shall at the Time of the Election have been owing for the Space of a Month, and shall since it became due have been demanded, whether such Arrear shall be due by himself or by any Company

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

227

pany or Copartnership by which he is authorized to vote; and a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Evidence of such Arrears or Relief.

XXXV. That where any Magistrate of Police elected under this Act shall be in the Third of the Commissioners going out of Office, the Place of such Magistrate of Police shall be supplied by Election by the Commissioners as soon as the full Number thereof shall have been completed by the annual Election of the Third hereby directed to take place; and such Election shall be made by Plurality of Voices, and the Senior Magistrate of Police, or in his Absence the Commissioner whose Name is found highest on the Poll, shall have a double or casting Vote, in case of Equality: Provided always, that the Senior Magistrate shall always remain in Office for the Period of Three Years, and that be, as well as the Junior Magistrates, shall at all Times be capable of being re-elected.

XXXVI. That in case the Place of any of the Commissioners or Magistrates of Police elected as aforesaid shall become vacant by Death, Refusal to act, Disqualification, or Resignation, then and in such Cases it shall be lawful for the remaining Commissioners and Magistrates of Police to nominate Persons duly qualified to supply such Vacancies; and each Person so nominated shall have and enjoy the same Powers and Privileges as the Person in whose Stead he is nominated, and shall remain in Office until the next Period of Election, when he shall go out of Office, and the Vacancy shall be supplied by the Householders of the Burgh, or, if the Burgh be divided into Wards, the Householders of the Ward.

XXXVII. That if the Electors shall at any Time refuse or neglect to elect the whole or any Part of the Number of Commissioners originally fixed and agreed to, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners who held Office immediately before the Time specified for such Election to supply the Deficiency.

XXXVIII. That where the Powers and Provisions of this Act shall be, in whole or in part, adopted in any Royal or Parliamentary Burgh having Magistrates and Council, the Magistrates and Council of such Burgh for the Time being shall be the Commissioners for carrying this Act. or such Part thereof as shall be adopted, into operation, as regards such Burgh, and no special Election of Commissioners of Police or Magistrates of Police for such Burgh shall take place under this Act; and the Magistrates of such Burgh shall be the Magistrates of Police thereof, and shall have all the Powers. Privileges, and Jurisdictions of Magistrates of Police under this Act.

XXXIX That where the Powers and Provisions of this Act shall be, in whole or in part, adopted in any Burgh of Regality or Barony having Magistrates and Council (not being a Burgh in which as bounded for the Purposes of this Act there shall be included any Territory situated in a different County from that in which such Burgh as previously bounded was situated), it shall be in the Power of the Householders thereof present at the Meeting adopting the same unanimously, or at

P 3 some

Commissioner*.

Vacancies in the Magistrates of Police how to be supplied.

Interim Vacancies how to be supplied.

If Electors rerefuse, &c. to elect. Commissioners previously in Office may.

Magistrates and Councils in Royal and Parlimentary Burghs to be Commissioners for executing this Act.

In Burghs of Regality or Barony having Magistrates and

Councils the Householders may vest such Magistrates and Councils with the Office of Commissioners.

226

Commistionert.

Commissioners not to hold Pisces of Profit under this Act.

Commissioners to be summoned to attend Meetings.

Quorum.

Statutory Meetings of Commissioners.

Special Meetings may be called on Requisition.

Special Meetings not to annul Rules made

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

some adjourned Meeting as aforesaid, to determine by a Majority of Votes, and to set forth on their Minutes, that the Magistrates *hnd Council of the Burgh for the Time being shall always be the Commissioners for carrying this Act, or such Part thereof as shall be adopted, into operation as regards such Burgh; and in that Case, but in that Case only, such Magistrates and Council for the Time being shall always be such Commissioners within such Burgh, and no special Election of Commissioners of Police or Magistrates of Pohce for such Burgh shall take place under this Act; and the Magistrates of such Burgh shall be the Magistrates of Police thereof, and shall have all the Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of Magistrates of Police under this Act.

XL. That no Commissioner shall, directly or indirectly, derive any Emolument or Profit from any Business or Work of any Description performed or to be performed by him under this Act; nor shall any Commissioner be capable (while he holds Office as such Commissioner) of enjoying any Office of Profit to be created or established by virtue of this Act, or while he has any Share or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution thereof; nor be capable of standing as a Candidate for any such Office, or be a Competitor for any such Contract, save and except Contracts entered into with any Chartered or Joint Stock Company of which such Commissioner may be a Partner.

XLL That the whole Commissioners shall be cited to attend ill Meetings, both Special and Statutory, (save only the First Meetings under this Act,) such Citation being given personally, or at their Dwelling Houses or Shops, by written or printed Summonses issued by their Clerk, at least Twenty-four Hours before the Time of meeting; and the Senior Magistrate present, or in Absence of any Magistrate such one of the Commissioners as shall be chosen by the Meeting, shall preside in all Meetings of the Commissioners; and the Freses of all Meetings of the Commissioners shall have both a deliberative and in case of Equality a casting Vote in all Matters which shall come before them: Provided always, that One Third of the Commissioners must be present at all Meetings to constitute a Quorum.

XLII. That Meetings of the Commissioners shall be held, in such Places as they shall appoint within the Burgh, upon the Second Monday of the Months of February, May, August, and November in each Year, at Twelve of the Clock Noon.

XLIII. That the Clerk to the Commissioners, on Requisition being made to him, stating the Object of the intended Meeting, in Writing and signed by Two of the Commissioners, shall cause Special Meetings to be called within Forty-eight Hours and to be held within Four Days after such Requisition, and shall cause the whole Commissioners to be summoned to attend such Meetings by printed or written Summonses containing a Copy of such Requisition.

XLIV. That no Rules or Regulations shall be adopted or carried into execution by any Special Meeting which shall

229

tend to alter or annul any Rules or Regulations which may have been made and framed at any of the Four Meetings hereby appointed to be held annually.

XLV. That the Commissioners may adjourn to any other Day, Hour, and Place within the Bounds before described.

XLVI. That at all and each of the Meetings to be held in virtue of this Act the Commissioners present shall defray their own Expenses.

XLVII. That the Commissioners shall have Power to form Committees of their Number, either with Directions to report to the Commissioners, or for carrying the various Purposes of this Act into execution, and to delegate to such Committees the Powers competent to the Commissioners under this Act, in whole or in part, with regard to the Subject which may be remitted, to name the Convener, and to fix the Numbers of such Committees who shall form a Quorum; and the Convener who shall preside at such Committee shall be entitled to a casting Vote in case of Equality, and to convene the Members by Notices in the Way he shall think most convenient

XLVIII. That the Commissioners shall, in such Manner as to them shall seem best for the Purposes of this Act, estimate, assess, levy, and apply the Sums of Money hereby authorized to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have Power, at such Times as they shall appoint, and from Time to Time, to order and direct Lists to be taken of the Inhabitants of the Burgh, and of the Value of Premises situate therein, and to appoint a Superintendent of Police at a fixed annual Salary, and also to appoint, at such Salaries as they shall judge meet. Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, and all other Persons whose Appointment is not herein otherwise provided for, to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and to remove and suspend such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Persons at Pleasure, and to fix the Number and Description of Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and the Wages to be paid to them respectively, whether appointed by themselves or not, and to increase or diminish their Numbers, from Time to Time as they shall see Cause, and to make Orders and Regulations for their Government; and the Commissioners shall have Power also, with the Consent of the Proprietors, to purchase such Lands and Premises as shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, and shall also have full Power and Authority to make all necessary Rules, Orders, and Regulations relative to the watching, lighting with Gras or otherwise, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Roads, Lanes, Passages, or public Ways or Places within the Burgh, or to the Supply and Distribution of Water and Gras to the same, in so far as the Powers of this Act may apply to these Objects in the Burgh, and for' the Prevention of infectious Diseases, and putting down and removing such Nuisances as may affect the Health of the Inhabitants, and for carrying felly into effect all the Objects and Purposes and Provisions of this Act, and shall enact Penalties for enforcing the same, not

P 4 exceeding

at Statutory

Meetings.

Meetings may be adjourned.

Commissioners to defray their own Expenses.

Power to appoint Committees.

Powers and Duties of Com* xnissioners.

230

Commissioners.

Commissioners may contract for Execution of Works.

Property vested in Commissioners.

Clerk to be appointed.

Clerk not to be concerned a* Agent, &c. in any Prosecution under this Act.

Treasurer and Collector to be appointed.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

exceeding, in any Case the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and execute the whole other Matters specified in this Act and committed to their Charge: Provided always, that the Buies and Regulations so to be made shall not be contrary to the Law of Scotland, or to anything in this Act contained.

XLIX. That the Commissioners, or any Committee of their Body thereunto especially empowered, may contract with any Person for carrying into execution any of the Operations hereby authorized; and such Contract shall be signed by the Preses and Clerk in Name of the Meeting at which such Agreement or Contract shall be made.

L. That the Monies arising from the Assessment hereby authorized to be levied, and all other Property acquired by the Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners and their Successors, for the Uses and Purposes mentioned in this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever.

LI. That the Commissioners shall appoint a Clerk for keeping the Books and Records of the Commissioners and their Committees; which Book or Records, being signed by the Preses of each respective Meeting, or any Copy, or Extract therefrom, authenticated by the Signature of the Clerk, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever in any Case or Matter concerning this Act, and shall be open to the Inspection of any Person interested therein, without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and the Clerk shall, when required, give cei> tified Copies, or Extracts therefrom, to all Persons requiring the same, upon Payment of such reasonable Sum as shall be fixed by the Commissioners, not exceeding One Shilling for every Three hundred Words.

LII. That no Person who may be appointed the Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of any such Clerk, or any Person in the Employ of such Clerk or of his Partner, shall act as Agent or Solicitor in the Trial of any Offence committed within the Limits of the Burgh as fixed for the Purposes of this Act; and in the event of a Contravention of such Provisions, such Clerk shall be thenceforth disqualified from holding any Office whatever under this Act, and from acting as a Commissioner under this Act.

LIII. That the Commissioners shall in like Manner at their First Meeting elect and appoint a Treasurer and Collector to act during their Pleasure; and such Collector and Treasurer* before they shall be permitted to take upon them the Execution of their Office, shall respectively grant Bond, with sufficient Sureties, to the Commissioners, for their Intromissions, and for the just and faithful Execution of their Office, to such an Amount as the Commissioners shall think reasonable; and any Collector or Treasurer who may be convicted of wilfully secreting or not accounting to the Commissioners for any Sum of Money received by him as Collector or Treasurer shall forfeit Triple the Amount thereof to the Commissioners.

LIV. That

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 38.

LIV. That the Commissioners may allow reasonable Salaries to the Clerk and Treasurer, and the Collector shall be allowed for his Trouble in collecting Assessments authorized to be levied under this Act a Sum not exceeding the Bate of Five Founds per Centum upon all such Sums of Money as he shall collect and receive.

LV. That such Collector shall be obliged to lodge all Money received by him in a chartered or other Bank, or in one of the Branches of such Bank in the Burgh, to be fixed by the Commissioners, upon an Account to be opened in the Name of the Commissioners, and to be operated upon by the Treasurer far the Time; and such Treasurer shall make no Drafts on the said Account for any private Purpose on any Pretence whatever, nor for any other Purpose than the Payments which shall from Time to Time be authorized by the Commissioners or their Committees for the Purposes of this Act, as the same shall be certified to the said Treasurer by the Clerk to the Commissioners, who shall countersign all such Drafts.

LVI. That in case any Treasurer or Collector shall become insolvent, and the Sums chargeable against him shall not have been paid by his Cautioners or Sureties, then and in every such Case the Sum deficient shall be assessed upon the Burgh at the next annual Assessment in the Manner herein prescribed with regard to , annual Assessments, and shall be payable at such Time as the Commissioners shall appoint; and in case of Failure in Payment, the same Proceedings shall be competent as are hereby directed in case of Failure in Payment of the annual Assessment.

LVIL That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to appoint the same Person to be both Treasurer and Collector for the Purposes of this Act; but it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to appoint any Person who may be appointed their Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or the Partner of such Clerk, or any Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk or of his Partner, to be the Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or to appoint any Person who may be appointed Treasurer, or the Partner of such Treasurer, or any Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Treasurer or of his Partner, to be the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, or if any Person being the Partner of such Clerk, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Clerk or of his Partner, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or shall act as Deputy of the Treasurer, or in any Manner officiate for the Treasurer, or being the Treasurer or the Partner of such Treasurer, or the Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of such Treasurer or of his Partner, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of this Act, or shall act as Deputy of such Clerk, or in any Manner officiate for such Clerk, or if any Treasurer shall hold any place of Profit or Trust under the Commissioners other than that of Treasurer,

every

231

Allowance to Clerk, Treasurer, and Collector.

Collector to lodge all Monies received by .him in Bank.

On Insolvency of Treasurers or Collectors, DeBcicucy may be assessed.

Treasurer and Collector may be same Person; but Clerk and Treasurer not to be same Person.

t32

4SNNMMiMri»

Actions by or against Commissioners, bow to be brought, and not to abate.

Books of Accounts and Proceedings to be kept by Commissioners.

Account of Receipt and Application of Monies to be made out by Commissioners, and printed and published.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Expenses, in the same Manner as any of the Penalties by this Act imposed may be sued for and recovered.

LVIII. That all Actions, Suits, or Proceedings in respect of any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this Act to be brought by or against the Commissioners shall be in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer or Collector for the Time being, as the Party, Pursuer or Defender, representing the Commissioners; and no Action, Suit, or Proceeding wherein the Commissioners shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer or Collector shall cease or abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer or Collector, or by any Change in the Persons holding Office as Commissioners, but the Clerk, Treasurer, or Collector to the Commissioners for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, in every such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

LIX. That Accounts of all Property, Heritable and Moveable, vested in the Commissioners, showing the Nature of such Property, and of all Money received and disbursed, and all Orders and Proceedings of the Commissioners, shall be kept in Books by their Clerk; and all such Books of Accounts and Proceedings whatsoever may at all seasonable Times be inspected and perused, without Fee or Reward, by any Person assessed, and also by any Person entitled to any Money due and owing on the Credit of such Assessment; and such Persons may take Copies of or Extracts from any of such Books, Accounts, and Proceedings, and the said respective Assessments, without Fee or Reward; and any Person in whose Custody or Power any such Books, Accounts, and Proceedings are, who shall refuse Inspection thereof, or to permit Copies or Extracts to be taken as aforesaid, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in case any Person who shall be assessed shall be dis-satisfied with any Accounts which shall have been made up as aforesaid, or with any of the Items or Articles contained in any such Accounts, such Person may complain against the same by Petition to the Sheriff, in which Complaint shall be specified the Grounds of Objection to such Accounts, Items, or Articles; and the Sheriff shall proceed to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and his Decision shall be final.

LX. That the Commissioners shall yearly, and previous to their Statutory Meeting in the Month of February in each Year, cause to be made out a just and accurate Account of all the Monies received and expended in the Execution of this Act, showing from what Sources such Monies have been received, and to what Purposes the same have been laid out and applied; and which Account, so soon as the same shall have been audited as herein-after provided, shall be signed by Two of the Commissioners and the Clerk, and shall be deposited with the Clerk, who shall forthwith cause to be printed, and

inserted

1850. PoBce and Improvement (Shetland). Cap. 33. >33

inerted in One or more of the Newspapers published or cir- Commbmkert.

eulated in the Burgh, authenticated Abstracts of such yearly -

Accounts, and shall permit any Person assessed under this Act to inspect and examine such Accounts at all seasonable Times, without Payment of any Fee or Reward for such Inspection.

LXL That the Commissioners shall, at their Statutory Meet- Auditor* to be ing in the Month of February in each Year, appoint Two or «ppointed. more Persons, not being Commissioners, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the Commissioners, and may pay to such Auditors a [reasonable Remuneration for their Time and Trouble, not exceeding Two Guineas each for every Day they shall be folly employed on such Audit, and all such Expenses as such Auditors shall be put to attending the auditing of the said Accounts; and if any Dispute arise as to the Amount of the Remuneration and Expenses to be paid to such Auditors, it shall be settled by the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final.

LXII. That the Auditors so appointed shall attend as soon Auditor* to in-as conveniently may be after the said annual Meeting at the Account*. Office of the Commissioners, or at some other convenient Place to be appointed by the Commissioners, and from Time to Time the mmeifthey shall proceed to audit the Accounts of the Commissioners for think fit the Year preceding the said annual Meeting; and the Commissioners shall lay before such Auditors the Accounts for such Year, accompanied with proper Vouchers in support of the same, and all Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody ot Power relating thereto; and any Person interested in the said Accounts, either as a Creditor or as a Rate-payer, may be present at the Audit of such Accounts, by himself or his Agent, and may make any Objection to any Part of such Accounts; and if such Accounts be found correct such Auditors shall sign the same in token of their Allowance thereof, but if such Auditors think there is just Cause to disapprove of any Part of such Accounts, they shall make such Abatements from or Alterations of such Accounts as to them shall seem just, and in either Case shall ascertain and fix the Balance arising on such Accounts; and if the Commissioners be dis-satisfied with the Result of such Audit they may appeal to the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final: Provided always, that unless the Balance as ascertained and fixed by the Auditors shall be appealed to the Sheriff within Fourteen Days from the Date of such Ascertainment, such Balance shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to Review.

And with respect to General Assessments under this Act, be General it enacted as follows: Assessments.

LXITL That once in each Year the Commissioners (being Com^onen summoned in tnanner herein-before directed by written or to make As-printed Summonses, which shall state that the Meeting is for *e*mentforthe the Purpose of laying on an Assessment,) shall assess all Occu- of

piers of Premises within the Burgh in the Sums necessary to be levied for the Purposes of this Act, other than by way of Private or District Assessments, and shall fix a Day, not being less than Three Months from the Date of laying on such

234

General

Amsments.

Exceptions from Assessments.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 36.

Common Good to contribute toirards the Purposes of this Act.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Assessment, on which the same shall be payable, and another Day, not being less than One Month preceding the Day on which such Assessment is so made payable, on or before which Appeals by any Parties, complaining that they have been improperly assessed, may be lodged with the Clerk, and another Day or Days on which Appeals shall be heard; and the Rate of Assessment, and Days, so fixed by the Commissioners, shall be published by Handbills posted in the Burgh, and by Advertisement in any Newspaper circulating therein (if any be), or otherwise in some Newspaper circulating in the County in which the Burgh is situated; and the Decision of the Commissioners on such Appeals shall be final: Provided always, that such Assessment other than Private and District Assessments shall not in any Year exceed the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound where the Enactments of this Act with respect to Water have been adopted, or the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound where such Enactments with respect to Water have not been adopted.

LXIV. That the Commissioners shall not assess any Premises which shall be unoccupied or unfurnished from one Term of Whitsunday to another Term of Whitsunday, nor the Town House of the Burgh, nor any Place used solely for Public Worship, nor any Buildings which are solely occupied for the Purposes of Religion, or of public Charity, or of Education, or which are exempted from County, Borough, Parochial, or other local Rates or Cesses by the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to exempt from - County, Borough, Parochial, and other local Rates, Land and Buildings occupied by Scientific or Literary Societies.

LXV. That when the Provisions of this Act shall have been adopted in any Burgh possessed of any free Income arising from the Common Good of such Burgh, after Deduction of the Interest of any Debt which such Burgh may owe, and also the necessary annual Outgoings of such Burgh, there shall be annually contributed therefrom such a reasonable Proportion towards the Purposes of this Act as the Town Council of such Burgh, having due Regard to the Extinction of the Capital of such Debt, shall think just: Provided always, that if any Six or more Inhabitants liable in Assessment under this Act shall think proper, such Inhabitants may require, by Notice in Writing, that the Amount of such Contribution shall be submitted to the Decision of the Sheriff, who is hereby required thereupon to repair to such Burgh, and to inquire into all Facts and Circumstances which he may deem material, and to take in Writing the Statements of Parties, and such Evidence as he shall think necessary, and such Sheriff shall decide as to the Amount of such Contribution to be paid from the Common Good of such Burgh, and such Decision shall be recorded in the Books of the Burgh, and also in the Books of the Commissioners: Provided also, that in the event of any Change of Circumstances operating either towards the Increase or Diminution of the free Income of

185A Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 235

such Burgh, it shall be competent cither to the Town Council G*mi or to the said Inhabitants, alter the Expiration of Three Years Aurnmn*. after the Date of any such Decision, or Three Years after the Date of any after Decision, to propose an Amendment or Rectification of the existing Contribution; and in case of Disagreement between the Town Council and Inhabitants the Amount shall again be submitted to the Decision of the Sheriff; and the Decision of the Sheriff in both of the Cases above mentioned shall, subject to the foresaid Proviso, be final, and not mbject to Review.

LXVL That the Sum which the Burgh shall thus agree to, Contribution, or shall be directed to contribute annually as aforesaid, shall be how to be r. recoverable by such and the like Process as Debts due from the covcred* Common Good of Royal Burghs in Scotland may now by Law be recovered.

LXVII. That the said Assessment shall be levied from the actual Occupiers of all Premises (whether Proprietors or Tenants); but in the Cases of Premises let at a Rent under Five Pounds, or for a less Period than Half a Year, the Person by whom the Assessment shall be paid shall be entitled to deduct the same from the Rent payable to the Person by whom the said Premises shall be so let, who shall be liable for such Assessment, and from whom the some may be levied, in case of the Removal or Default of the actual Possessor of such Pre-Buses; and Deduction shall be allowed by the Commissioners of the Assessment for each entire Period of Six Months from Whitsunday to Martinmas, or from Martinmas to Whitsunday, during winch any such Premises shall be unoccupied or not famished: Provided always, that where Premises are let to One or more Persons at a Rent or Rents not exceeding Five Pounds, payable by each such Person respectively as his own Rent or proper Share of Rent, and where the Assessments payable by the Occupier under this Act shall not have been recovered from such Occupier, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to recover such Assessment from the Owner.

LXVIII. That the Collectors of Poor Assessments shall furnish the Commissioners, as often as they shall require the same, with a List of the Names of all Occupiers of Premises situated within the Burgh, certified as aforesaid, and on Payment of such Fee as is before provided; and in like Manner the Clerks ef such Burghs as are included in the said recited Act of the Second and Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth shall, upon Requisition, furnish the Com-Husriouer8 with a List of the Persons qualified to vote in such Burgh for a Member of Parliament

LXIX. That the Commissioners shall annually cause to be made of a Roll or Book of Assessment, showing the yearly Bent or Value of the whole Premises in the Burgh liable to be assessed under this Act, and according to which the Assessments under this Act are intended to be levied; and such Roll or Book of Assessment shall be open to Inspection by all Ratepayers, in the Hands of the Clerk, during the whole Period

Occupiers to pay Assessments.

Names of Occupiers to be furnished by Collectors of Poor Assessments, &c.

Assessment Roll to be made up; and Appeals hoir to be entered and disposed of.

23$

Gmtrtd

Ameummti.

Commissioners may grant Relief from Assessment in case of Poverty.

Assessment Roll to be delivered to the Collector.

Recovery of Rates.

Cap. S3. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

which shall intervene between the Date of laying on the annual Assessment and the Day appointed for hearing Appeals against the same; and the Commissioners shall have Power to rectify or alter any Valuation of Premises against which an Appeal may be taken by the Person liable to be assessed therefor, by Letter to the Clerk lodged with him on or before such Day as the Commissioners shall at the Time of laying on the Assessment appoint as aforesaid.

LXX. That the Commissioners may, on the Ground of the Poverty or Inability to pay of any Person liable in Assessment under this Act, remit, in whole or in part. Payment of the said Assessment by such Person, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall in their Discretion think just and reasonable, but upon no other Account whatsoever.

LXXI. That as soon as may be after disposing of the Appeals in each Year the said Boll or Book t>f Assessment, as finally adjusted by the Commissioners, or a Copy thereof, docqueted and signed by any Two of their Number, shall be delivered over to the Collector, as the Rule for levying and collecting the annual Assessment under this Act

LXXIL That if any Assessment is not paid when the same falls due, the Commissioners may authorize the Collector, by a Docquet to that Effect endorsed on the said Boll or Book of Assessment, and signed by any Two of their Number, to take legal Proceedings for recovering from the different Parties liable therein and remaining in arrear; and thereupon the Collector may present the said Boll or Book of Assessment, or a Copy thereof, docqueted and signed and endorsed as aforesaid, to any One of the Magistrates of Police or other Magistrates of the Burgh, who is hereby authorized and required to grant such summary Decreets and Warrants as may be necessary for levying the same; and where any Person so rated and assessed as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the Assessment charged upon him, for the Space of Ten Days next after the same shall be due and demanded by the Collector, it shall be lawful for the Collector to apply to any such Magistrate for a Warrant to any of the Officers of the Burgh to enter any Premises rented or possessed by the Person assessed and refusing and neglecting as aforesaid, and to seize and take possession of his Goods and Effects, and which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to grant, upon a Certificate, signed by the Collector or Person who made the Demand, of such Demand having been made, and of such Person assessed being in arrear to the Amount stated in the Certificate; and if such Assessment shall not be paid within Three Days after such Seizure is made, together with the Charges and Expenses thereby incurred, then the Collector is hereby authorized to sell by public Roup, either on the Premises where the said Goods were seized or any other Place, the whole or such Part of the said Goods or Effects as shall be sufficient to pay the said Assessment, with the Expenses attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the Owner; and the Collector shall be

bound

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland), Cap. 3% S3?

bound to preserve the Warrants of such Seizures or Sales, and Gmmnt enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose the Names of the Parties proceeded against, the Assessment due, the Expense of the Proceedings, and the true Proceeds of each Sale, which Book shall be open to the Inspection (without any Fee) of all Parties interested, for Three Months after the Date of each Sale respectively; and at any Time within that Period it shall be competent to any Party considering himself aggrieved to complain to any such Magistrate of anything done unjustly or oppressively in regard to such Seizure or Sale, such Complaints bong made in the Form of Petitions subscribed by the Complainer, and the Decision of such Magistrate shall be final; or otherwise the Collector shall be and he is hereby authorized and empowered to prosecute for and recover all or any Part of such Assessment in arrear before the Sheriff's Small Debt Court, or otherwise according to Law; and no Misnomer, Mistake, or In* formality committed in any Proceedings for Recovery of any Assessment under this Act shall prejudice the Recovery of such Assessment and Expenses, nor shall such Proceedings fall, lapse, cease, or abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Collector instituting the same, or by any Change in the Persons holding Office as Commissioners, but it shall be lawful for the Collector for the Time to prosecute and follow forth Procedure commenced and carried on in the Name of any previous Collect for in all respects as if such Procedure had been taken by himself: Provided always, that it shall not be competent for any Person to sue, nor for any Court of Law to entertain, any Action or Proceeding against the Commissioners, or the Cob lector or Officers or other Persons employed, in executing any Warrant in reference to any Assessment under this Act, by reason of any Mistake, Informality, or Misnomer, if the Goods or other Effects seized or sold under such Warrant were bona fide the Property or in the lawful Possession of the Person actually liable in Payment of such Assessment under the Provisions of this Act.

And with respect to Private and District Assessments under Private a*d Du* this Act for Sewers, Drains, and private Improvements, be it enacted as follows:

LXXIIL That where by this Act the Occupiers of any CommUnoner* Premises are made liable to the Payment of any Expenses which are directed to be recoverable as Private Improvement Ex- prorement Expenses, the Commissioners may charge foe Occupiers of such pense*. Premises respectively with special Rates, over and above any other Rates to which such Persons may be liable under this Act, after the yearly Rate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds on the Cost of such private Improvements respectively, such special Rates to be payable during Thirty Years next after such Expenses have been incurred.

LXXIV. That whenever any new Sewer shall be made the Where new Commissioners may charge the Occupiers of all Premises liable to contribute to the Rates for making the same with special 81oneri Sewer Rates, over and above any other Rates to which such make special

Persons Sewer Rmtes- Goode

288

Privmtetmd Dit-tricidnnmmmtt.

Commissioners may make a ge-nenlSewerlUte distinct from other Rates.

Sewer Rate to be of such Amount as to pay off Monies borrowed thereon in SO Years.

Cases where Rates may be charged upon separate and distinct Districts.

Rates to be levied on separate and distinct Districts.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Persons may be liable under this Act, after the yearly Rate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds on the Cost of making such new Sewer, such special Sewer Rates to be payable during Thirty Years next after such Expenses have been incurred.

LXXV. That the Commissioners may make a Sewer Rate to be called the general Sewer Rate, distinct from any other Rate which they may be authorized to make under this Act; and the Money to be raised by such general Sewer Rates shall be applied in maintaining and clearing the Sewers, and all other Expenses connected with such Sewers not herein otherwise provided for, or which may not be fully defrayed by the special Sewer Rates, and for securing and paying off' any Monies which may be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid on Security of the spemal Sewer Rates under the Provisions of this Act, and the Interest of such Monies which the special Sewer Rates shall be insufficient to defray.

LXXVI. That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time make the general Sewer Rate of such Amount as will with the special Sewer Rates raise Money sufficient not only to defray the current Expenses of maintaining the Sewers that shall have been purchased or made, but also to keep down the Interest of any Monies borrowed on Security of the special and general Sewer Rates, and to pay off the Principal of such Monies within a Period not longer than Thirty Years.

LXXVII. That where by this Act the Commissioners arc authorized to order that any Rate shall be levied by Assessments to be made for separate and distinct Districts, the Commissioners from Time to Time may order Assessments to be made in respect of the Rates authorized to be so levied upon separate and distinct Districts, and in such Case the Commissioners shall cause their Surveyor to describe and define in the Plan of the Burgh every such separate and distinct District for the Purposes of separate Rating as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require.

LXXVIII. That the Commissioners may in such Case, instead of making One Assessment for the whole Burgh, make separate and distinct Assessments, as Occasion shall require, for every such separate and distinct District respectively, and may appoint, if they see fit, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers for every such District, and they shall cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept of all Monies collected and received under any Rate in each distinct District, and of all Payments and Disbursements in respect thereof, and they shall apply the Monies to be collected and received from each distinct District under any such Rate as aforesaid for the several Purposes to which the same may be lawfully applied under the Authority of this Act, but so nevertheless that each District shall, as near as may be, bear its own Expenses; and in case any such Expenses shall apply to or be incurred in respect of Two or more Districts, the same shall be apportioned and divided between such Districts in a fair and equitable Manner.

LXXIX. That

1850.

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

239

PrhattandDhm triet Anfiment*.

Drainage Rate*.

LXXIX. That in all Cases when the Commissioners have paid or become liable to the Payment of any Expenses in constructing or laying any Drain or Pipe from any House or Building, or in providing any Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool for the Use of the Occupiers thereof, and when neither the Owner bot Occupier of such House or Building is willing to defray the said Expenses forthwith, the Commissioners shall lay Drainage Bates on the Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings respectively, to be continued for Six successive Years and no longer; and the Sum to be annually levied by every such Drainage Rate shall be One Fifth Part of the whole Expense incurred in constructing, laying, or providing such Drain, Privy,

Ashpit, or Cesspool as aforesaid, and shall be applied in satisfaction thereof; and the Amount of any such Drainage Bate may be added to any other Rate levied from the Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings, and recovered therewith by the like Ways and Means.

LXXX. That every Occupier of any such House or Building Occupiers may at a Rent not less than the Back Bent who has paid any such deduct Pro-Drainage Rate shall be entitled to deduct Three Fourths of drainage Rate the Bate so paid by him from the Bent payable by him to his from their Landlord; and every Occupier at a Bent less than the Back Rent *

Bent who has pud any such Drainage Bate shall be entitled to deduct from the Rent payable by him to his Landlord such Proportion of Three Fourths of the Bate* so paid by him as the Bent payable by him bears to the Back Bent.

LXXXI. That, without the written Consent of the Owner Limitation of of any such House or Building, the Commissioners shall not be empowered to expend during any Term of Six successive Years Draii^&c. more in the whole than One Year's Back Bent thereof in constructing or laying'any such Pipe or Drain, or in providing any such Privy, Cesspool, or Ashpit.

LXXXII. That all Private and District Assessments levi- Anewment able under this Act may be imposed and levied yearly, half- yearly, or at such other Periods as the Commissioners think fit, to

and shall be payable at such Times as they appoint; and at the entered and Meeting imposing the same the Commissioners shall appoint disputed of. a Day on which such Assessments shall be payable, and another Day on which Appeals by any Parties complaining that they have been improperly assessed may be lodged with the Clerk, and another Day or Days on which Appeals in reference to such Assessments shall be heard by the Commissioners; and Notice to each Party intended to be so assessed, stating the Particulars of the intended Assessment as regards such Party, and specifying the several Days fixed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be sent by the Clerk through the Post Office at least Four Weeks preceding the Day which may be fixed for hearing the Appeal of such Party, and the Decision of the Commis-skners upon all such Appeals shall be final; and the Commissioners may rectify or alter any Private or District Assessment as regards any Person liable to be assessed therefor, by whom an Appeal may be taken by Letter to the Clerk, lodged with [No* IS. Price 2<£] Q him

by

2fO

PrivaU and District Auessments,

Recovery of Private and District Assessments.

Application of surplus Assessment.

Constables, jpc.

Appointment of Superintendent of Police and of Constables.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

him on or before such Day for lodging Appeals as the Commissioners shall have fixed as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person considering himself aggrieved by any Private or District Assessment imposed as aforesaid to appeal from the Decision of the Commissioners to the Sheriff in the Manner and to the Effect herein-after mentioned.

LXXXIII. That as soon as may be after disposing of the Appeals against any Private or District Assessment, the Commissioners shall cause to be made up a Boll or Book of Assessment applicable thereto, and the same, or a Copy thereof, docqueted and signed by any Two of the Commissioners, shall forthwith be delivered over to the Collector as the Rule for levying and collecting the said Assessments; and if the said Assessments shall not be paid when the same fall due, the Commissioners may authorize the Collector, by a Docquet to that Effect endorsed on the said Boll or Book of Assessment, and signed by any Two of their Number, to take legal Proceedings for Recovery of the same; and the Collector may present such Boll or Book of Assessment, or a Copy thereof, docqueted, signed, and endorsed as aforesaid, to any One of the Magistrates of Police, or other Magistrates of the Burgh, and thereupon the whole Provisions of this Act in reference to the Recovery of any other Assessments by this Act authorized shall apply to and be available for the Recovery of such Private and District Assessments.

LXXXIV. That if any Surplus of the Assessment for General Purposes under this Act, or any Surplus of any other Assessment under this Act, shall remain at the End of any Year, after the whole Expenses for which such Assessment was imposed and levied shall have been paid or provided for, every such Surplus respectively shall be applied towards the same Purpose in the Year following, so that such Assessment may be proportionally diminished; and if any such Assessment for any Year shall not be sufficient for the Purpose for which it was imposed and levied, the Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make Provision for the "Payment of such Deficiency in the following and subsequent Years until the same shall be fully paid: Provided always, that the Rates hereby authorized to be levied shall in no One Year be exceeded.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the Appointment, Powers, Duties, and Privileges of Constables, be it enacted as follows:

LXXXV. That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, at a fixed annual Salary, a Superintendent of Police, who shall not be removable or subject to have his Salary diminished by the Commissioners, unless with the Approbation of the Chief Magistrate of the Burgh and the Sheriff, or, in case of their differing in Opinion, of Her Majesty's Advocate for the Time being; and as often as the Commissioners shall fix the Number of Constables which they shall judge necessary for the Burgh, the said Superintendent of.Police is hereby authorized

and

1S50.

PoKce and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

241

md empowered to appoint proper Persons for the above Duty, C<m*abU$t fc.

and to direct their Distribution within the Burgh, and to remove -

them at Pleasure.

LXXXVI. That it shall be the Duty of the Superintendent Dutie* of Su-of Police, and of the Constables to be appointed by him, to penntendent of guard, patrol, and watch within the Burgh, according to the Regulations to be prescribed by the Superintendent of Police under the Control of the Commissioners, to bring before the Magistrates of Police all Persons who may be found within the Burgh actually committing any criminal, riotous, or disorderly Conduct or Act, or accused or suspected of having committed Crimes, Delinquencies, or Offences, of whatsoever Description, and at what Place and Period soever the same may have been or are suspected to have been committed, whether the same be of such a Kind as can be competently tried before the Magistrates of Police, or be of a Nature requiring to be remitted for Trial before a higher Tribunal, or which, from having been committed beyond the Bounds of the Burgh, fall to be tried in another Jurisdiction, and to carry into full Effect the whole Provisions and Regulations herein contained, and any Roles, Regulations, or Bye Laws which may be made under this Act for the proper guarding, patrolling, and watching within the Burgh; and the Superintendent of Police and Constables shall at all Times afford their Aid and Assistance to the Magistrates of Police, and all other Judges and Magistrates having Jurisdiction within the Burgh, in all Matters relating to the Preservation of Peace and good Order, the Suppression of Nuisances, and the Removal of Obstructions within the Burgh; tad they shall give Attendance at the Police Courts of the Bmcgh, and, when required, at all Meetings of the Commissioners or their Committees, and furnish them with all Explanations relating to Matters falling within their several Departments of Duty.

LXXXVII. That the Superintendent of Police and Con- Power* and tables shall have all the Powers and Privileges appertaining for ^rivi, ^e* of the Time being to any Constable by the Law of Scotland, as of ^k^and* veil as all the Powers and Privileges specially conferred on Constables. Constables by this Act; and the Superintendent of Police shall be a Constable within the Meaning of this Act.

LXXXVIJX That no Constable appointed under this Act Constables not shall resign his Office, or withdraw himself from the Duties wilh"

thereof, unless expressly allowed so to do in Writing by the n^u*.* °* Commissioners or by the Superintendent of Police, or until after he has given to the Superintendent of Police One Month's Notice; and every Constable who so resigns or withdraws himself without such Leave or Notice shall be liable to forfeit aO Arrears of Pay then due to him, or to a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Fourteen Days.

LXXXIX. That every Constable appointed under this Act Constable* dU-who is dismissed from or ceases to hold and exercise his Office fall forthwith deliver over to the Superintendent of Police, or ^utremenu. ..... - - Q 2 to

242

Constablet, £c.

Penalty for un-la irfu I Possession of Accoutrements, or for assuming the Dress of Constables.

Penalty for Neglect of Duty.

Power to provide Offices, Watch-houses,

Ac.

Obstructions and Nuisances.

Power to prevent Obstructions in the Streets during public Processions, & c.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

to such Person and at such Time and Place as the Commissioners direct, all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries which have been supplied to him for the Execution of his Duty, under pain of Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Month; and the Sheriff or any Magistrate may grant Warrant to search for and seize, for the Use of the Commissioners, all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries not so delivered over, wherever the same are found.

XC. That every Person who, not being at the Time a Constable appointed under this Act, has in his Possession any Article being Part of the Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments supplied to any such Constable, and who is not able satisfactorily to account for his Possession thereof, or who puts on the Dress or takes the Name, Designation, or Character of any Person appointed as such Constable, for the Purpose of thereby obtaining Admission into any House or other Place, or of doing or procuring to be done any Act which such Person would not be entitled to do or procure to be done of his own Authority, or for any other unlawful Purpose, shall, in addition to any other Punishment to which he is liable for such Offence, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCL That every Constable who is guilty of any Neglect or Violation of his Duty as a Constable, and convicted thereof before the Sheriff or a Magistrate, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, the Amount of which Penalty may be deducted from the Salary or Wages due to him or to become due to him, or, in the Discretion of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom he is convicted, lie may lawfully be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Month, with or without hard Labour.

XCII. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time purchase or rent any Buildings or Land, and convert such Buildings into, or build on such Land, Offices, Watch-houses, Lock-up Houses, Prisons and other Places necessary for the Purposes of this Act, with all proper Conveniences thereto, and may repair the same from Time to Time, and furnish and fit up the same, and employ proper Persons to take care thereof.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Obstructions and Nuisances in the Streets, be it enacted as follows:

XCIII. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time make Orders for the Route to be observed by all Carts, Carriages, Horses, and Persons, and for preventing Obstruction of the Streets of the Burgh, in all Times of public Processions, Rejoicings, or Illuminations, and in any Case when the Streets are thronged or liable to be obstructed, and may also give Directions to the Constables for keeping Order and preventing any Obstruction of the Streets in the Neighbourhood of Theatres and other Places of public Resort; and every wilful Breach of any such Order shall be deemed an Offence against this Act, and every Person committing any such Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

1850.

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

24a

XCIV. That if any Cattle be at any Time found at large Obttructiom in any Street of the Burgh without any Person having the and NuitanCC$-Charge thereof, any Constable or Officer of Police, or any Per- power im-son residing within the Burgh, may seize and impound such pound stray Cattle, and may detain the same until the Owner thereof pay Cattle, to the Commissioners a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, besides the reasonable Expenses of impounding and keeping such Cattle.

XCV. That if the said Penalty and Expenses be not paid power to sell within Three Days after such impounding, the Person by whom *tr«y Cattle for each Cattle were seized and impounded as aforesaid, or other ^enalty *nd Person appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, may xpense* proceed to sell such Cattle or cause the same to be sold; but previous to such Sale Seven Days Notice thereof shall be given to or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of the Owner of such Cattle, if he be known, or if not, then Notice of such intended Sale shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted Seven Days before such Sale in some Newspaper published or circulated within the Burgh in which the Seizure was made; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sums, and the Expenses aforesaid, and all other Expenses attending the impounding, advertising, keeping and Sale of any such Cattle so impounded, shall be paid to the Commissioners, and shall be by them paid, on Demand, to the Owner of the Cattle so sold.

XCVI. That every Person who in any Street, to the Ob- Penalty on straction, Annoyance, or Danger of the Residents or Passengers, Pctsods corn-commits any of the following Offences, shall be liable to a Jh^offencL0 Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence, or, in herein named, the Discretion of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom he is convicted, may be committed to Prison, there to remain for a Period not exceeding Fourteen Days; and any Constable or other Officer appointed by virtue of this Act shall take into Custody, without Warrant, and forthwith convey before the Sheriff or a Magistrate, any Person who within his View commits any such Offence; (that is to say,)

Every Person who exposes for Show, Hire, or Sale (except in a Market or Market Place or Fair lawfully appointed for that Purpose) any Horse or other Animal; or exhibits in a Caravan or otherwise any Show or public Entertainment; or shoes, bleeds, or fames any Horse or Animal (except in Cases of Accident); or cleans, dresses, exercises, trains, or breaks or turns loose any Horse or Animal; or makes or repairs any Part of any Cart or Carriage (except in Cases of Accident where Repair on the Spot is necessary):

Every Person who suffers to be at large any unmuzzled ferocious Dog, or sets on or urges any Dog or other Animal to attack, worry, or put in fear any Person or Animal:

Every Owner of any Dog who suffers such Dog to go at large, knowing or having reasonable Ground for believing it to be in a rabid State, or to have been bitten by any Dog or other Animal in a rabid State:

Di(

by

244

Obttrwotioau and Nuisances.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland), 13 & 14 VICT.

Every Person who, after public Notice given by any Sheriff or Magistrate directing Dogs to be confined on account of Suspicion of Canine Madness, suffers any Dog to be at large during the Time specified in such Notice:

Every Person who slaughters or dresses any Cattle, or any Part thereof, except in the Case of any Cattle over driven which may have met with any Accident, and which for the public Safety or other reasonable Cause ought to be killed ' on the Spot:

Every Person having the Care of any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage who rides on the Shafts thereof; or who, without having Reins, and holding the same, rides upon such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, or on any Animal drawing the same; or who is at such a Distance from such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage as not to have due Control over every Animal drawing the same; or who does not, in meeting any other Carriage, keep his Waggon, Cart, or Carriage to the Left or Near Side, or who in passing any other Carriage does not keep his Waggon, Cart, or Carriage on the Right or Off Side of the Road (except in Cases of actual Necessity, or some sufficient Reason for Deviation); or who, by obstructing the Street, wilfully prevents any Person or Carriage from passing him, or any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage under his Care:

Every Person who at One Time drives more than Two Carts or Waggons, and every Person driving Two Carts or Waggons who has not the Halter of the Horse in the last Cart or Waggon securely fastened to the Back of the first Cart or Waggon, or has such Halter of a greater Length from such Fastening to the Horse's Head than Four Feet:

Every Person who rides or drives furiously any Horse or Carriage, or drives furiously any Cattle:

Every Person who causes any public Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, with or without Horses, or any Beast of Burden, to stand longer than is necessary for loading or unloading Goods, or for taking up or setting down Passengers (except Hackney Carriages, and Horses and other Beasts of Draught or Burden, standing for Hire in any Place appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners or other lawful Authority); and every Person who, by means of any Cart, Carriage, Sledge, 1 Truck or Barrow, or any Animal, or other Means, wilfully interrupts any public Crossing, or wilfully causes any Obstruction in any public Footpath or other public Thoroughfare:

Every Person who causes any Tree or Timber, or Iron Beam, to be drawn in or upon any Carriage, without having sufficient Means of safely guiding the same:

Every Person who leads or rides any Horse or other Animal, or draws or drives any Cart or Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, upon any Footway of any Street, or fastens any Horse or other Animal so that it stands across or upon any Footway:

Every

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Every Person who places or leaves any Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Cask, Tub, Basket, Pail, or Bucket, or places or uses any Standing-place, Stool, Bench, Stall, or Showboard on any Footway, or who places any Blind, Shade, Covering, Awning, or other Projection over or along any such Footway, unless such Blind, Shade, Covering, Awning, or other Projection is Eight Feet in Height at least in every Part thereof from the Ground:

Every Person who places, hangs up, or otherwise exposes to Sale any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, so that the same project into or over any Footway, or beyond the Line of any House, Shop, or Building at which the same are so exposed, so as to ob-. struct or incommode the Passage of any Person over or along such Footway:

Every Person who rolls or carries any Cask, Tub, Hoop, or Wheel, or any Ladder, Plank, Pole, Timber, or Log of Wood, upon any Footway, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading any Cart or Carriage, or of crossing the Footway:

Every Person who places any Line, Cord, or Pole across any Street, or hangs or places any Clothes thereon:

Every common Prostitute or Nightwalker loitering and importuning Passengers for the Purpose of Prostitution: Every Person who wilfully and indecently exposes his Person: Every Person who publicly offers for Sale or Distribution, or exhibits to public View, any profane, indecent, or obscene Book, Paper, Print, Drawing, Painting, or Representation, or sings any profane or obscene Song or Ballad:

Every Person who wantonly discharges any Fire-arm, or throws or discharges any Stone or other Missile, or makes any Bonfire, or throws or sets fire to any Firework:

Every Person who wilfully and wantonly disturbs any Inhabitant, by pulling or ringing any Door Bell, or knocking at any Door; or who wilfully and unlawfully extinguishes the Light of any Lamp:

Every Person who flies any Kite, or who makes or uses any Slide upon Ice or Snow:

Every Person who cleanses, hoops, fires, washes, or scalds any Cask or Tub, or hews, saws, bores, or cuts any Timber or Stone, or slacks, sifts, or screens any Lime:

Every Person who throws or lays down any Stones, Coals, Slate, Shells, Lime, Bricks, Timber, Iron, or other Materials (except Building Materials so enclosed as to prevent Mischief to Passengers):

Every Person who beats or shakes any Carpet, Rug, or Mat (except Rugs or Mats beaten or shaken before the Hour of Eight in the Morning):

Every Person who fixes or places any Flower Pot or Box, or other heavy Article, in any upper Window, without sufficiently guarding the same against being blown down:

246

Obttruction* and Nuisances.

246

Obstructions and Nuisaness.

Penalty on drunken Persons, &c. guilty of riotous or indecent Behaviour.

Fire#.

Penalty for wilfully setting Chimneys on fire.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

Every Person who throws from the Roof or any Part of any House or other Building any Slate, Brick, Wood, Rubbish, or other Thing, except Snow thrown so as not to fall on any Passenger:

Every Occupier of any House or other Building, or other Person, who orders or permits any Person in his Service to stand on the Sill of any Window, in order to clean, paint, or perform any other Operation upon the Outside of such Window, or upon any House or other Building, unless such Window be in the sunk or Basement Story:

Every Person who leaves open any Vault or Cellar, or the Entrance from any Street to any Cellar or Room underground, without a sufficient Fence or Handrail, or leaves, defective the Door, Window, or other Covering of any Vault or Cellar, or who does not sufficiently fence any Area, Pit, or Sewer left open, or who leaves such open Area, Pit, or Sewer without a sufficient Light after Sunset to warn and prevent Persons from falling thereinto:

Every Person who throws or lays any Dirt, Litter, or Ashes, or Nightsoil, or any Carrion, Fish, Offal, or Rubbish, on any Street, or Sea Beach or Strand within the Boundaries of a Burgh, or causes any offensive Matter to run from any Manufactory, Brewery, Slaughter-house, Butcher's Shop, or Dunghill, into any Street: Provided always, -

that it shall not be deemed an Offence to lay Sand or other Materials in any Street in Time of Frost, to prevent Accidents, or Litter or other suitable Materials to prevent the freezing of Water in Pipes, or in case of Sickness to prevent Noise, if the Party laying any such Things causes them to be removed as soon as the Occasion for them ceases:

Every Person who keeps any Pigstye to the Front of any Street, not being shut out from such Street by a sufficient Wall or Fence, or who keeps any Swine in or near any Street, so as to be a common Nuisance.

XCVII. Every Person drunk in any Street, and guilty of any riotous or indecent Behaviour therein, and also every Person guilty of any violent or indecent Behaviour in any Police Office or any Police Station House within the Burgh, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, or, in the Discretion of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom he is convicted, to Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Seven Days.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs and to Fires, be it enacted as follows:

XCVIII. That every Person who wilfully sets or causes to be set on fire any Chimney within the Burgh shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt the Person so setting or causing to be set on fire any Chimney from Liability to be indicted or prosecuted therefor before any Criminal Court

XCIX. That

247

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33#

XCIX- That if any Chimney within the Burgh accidentally catch or be on fire, the Person occupying or using the Premises in which such Chimney is situated shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings: Provided always, that such Forfeiture shall not be incurred if such Person prove to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom the Case is heard that such Fire was in nowise owing to Omission, Neglect, or Carelessness of himself or Servant.

C. That the Commissioners may purchase or provide such Engines for extinguishing Fire, and such Water Buckets, Pipes, and other Appurtenances for such Engines, and such Fire Escapes and other Implements for Safety or Use in case of Fire-and may purchase, keep, or hire such Horses for drawing such Engines, as they think fit, and may build, provide, or hire Places for keeping such Engines with their Appurtenances, and may employ a proper Number of Persons to act as Firemen, and may make such Rules for their Regulation as they think proper, and give such Firemen and other Persons such Salaries and such Rewards for their Exertions in Cases of Fire as they think fit.

CL That the Commissioners may send such Engines, with their Appurtenances, and the said Firemen, beyond the Boundaries of the Burgh, for extinguishing Fire in the Neighbourhood of the Burgh; and the Owner of the Premises where such Fire shall have happened shall in such Case defray the actual Expense which may be thereby incurred, and shall also pay to the Commissioners a reasonable Charge for the Use of such Engines with their Appurtenances, and for the Attendance of such Firemen; and in case of any Difference between the Commissioners and the Owner of such Premises, the Amount of the said Expenses and Charge, as well as the Propriety of sending the said Engines and Firemen as aforesaid for extinguishing such Fire (if the Propriety thereof be disputed), shall be determined by the Sheriff whose Decision shall be final; and the Amount of the said Expenses and Charge shall be recovered by the Commissioners as Damages.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs and to Places of public Resort, be it enacted as follows:

CIL That every Victualler or Keeper of any Public House, or Person licensed to sell Wine, Spirits, Beer, Cider, or other fermented or distilled Liquors by Retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Premises, within the Burgh, who knowingly harbours or entertains or suffers to remain in his Public House or Place wherein he carries on his Business any Constable during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, unless for the Purpose of quelling any Disturbance or restoring Order, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Smllings.

CUL That every Person keeping any House, Shop, Room, or other Place of public Resort within the Burgh for the Sale or Consumption of Refreshments of any Kind, who knowingly suffers common Prostitutes or reputed Thieves to assemble at

and

Fire*.

Penalty for accidentally allowing Chimneys to catch fire.

Fire Engines may be provided and Firemen employed by the Commissioners.

Fire Police permitted to go beyond the Limit* of the Burgh in certain Cases.

Placet of public Retort.

Penalty on Victuallers entertaining Constables while on Duty.

Penalty for harbouring disorderly Persona.

Placet of public Retort.

Penalty on Persons keeping Places for baiting Animals; and on Persons found therein.

Hackney

Carriages,

Hackney Carriages to be licensed.

What to be Hackney Carriages.

Fee to be paid for Licences.

Persons applying for Licence to sign a Requisition for same.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

and continue in his Premises, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CIV. Every Person who within the Burgh keeps or uses or acts in the Management of any House, Room, Pit, or other Place for the Purpose of fighting, baiting, or worrying any Animals shall be liable to a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds, or, in the Discretion of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom he is convicted, to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for a Time not exceeding One Month; and the Commissioners may, by Order in Writing, authorize the Superintendent of Police, with such Constables as he thinks necessary, to enter any Premises kept or used for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and take into Custody all Persons found therein without lawful Excuse, and every Person so found shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings; and a Conviction for this Offence shall not exempt the Owner, Keeper, or Manager of any such House, Room, Pit, or Place from any penal Consequence to which he is liable for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs and to Hackney Carriages, be it enacted as follows:

CV. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time license to ply for Hire within Five Miles from the General Post Office of the Burgh such Number of Hackney Coaches or Carriages of any Kind or Description adapted to the Carriage of Persons as they think fit.

CVI. That every wheeled Carriage, whatever may be its Form or Construction, used in standing or plying for Hire in any Street within such prescribed Distance, and every Carriage standing upon any Street within such prescribed Distance, having thereon any numbered Plate required by this Act to be fixed upon a Hackney Carriage, or having thereon any Plate resembling or intended to resemble any such Plate as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a Hackney Carriage within the Meaning of this Act; and in all Proceedings at Law or otherwise the Term " Hackney Carriage " shall be sufficient to describe any such Carriage: Provided always, that no Stage Coach used for the Purpose of standing or plying for Passengers to be carried for Hire at separate Fares, and duly licensed for that Purpose, and having thereon the proper numbered Plates required by Law to be placed on such Stage Coaches, shall be deemed to be a Hackney Carriage within the Meaning of this Act.

CVII. That for every such Licence there shall be paid to the Clerk or other Person appointed by them to receive the same such Sum as the Commissioners direct, not exceeding Five Shillings.

CVIII. That before any such Licence is granted a Requisition for the same, in such Form as the Commissioners may from Time to Time provide for that Purpose, shall be made and signed by the Proprietor or One of the Proprietors of the Hackney Carriage in respect of which such Licence is applied for, and in every such Requisition shall be truly stated the

Name

18501 PoSce dad Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 249

Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Person applying Hmdkney for such Licence, and of every Proprietor or part Proprietor C*rriagts. of such Carriage, or Person concerned, either solely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of such Carriage; and any Person who, on applying for such Licence, states in such Requisition the Name of any Person who is not a Proprietor or part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who is not concerned as aforesaid in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of such Carriage, and also any Person who wilfully omits to specify truly in such Requisition as aforesaid the Name of any Person who is a Proprietor or part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who is concerned as aforesaid in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of such Carriage, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CLX. That in every such Licence shall be specified the What shall be Name and Surname and Place of Abode of every Person who *P?cified in the is a Proprietor or part Proprietor of the Hackney Carriage in oeDC*' respect of which such Licence is granted, or who is concerned, either solely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of any such Carriage, and also the Number of such Licence which shall correspond with the Number to be painted or marked on the Plates to be fixed on such Carriage, together with such other Particulars as the Commissioners think fit.

CX. That every Licence shall be made out by the Clerk of Licences to be the Commissioners, and duly entered in a Book to be provided regi*te<l* by him for that Purpose, and in such Book shall be contained Columns or Places for Entries to be made of every 'Offence committed by any Proprietor or Driver or Person attending such Carriage; and any Person may at any reasonable Time such Book without Fee or Reward.

1. That every Licence so to be granted shall be signed Licence to be in by Two or more of the Commissioners, and shall not include One

more than One Carriage so licensed, and shall be in force for 611 on y' One Year only from the Day of the Date of such Licence, or until the next General Licensing Meeting, in case any General Licensing Day be appointed by die Commissioners.

CX1L That so often as any Person named in any such Notice to be Licence as the Proprietor or One of the Proprietors, or as r° *

being concerned either solely or in Partnership with any Person Hackly Car-in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of any such Carriage* of any riage, changes his Place of Abode, he shall, within Seven Days of next after such Change, give Notice thereof in Writing, signed v by him, to the Commissioners, specifying in such Notice his new Place of Abode; and he shall at same Time produce such Licence at the Office of the Commissioners, who shall, by their Clerk or some other Officer, endorse thereon and sign a Memorandum specifying the Particulars of such Change; and any Person named in any such Licence as aforesaid as the Proprietor or One of the Proprietors of any Hackney Carriage, or as being concerned as aforesaid, who changes his Place of Abode, and

Mackneg Carriage».

Penalty for ply ing for Hire without m Li-

Driven not to act without first obtaining a Licence.

Penalty on Drivers acting without Li-

Proprietor to retain Licence of Drivers when in his Employ, and to produce the same when summoned.

Magistrates may endorse Convictions upon Licence.

Penalty on Proprietors for Neglect.

Cap. 33. Police andlmprovement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

neglects or wilfully omits to give Notice of such Change, or to produce such Licence in order that such Memorandum as aforesaid may be endorsed thereon within the Time and in the Manner limited and directed by this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CXIII. That if the Proprietor or part Proprietor of any Carriage, or any Person so concerned as aforesaid, permits the same to be used as a Hackney Carriage plying for Hire within such prescribed Distance, without having obtained a Licence as aforesaid for such Carriage, or during the Time that such Licence is suspended as herein-after provided, or if any Person be found driving, standing, or plying for Hire with any Carriage within such prescribed Distance, for which such Licence as aforesaid has not been previously obtained, or without having the Number of such Carriage corresponding with the Number of the Licence openly displayed on such Carnage, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CXIV. That no Person shall act as Driver of any Hackney Carriage licensed in pursuance of this Act to ply for Hire within such prescribed Distance without first obtaining a Licence from the Commissioners, which Licence shall be registered by the Clerk to the Commissioners, and a Fee of One Shilling shall be paid for the same; and every such Licence shall be in force until the same is revoked, except during the Time that the same may be suspended as after mentioned.

CXV. That if any Person acts as such Driver as aforesaid without having obtained such Licence or during the Time that his Licence is suspended, or if he lend or part with his Licence, except to the Proprietor of the Hackney Carriage, or if the Proprietor of any Hackney Carriage employ any Person as the Driver thereof who has not obtained such Licence, or during the Time that his Licence is suspended as herein-after provided, every such Driver and every such Proprietor shall for every such Offence respectively be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

CXVI. That in every Case in which the Proprietor of any Hackney Carriage permits or employs any licensed Person to act as the Driver thereof, such Proprietor shall cause to be delivered to him, and shall retain in his Possession, the Licence of such Driver while such Driyer remains in his Employ; and in all Cases of Complaint, where the Proprietor of a Hackney Carriage is summoned to attend before the Sheriff or a Magistrate, or to produce the Driver, the Proprietor so summoned shall also produce the Licence of such Driver, if he be then in his Employ; and if any Driver complained of be adjudged guilty of the Offence alleged against him, such Sheriff or Magistrate shall make an Endorsement upon the Licence of such Driver, stating the Nature of the Offence and the Amount of the Penalty inflicted; and if any such Proprietor neglect to have delivered to him and to retain in his Possession the Licence of any Driver while such Driver remains in his Employ, or if he

refuse

251

1850, Police and Improvement (Scotland), Cap. 33.

refuse or neglect to produce such Licence as aforesaid, such Proprietor shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CXVII. That when any Driver leaves the Service of the Proprietor by whom he is employed without having been guilty of any Misconduct, such Proprietor shall forthwith return to such Driver the Licence belonging to him; but if such Driver have been guilty of any Misconduct, the Proprietor shall not return his Licence, but shall give him Notice of the Complaint which he intends to prefer against him, and shall forthwith summon such Driver to appear before the Sheriff or a Magistrate to answer the said Complaint; and such Sheriff or Magistrate, having the necessary Parties before him, shall inquire into and determine the Matter of Complaint, and if upon Inquiry it appear that the Licence of such Driver has been improperly withheld, such Sheriff or Magistrate shall direct the immediate Redelivery of such Licence, and award such Sum of Money as he thinks proper to be paid by such Proprietor to such Driver by way of Compensation.

CXVm. That the Commissioners may, upon the Conviction for the Second Time of the Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage for any Offence under the Provisions of this Act with respect to Hackney Carriages, or any Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, suspend or revoke, as they deem right, the Licence of any such Proprietor or Driver.

CXIX. That no Hackney Carriage shall be used or employed or let to Hire, or shall stand or ply for Hire, within such prescribed Distance, unless the Number of Persons to be carried by such Hackney Carriage, in Words at Length, and in Form following, (that is to say,) " To carry Persons," be

painted on a Plate placed on some conspicuous Place on the Outside of such Carriage, and in legible Letters, so as to be dearly distinguishable from the Colour of the Ground whereon the same are painted, One Inch in Length, and of a proportionate Breadth; and the Driver of any Hackney Carriage shall not be required to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage a greater Number of Persons than the Number painted thereon.

CXX. That if the Proprietor of any Hackney Carriage permit the same to be used, employed, or let to Hire, or if any Person stand or ply for Hire with such Carriage, without having the Number of Persons to be carried thereby painted and exhibited in manner aforesaid, or if the Driver of any Hackney Carriage refuse, when required by the Hirer thereof, to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage the Number of Persons painted thereon, or any less Number, every Proprietor or Driver so offending shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CXXL That any Driver of a Hackney Carriage standing at any of the Stands for Hackney Carriages appointed by the Commissioners, or in any Street, who refuses or neglects, without reasonable Excuse, to drive such Carriage to any Place within such prescribed Distance, or any Distance to be appointed by any

7

Hatknty

CarriaQtt '

Proprietor to return Licence to Drivers when quitting his Service if they behave well, if otherwise, Proprietor to summon them.

Compensation in case of Licence being improperly with* held.

Licences to be suspended or revoked for Misconduct.

Number of Persons to be carried in a Hackney Carriage to be painted thereon.

Penalty for Neglect or for Refbsal to carry the prescribed Number.

Penalty on Driver for refusing to drive.

Hmchujf Carriagm *

Penalty for demanding more than the Sum agreed for, though less than the legal Fare.

Agreement to pay more than the legal Fare not to be binding, and Sum paid beyond the proper Fare may be recovered back.

Driver to carry, under an Agreement for a discretionary Distance, the Distance to which Hirer is entitled for the Fare.

Overcharge by Hackney Coachmen, &c. to be included in Conviction, and returned to aggrieved Party.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

any Bye Law of the Commissioners, not exceeding such prescribed Distance, to which he is directed to driye by the Person hiring or wishing to hire such Carriage, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CXXII. That if the Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage, or if any other Person on his Behalf, agree beforehand with any Person hiring such Hackney Carriage to take for any Job a Sum less than the Fare allowed by this Act, or any Bye Law made thereunder, such Proprietor or Driver shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings if he exact or demand for such Job more than the Fare so agreed upon.

That no Agreement whatever made with the Driver, or with any Person having or pretending to have the Care of any Hackney Carriage, for the Payment of more than the Fare allowed by any Bye Law made under this Act, shall be binding on the Person making the same, and any such Person may, notwithstanding such Agreement, refuse, on discharging such Hackney Carriage, to pay any Sum beyond the Fare allowed as aforesaid; and if any Person actually pay to the Driver of any Hackney Carriage, whether in pursuance of any such Agreement or otherwise, any Sum exceeding the Fare to which such Driver was entitled, the Person paying the same shall be entitled, on Complaint made against such Driver before the Sheriff or a Magistrate, to recover back the Sum paid beyond the proper Fare, and moreover such Driver shall be liable to a Penalty for such Exaction not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in default of the Repayment by such Driver of such Excess of Fare, or of Payment of the said Penalty, the Sheriff or Magistrate shall forthwith commit such Driver to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Mouthy unless the said Excess of Fare and the said Penalty be sooner paid.

CXXIV. That if the Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage, or if any other Person on his Behalf, agree with any Person to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage Persons not exceeding in Number the Number so painted on such Carriage as aforesaid, for a Distance to be in the Discretion of such Proprietor or Driver, and for a Sum agreed upon, such Proprietor or Driver shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings if the Distance which he carries such Persons be under that to which they were entitled to be carried for the Sum so agreed upon according to the Fare allowed by any Bye-Law made under this Act.

CXXV. That every Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage who is convicted of taking as a Fare a greater Sum than is authorized by any Bye Law made under this Act shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, and such Penalty may be recovered before the Sheriff or a Magistrate; and in the Conviction of such Proprietor or Driver an Order may be included for Payment of the Sum so overcharged, over and above the Penalty and Costs, and such Overcharge shall be

185a

258

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

be retained to the Party aggrieved, whose Evidence shall be Haehuy admissible in Proof of such Offence. Carriages.

CXXVI. That any Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Penalty for per-Carriage which is hired who permits or suffers any Person to mining Persons he carried in or upon or about such Hackney Carriage during such Hire, without the express Consent of the Person hiring Hirer" ° the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

CXXVII. That no Person authorized by the Proprietor of No Person to any Hackney Carriage to act as Driver of such Carriage shall act ft£j^lver of suffer any other Person to act as Driver of such Carriage with- Without "he C' out the Consent of the Proprietor thereof, and no Person, Consent of the whether licensed or not, shall act as Driver of any such Carriage ProPr, etor* without the Consent of the Proprietor; and any Person so suffering another Person to act as Driver, and any Person so acting as Driver, without such Consent as aforesaid, shall be HaMe to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

CXXVIII. That if the Driver or any other Person having Penalty on or pretending to have the Care of any Hackney Carriage be Driter*rais-intoxicated while driving, or if any such Driver or other Person bchaTing' by wanton and furious Driving, or by any other wilful Misconduct, injure or endanger any Person in his Life, Limbs, or Property, he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom he is convicted of such Offence may commit him to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Two Months.

CXXIX. That if the Driver of any Hackney Carriage leave Penalty for it in any Street or at any Place of public Resort or Enter- Car-tamment, whether it be hired or not, without some one proper ^t^aces to take care of it, any Constable may drive away such Hackney of public Re-Carriage, and deposit it, and the Horse or Horses harnessed >ort-thereto, at some neighbouring Livery Stable or other Place of safe Custody; and such Driver shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings for such Offence; and in default of Payment of the Baid Penalty upon Conviction, and of the Expenses of taking and keeping the said Hackney Carriage and Horse or Horses, the same, together with the Harness belonging thereto, or any of them, shall be sold by Order of the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom such Conviction is made; and after deducting from the Produce of such Sale the Amount of the said Penalty, and of all Costs and Expenses, as well of the Proceedings before such Sheriff or Magistrate as of the taking, keeping, and Sale of such Hackney Carriage, and of such Horse or Horses and Harness, the Surplus (if any) of the said Produce shall be paid to the Proprietor of such Hackney Carriage.

CXXX. That in every Case in which any Hurt or Damage Damage done has been caused to any Person or Property as aforesaid by the by Driver may Driver of any Carriage let to Hire, the Sheriff or Magistrate j^Pro-before whom such Driver has been convicted may direct that pH^for.* °" the Proprietor of such Carriage shall pay such Sum not exceed-

Hackney Carriage*.

Improperly standing with Carriage, refusing to give way to or obstructing any other Driver, or depriving him of his Fare.

Compensation may be awarded to Drivers for Loss of Time in attending to answer Complaints not substantiated.

Penalty for re- fusing to pay the Fare.

Penalty for damaging Carriage.

Commissioners may make Bye Laws for regulating Hackney Carriages.

Cap. 33- Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

ing Five Pounds as appears to such Sheriff or Magistrate a reasonable Compensation for such Hurt or Damage; and every Proprietor who pays any such Compensation as aforesaid may recover the same from the Driver; and such Compensation shall be recoverable from such Proprietor, and by him from such Driver, as Damages.

CXXXI. That any Driver of any Hackney Carriage who suffers the same to stand for Hire across any Street or along* side of any other Hackney Carriage, or who refuses to give way, if he conveniently can, to any other Carriage, or who obstructs or hinders the Driver of any other Carriage in taking up or setting down any Person into or from such other Carriage, or who wrongfully in a forcible Manner prevents or endeavours to prevent the Driver of any other Hackney Carriage from being hired, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

CXXXII. That if the Driver of any Hackney Carriage be summoned or brought before the Sheriff or any Magistrate to answer any Complaint or Information touching or concerning any Offence alleged to have been committed by such Driver against the Provisions of any Bye Law made under this Act, and such Complaint or Information be afterwards withdrawn or quashed or dismissed, or if such Driver be acquitted of the Offence charged against him, such Sheriff or Magistrate, if he think fit, may order the Complainer or Informer to pay to such Driver such Compensation for his Loss of Time in attending such Sheriff or Magistrate touching or concerning such Complaint or Information as to such Sheriff or Magistrate seems reasonable; and in default of Payment of such Compensation such Sheriff or Magistrate may commit such Complainer or Informer to Prison for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless the same shall be sooner paid.

CXXXIII. That if any Person refuse to pay, on Demand, to any Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage, the Fare allowed by any Bye Law made under this Act, such Fare may, together with Costs, be recovered before the Sheriff or any Magistrate as a Penalty.

CXXXIV. That any Person using any Hackney Carriage plying under a Licence granted by virtue of this Act who wilfully injures the same snail for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also pay to the Proprietor of such Hackney Carriage reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage sustained by the same; and such Satisfaction shall be ascertained by the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom the Conviction takes place, and shall be recovered by the same Means as the Penalty.

CXXXV. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time (subject to the Restrictions of this Act) make Bye Laws for all or any of the Purposes following; (that is to say,)

For regulating the Conduct of the Proprietors and Drivers of Hackney Carriages plying within such prescribed Distance in their several Employments, and determining

whether

185a

255

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

whether such Drivers shall wear any and what Badges, and for regulating the Hours within which they may exercise their Calling:

For regulating the Manner in which the Number of each Carriage, corresponding with the Number of its Licence, shall be displayed:

For regulating the Number of Persons to be carried by Hackney Carriages, and in what Manner such Number is to be shown on such Carriage, and what Number of Horses or other Animals is to draw the same, and the placing of Check Strings to the Carriages, and the holding of the same by the Driver, and how Hackney Carriages are to be furnished or provided:

For fixing the Stands of Hackney Carriages, and the Distance to which they may be compelled to take Passengers, not exceeding such prescribed Distance:

For fixing the Rates or Fares, as well for Time as Distance, to be paid for Hackney Carriages within such prescribed Distance, and for securing the due Publication of such Fares:

For securing the safe Custody and Re-delivery of any Property accidentally left in Hackney Carriages, and fixing the Charges to be made in respect thereof.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to public Bathing, be it enacted as follows:

CXXXVI. That where any Part of the Sea-shore or Strand of any River used as a public Bathing-place is within the Burgh, the Commissioners may make Bye Laws for the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

For fixing the Stands of Bathing Machines on the Sea-shore or Strand, and the Limits within which Persons of each Sex shall be set down for bathing, and within which Persons shall bathe:

For regulating the Occupation of such Stands of Bathing Machines, and apportioning the same temporarily among the Owners of such Machines for the Time:

For preventing any indecent Exposure of the Persons of the Bathers:

For regulating the Manner in which and the Times at which the Bathing Machines shall be used, and the Charges to be made for the same:

For ensuring that the Bathing Machines shall be kept in a proper State of Repair:

For regulating the Distance at which Boats and Vessels let to hire for the Purpose of sailing or rowing for Pleasure shall be kept from Persons bathing within such prescribed Limits.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Precautions during the Construction and Repair of Sewers, Streets, and Houses, be it enacted as follows:

CXXXV1L That the Commissioners shall, during the Con-tfrmctkm or Repair of any Streets, and during the Construction pio. 17. Price 2d.] R or

Hackney

Carriagtt.

Bathing

Bathing Machines and bathing.

Precautions during Repairs.

Ban to be erected across Streets while

e

Repairs or Alterations are making, and Lights placed at Night

Hoards to be set up during Repairs.

Penalty fro not lighting Deposits of Building Materials or Excavations.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland.) 13 & 14 VIC*r.

or Repair of any Sewers or Drains, take proper Precaution for guarding against Accident, by shoring-up and protecting the adjoining Houses, and shall cause such Bars or Chains to be fixed across or in any of the Streets, to prevent the Passage of Carriages and Horses while such Works are carried on, as to them shall seem proper; and the Commissioners shall cause any Sewer or Drain or other Works, during the Construction or Repair thereof by them, to be lighted and guarded during the Night, so as to prevent Accidents; and every Person who takes down, alters, or removes any of the said Bars or Chains, or extinguishes any Light, without the Authority or Consent of the Commissioners, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXXXVIII. That every Person intending to build or take down any Building within the Burgh, or to cause the same to be so done, or to alter or repair the outward Part of any such Building, or to cause the same to be so done, where any Street or Footway will be obstructed or rendered inconvenient by means of such Work, shall before beginning the same cause sufficient Hoards or Fences to be put up, in order to separate the Building where such Works are being carried on from the Street, with a convenient Platform and Handrail, if there be Room enough, to serve as a Footway for Passengers, outside of such Hoard or Fence, and shall continue such Hoard or Fence, with such Platform and Handrail as aforesaid, standing and in good Condition, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, during such Time as the public Safety or Convenience requires, and shall in all Cases in which it is necessary in order to prevent Accidents cause the same to be sufficiently lighted during the Night; and every such Person who fails to put up such Fence or Hoard, or Platform with such Handrail as aforesaid, or to continue the same respectively standing and in good Condition as aforesaid during the Time aforesaid, or who does not, while the said Hoard or Fence is standing, keep the same sufficiently lighted during the Night ', or who does not remove the same, when directed by the Commissioners, within a reasonable Time afterwards, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day while such Default is continued.

CXXXIX. That when any Building Materials, Rubbish, or other Things are laid, or any Hole made, in any of the Streets, whether the same be done by Order of the Commissioners or not, the Person causing such Materials or other Things to be so laid, or such Hole to be made, shall at his own Expense cause a sufficient Light to be fixed in a proper Place upon or near the same, and continue such Light every Night from Sunsetting to Sun-rising while such Materials or Hole remain; and such Person shall, at his own Expense, cause such Materials or other Things and such Hole to be sufficiently fenced and enclosed until such Materials or other Things are removed or the Hole filled up or otherwise made secure; and every such Person who fails so to light, fence, or enclose such Materials or other Things,

1850.

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

Things, or such Hole, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day while such Default is continued.

CXL. That in no Case shall any such Building Materials (Mr other Things, or such Hole, be allowed to remain for an unnecessary Time, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds to be paid for every such Offence by the Person who causes Rich Materials or other Things to be laid or such Hole to be made, and a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day during which such Offence is continued after the Conviction for such Offence; and in any such Case the Proof that the Time has not exceeded the necessary Time shall be upon the Person so causing such Materials or other Things to be laid, or causing such Hole to be made.

CXLI. That if any Building or Hole or any other Place near any Street be, for Want of sufficient Repair, Protection, or Enclosure, dangerous to the Passengers along such Street, the Commissioners shall cause the same to be repaired, protected, or enclosed, so as to prevent Danger therefrom; and the Expenses of such Repair, Protection, or Enclosure shall be repaid to die Commissioners by the Owner of the Premises so repaired, 3, or enclosed, and shall be recoverable from him as

257

Prtcautions during Repairt.

Penalty for continuing Deposits of Building Materials or Excavations an unreasonable Time.

Dangerous Places to be repaired or enclosed.

Cleansing

Streets.

Commissioners to cause Streets

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to cleansing the Streets, be it enacted as follows:

CXLII. That the Commissioners shall cause all the Streets, together with the Foot Pavements, from Time to Time to be properly swept and cleansed, and all Dust and Filth of every j^Dust and' Sort found thereon to be collected and removed, and shall Cause Ashes to be re-iD the Dust, Ashes, and Rubbish to be carried away from the OTe<1 from th« Houses and Premises of the Inhabitants of the Burgh, at con- ousefc vement Hours and Times, and shall cause the Privies and Cesspools within the Burgh to be from Time to Time emptied and cleansed in a sufficient and proper Manner: Provided always, that the Occupier of any House or Premises within the Burgh may keep and remove any such Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish as shall be made on his own Premises, and shall be kept for Manure, so that the same be not a Nuisance to the Inhabitants residing near such Premises, and that the same be removed at such Times and in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Ctxnmissioners.

CXLIII. That the Occupiers of Premises within or adjoin- Occupier* to ing the Streets shall once in every Day (Sundays excepted) before Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, cause Jpt.° to be swept and cleansed the Footways and Pavements in front or at the Side of their respective Premises; and every such Penalty for Occupier making default herein shall for every such Offence Neglect' be Gable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings; and for the Purpose aforesaid, when any House shall be let in separate Apartments, the Person letting such Apartments shall be deemed w Occupier.

R 2 CXLIV. That

viiOO^lC

Commissioners may compound for sweeping Footways.

Dust, &c. collected to be vested in the Commissioners.

Commissioners may provide Lands, &c. for Deposit of Soil and Materials.

Dust Boxes to be erected by Commissioners.

Commissioners may cause public Conveniences to be erected.

Commissioners to cause Streets to be watered, and Wells, Pumps, &c. to be provided.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

CXLIV. That the Commissioners may compound, for such Time as they think fit, with any Person liable to sweep or cleanse any Footway under the Provisions of this Act, for sweeping and cleansing the same in the Manner directed by this Act.

CXLV. That the Dust and Filth which the Commissioners shall cause to be collected from the Streets, Privies, Sewers, and Cesspools, and all the Dust, Ashes, and Rubbish which the Commissioners shall cause to be collected and carried away from the Houses or Premises, or elsewhere within the Burgh, shall be the Property of the Commissioners, and the Commissioners shall have Power to sell and dispose of the same as they think proper, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

CXLVI. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time provide Places convenient for the Deposit of the Night Soil, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth and Rubbish to be collected under the Authority of this Act, and for stabling and keeping all Horses, Carts, Implements, and other Things required for the Purposes of this Act; and for any of such Purposes the Commissioners may purchase or hire any Lands or Buildings by them considered necessary, or they may cause any new Building to be made upon any Lands which shall be purchased or hired by them under the Provisions of this Act.

CXLVII. That the Commissioners, if they think fit so to do, may cause any Number of moveable or fixed Dust Boxes or other Conveniences, wherein Dust and Ashes may be deposited until removed and carried away, to be provided and placed in such of the Streets as they shall judge necessary, and may require the Occupiers of Premises within such Streets to cause all their Dust and Ashes to be deposited daily in the said Dust Boxes or other Conveniences; and every Person who after such Dust Boxes or Conveniences have been so provided shall deposit or cause or permit to be deposited any Ashes or Dust in any Part of any Street, except in some of such Dust Boxes or other Conveniences, and every Person who shall lay or cause to be laid any Dirt, Dung, or other Filth in any tart of any Street, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

CXLVIII. That the Commissioners may erect such public Water-closets, Privies, and Urinals within the Burgh and in such Situations as they think fit, so as not to create a Nuisance, and may defray the Expense thereof and of keeping the same in good Order, and may make Compensation for any Injury occasioned to any Person by the Erection thereof, out of the Monies to be levied under this Act.

CXLIX. That the Commissioners shall, as often as Occasion requires, cause the Streets to be watered, and they may contract with any Water Company or other Party for a Supply of Water for that Purpose, and for cleansing the Sewers and Drains; and, if necessary, they may place Pipes, Conduits, and Pumps in any of the Streets, or provide any other Works and Engines proper

for

1850.

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

259

Ckatuing

Streets.

for that Purpose, and remove and alter the same when and as they think proper.

CL. That the Commissioners shall appoint and employ a sof- Commissionm ficient Number of Scavengers, or contract with any Company to appoint or other Person to employ Scavengers, for sweeping, cleansing, Searengws. and watering the Streets, and for removing all Dust, Ashes,

Rubbish, and Filth therefrom, and from the Houses and other Premises therein, and for emptying Privies and Cesspools, in the Manner by this Act directed; and such Scavengers shall, on such Days, and at such Hours, and in such Manner as the Commissioners from Time to Time appoint, sufficiently execute all such Works and Duties as they have respectively contracted or been employed to perform; and every such Contractor who fails to sweep and properly cleanse or water any Street which he has contracted to sweep, cleanse, or water, or who fails to clean out and empty any Privy, Cesspool, or Sewer which he has contracted to clean out and empty, at the Time and in the Manner appointed by the Commissioners, or to collect or remove any Dirt, Ashes, or Rubbish which he has contracted to remove, at the Time and in the Manner prescribed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, or who lays any of such Soil,

Dost, Ashes, Rubbish, or Filth in any other Places than such as are appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CLI. That every Occupier of any Premises within the Penalty ibr Burgh, and every other Person, who refuses to permit the said Scavengers to remove such Dirt, Ashes, or Rubbish as by this Act they are authorized to do, or who obstructs the said Sea-vengers in the Performance of their Duty, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CLII. That every Person, other than the Person employed Penalty on Per-by the Commissioners, or by some Person contracting with the son*otb<r th, n Commissioners for that Purpose, who collects or carries away any Night Soil, Dust, Ashes, Rubbish, or Filth by this Act directed to be removed by Persons employed by the Commissioners, from any Street or public Place within the Burgh, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

CLIII. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time fix Penalty for the Hours within which only it shall be lawful to empty Privies 'yny>i"K ot'-or remove offensive Matter within the Burgh; and when the aTunproper*" Commissioners have fixed such Hours, and given public Notice Times, thereof, every Person who within the Burgh empties or begins to empty any Privy, or removes along any Thoroughfare within the Bmgh any offensive Matter, at any Time except within the Hours so fixed, and also every Person who at any Time, whether such Hours have been fixed by the Commissioners or not, uses for any such Purpose any Cart or Carriage not having . a Covering proper for preventing the Escape of the Contents of mch Cart or of the Stench thereof, or who wilfully slops or ^sOs any such offensive Matter in rite Removal thereof, or who

Chanting

Streets.

Nuisances.

Stagnant Pools of Water and other Annoyances to be removed.

Beds of running Streams to be kept clear.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

does not carefully sweep and cleanse every Place in which any such offensive Matter has been placed or unavoidably slopped or spilled, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, and in default of the Apprehension of the actual Offender the Driver or Person having the Care of the Cart or Carriage employed for any such Purpose shall be deemed to be the Offender.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the Prevention of Nuisances, be it enacted as follows:

CLIV. That no Person shall suffer any waste or stagnant Water to remain in any Cellar or other Place within any Premises belonging to or occupied by him within the Burgh, so as to be a Nuisance; and every Person who so suffers any such Water to remain for Forty-eight Hours after receiving Notice from the Commissioners to remove the same, and every Person who allows the Contents of any Privy or Cesspool to overflow or soak therefrom, to the Annoyance of the Occupiers of any adjoining Property, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, and to a further Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day during which such Nuisance continues; and the Commissioners may drain and cleanse out any stagnant Pools, Ditches, or Ponds of Water within the Burgh, and abate any such Nuisance as aforesaid, and for that Purpose may enter, by their Officers and Workmen, into and upon any Premises within the Burgh at all reasonable Times, and do all necessary Acts for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and the Expenses incurred thereby shall be paid by the Person committing such Offence or occupying the Premises whence such Annoyance proceeds, and, if there be no Occupier, by the Owner of such Premises, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

CLV. That when the Contents of any Sewer, or any other Flow of Filth or Refuse, are discharged into any River or Stream in the Bed or Channel of which the Quantity of Water is so much diminished, either by Drought during the Summer, or by Part being taken off to supply any Mill Race, Course, or Dam, or by any other natural or artificial Cause, as to be insufficient to keep such Channel clean or clear, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make Alterations on the Bed of such River or Stream by cutting in such Bed a Trough or Channel into which the Sewer or Drain Water may be conducted, or by some similar Operations on the Bed of such River or Stream whereby the Flow of Water diminished as aforesaid in such River or Stream may be accelerated, and such Sewer and Drain Water prevented from spreading over the Surface of such Bed, or from accumulating and stagnating in Parts thereof, to the Injury of Health and the Annoyance of the surrounding Population: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall not be entitled in any way to interfere with the Rights of the Owners or Occupiers of Mills on such River or Stream, or to diminish in any respect the Quantity of Water flowing in such River or Stream, or available to such Owners

or

261

. 850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

or Occupiers, previously to and at the Time of making the Nuisance*. Alterations or Operations hereby allowed.

CLVI. That if the Dung or Soil of any Stable, Cowhouse, Regulations to or Pigstye, or other Collection of refuse Matter, elsewhere than Acm

in any Farmyard, be at any Time allowed to accumulate within Sung, °&c? the Burgh for more than Twenty Days, or for more than Seven Days after a Quantity exceeding One Ton has been collected in any Place not allowed by the Commissioners, such Dung,

Soil, or Refuse, if not removed within Forty-eight Hours after Notice from any Officer of the Commissioners for that Purpose, shall become the Property of the Commissioners, and they, or any Person with whom they have at that Time any subsisting Contract for the Removal of Refuse, may enter upon the Premises and remove the same, and may sell and dispose of the same, and the Money thence arising shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

CLVII. That no Person shall be allowed to keep any Cow Regulation* or Cows in any Byre or Cowhouse or other Place where it shall have been ascertained by competent Medical Evidence to the Health that the keeping of such Cow or Cows in such Place is inju- of the-Neigh-rious to the Health of the Neighbourhood, and the Commis- bourhoo(1, aoners shall have ordered such Place not to be so used or occupied: Provided always, that any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by any Order of the Commissioners in this Matter shall be entitled to appeal to the Sheriff, whose Decision shall be final

CLVIII. That if at any Time the Officer of Health, or, if 0n Certificate far the Time being there be no Officer of Health, any Two Hedth?FUthto Surgeons or Physicians, or One Surgeon and One Physician, be removed, certify under his or their Hand to the Commissioners that any Accumulation of Dung, Soil, or Filth, or other noxious or offensive Matter, within the Burgh, ought to be removed, as being injurious to the Health of the Inhabitants, the Clerk to the Commissioners shall forthwith give Notice to the Owner or reputed Owner of such Dung, Soil, or Filth, or to the Occupier of the Land where the same are, to remove the sane within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice; and in case of Failure to comply with such Notice such Dung, Soil, or Filth shall thereupon become vested in the Commissioners, and they, or any Person with whom they have at that Time contracted for the Removal of all such Refuse, may enter upon the Premises and remove the same, and may sell and dispose of the same, and the Money thence arising shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

CLIX. That if at any Time the Officer of Health, or, if Houses to be there be no Officer of Health, any Two Surgeons or Physicians, whitewa.8^ or One Surgeon and One Physician, certify under his or their CertTfi^teof0" Hands to the Commissioners that any House or Part of any Officer of House or Building within the Burgh is in such a filthy or un- Health»&c* wholesome Condition that the Health of the Inmates or of the Neighbours is thereby affected or endangered, or that the white-warning, cleansing, or purifying of any House or Building or

R 4 any

Nuisances,

No Interment in any Grave without leaving Thirty* six Inches clear of Soil above the Coffin.

Commissioners to order Costs of Prosecutions to be paid out of the Rates.

Act not to affect present Law as to Nuisances.

Power to provide Premises for the Reception of the Dead

Previously to nterment *

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland), 13 & 14 VICT.

any Part thereof would tend to prevent or check infectious or contagious Disease therein, or that any Drain, Privy, or Cesspool is in such a defective State that the Health of the Neighbours is thereby affected or endangered, the Commissioners shall order the Occupier of such House or Part thereof to whitewash, cleanse, and purify the same, and the Owner of such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool to amend the Condition thereof, in such Manner and within such Time as the Commissioners deem reasonable; and if such Occupier or Owner do not comply with such Order he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day's Neglect thereof; and in such Case the Commissioners may cause such House or any Part thereof to be whitewashed, cleansed, and purified, or the Condition of such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool to be amended, and may recover the Expense thereof from such Occupier or Owner in the same Manner as Damages.

CLX. That no Coffin containing a Corpse shall be buried in any Grave within the Burgh, not being a Vault or Catacomb, without at least Thirty-six Inches of Soil between the ordinary Surface of such Burial Ground and the upper Side of the Coffin; and if the Person having the Preparation or the immediate Charge of the Preparation of the Grave to receive such Coffin permit the Coffin to be buried in such Grave, or if the Person having the Control of the Burial Ground knowingly permit any Coffin to be buried in any Grave in which there is not left after the Burial thereof Thirty-six Inches at the least of Soil, measuring from the ordinary Surface of such Burial Ground to the upper Side of the Coffin, the Person having the immediate Charge of the Preparation of the Grave, and the Person having the Control of the Burial Ground in which such Burial is made, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CLXI. That the Commissioners may direct any Prosecution for any public Nuisance whatsoever, created, permitted, or suffered within the Burgh, and may order Proceedings to be taken for the Recovery of any Penalties, and for the Punishment of any Persons offending against the Provisions of this Act, and may order the Expenses of such Prosecution or other Proceedings to be paid out of the Assessments authorized to be imposed under the Provisions of this Act.

CLXII. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render lawful any Act or Omission on the Part of any Person which is, or but for this Act would be, deemed to be a Nuisance, nor to exempt any Person guilty of Nuisance from Prosecution or Action in respect thereof, in the same Way and Manner as before the passing of this Act.

CLXIII. That the Commissioners may, if, for the Purpose of preventing the Evils occasioned by the Retention of the Dead in the Dwellings of the Poor or otherwise, they shall think fit, provide, fit up, and make Bye Laws with respect to the Management and Charges for the Use of Rooms or Premises in which Corpses may be received and decently and care-

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 283

fully kept previously to Interment; and the Commissioners may, N*Ua*ce».

upon Application, and subject to such Regulations, and at such -

Bates and Charges as shall be prescribed by any such Bye Laws, make all necessary Arrangements for the decent and economical Interment of any Corpse which may have been received into any Booms or Premises so [provided in pursuance of this Enactment.

CLXIV. That if upon an Application by the Commissioners, Burial and after Evidence to his Satisfaction that there is sufficient Ground *, &c. Ground to justify the Conclusions of such Application, the She- HeSth°maybe riff shall certify (such Certificate to be published in the Edin- prohibited/ burgh Gazette and in some One or more of the public Newspapers usually circulated within the Burgh) that any Burial Ground situate within the Burgh is in such a State as to be dangerous to the Health of Persons living in the Neighbourhood thereof, or that any Church or other Place of Public Worship within the Burgh is dangerous to the Health of Persons frequenting the same by reason of the surcharged State of the Vaults or Graves within the Walls of or underneath the same, and that sufficient Means of Interment exist within a convenient Distance from such Burial Ground, Church, or Place of Public Worship, it shall not be lawful after a Time to be named in such Certificate to bury or permit or suffer to be buried any further Corpses or Coffins in, within, or under the Ground, Church, or Place of Worship to which the Certificate relates, except in so far as may be allowed by such Certificate; and whosoever after Notice of such Certificate buries, or causes, permits, or suffers to] be buried, any Corpse or Coffin contrary to this Enactment, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

CLXV. That no Vault or Grave shall be constructed or A*tolntcr-marie within the Walls of or underneath any Church or other "*nu within Place of Public Worship built in the Burgh, after the Adop- Ground* tkm of this Act with respect to Burial Grounds and Inter- newly erected ments, and no Burial Ground shall be made or formed within or fonaed' any District after such Adoption of this Act, without the Consent of the Sheriff first had and obtained, unless the same be made or formed upon Land purchased or authorized by Parliament to be appropriated for the Purpose of being used as a Burial Ground before such Adoption of this Act; and whosoever shall bury, or cause, permit, or suffer to be buried, any Corpse or Coffin in any Vault, Grave, or Burial Ground constructed, made, or formed contrary to this Enactment, shall for any such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, which may be recovered by any Person, with full Costs of Suit, in an Action of Debt

CLXVI. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to Ground* for purchase or provide for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Burgh Burial* may be a suitable Piece or Plot of Ground for the Purpose of supply- lh

mg the Place of such Burial Ground as it may be necessary to dosed, ehut up; provided that the Commissioners shall not charge a

higher

Lodging House*.

For the Regulation and Inspection of Lodging Houses.

Commissioners to keep a Register of Lodging House Keepers, and make Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation.

Penalty on Lodging House Keepers not complying with the Provisions of the Act.

Keepers of Lodging Houses to report Cases of Fever.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

higher Price on Fees for Graves or Interment in such new Ground than were previously paid in the old Burial Ground.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Lodging Houses, be it enacted as follows:

CLXVII. That it shall not be lawful to keep or use as a Lodging House within the Burgh any House, not being a licensed Victualling House, unless such House shall have been registered as a Lodging House in a Book to be kept by the Commissioners for that Purpose.

CLXVIII. That the Commissioners shall cause a Register to be kept in which shall be entered the Names of all such Persons as apply to have the Houses occupied by them registered as Lodging Houses, and the Situations of such Houses; and the Commissioners shall from Time to Time fix the Number of Lodgers who may be received into each such Lodging House, and make Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation in such Lodging House; and they shall order that a Ticket containing the Number of Lodgers allowed to be received into the House, and a Table of Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation, shall be hung up or placed in a conspicuous Part of each Room into which Lodgers are received; and the Keepers of all such Lodging Houses shall at all Times observe such Rules, and give Access to such Lodging Houses when required by any Persons appointed by the Commissioners, for the Purpose of Inspection thereof, or for the Purpose of performing therein any disinfecting Process which the Commissioners may order.

CLXIX. That every Person who shall keep any Lodging House, or receive Lodgers therein, without such Lodging House having been duly registered, or who shall receive into the same more Lodgers than shall be allowed by the Commissioners, or who shall fail to keep such Ticket or such Table of Rules as aforesaid hung up or displayed as required by the Commissioners, or who shall neglect to cause such Rules to be observed in such Lodging House, or who shall refuse to admit to such Lodging House at all reasonable Times any Person appointed by the Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or who shall wilfully obstruct any such Person in performing any disinfecting Process therein which the Commissioners may order, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for each such Offence. '

CLXX. That all Keepers of Lodging Houses shall, in the event of any Person in their respective Houses becoming ill of Fever or any other Disease, forthwith make Intimation thereof to one of the Magistrates of Police, or the Superintendent of Police, or the Officer of Health, in order that the Nature of the Complaint of such Person may be ascertained, and the proper medical Attendance and Treatment procured; and if any Lodger or other Person in any Lodging House shall have been confined to Bed for Twenty-four Hours by Illness, of whatever Kind, without the Keeper of such House making such Intimation,

185ft Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 205

such Keeper shall for such Neglect be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CLXXL That if at any Time the Officer of Health, or, if for the Time being there be no Officer of Health, any Two Surgeons or Physicians, or One Surgeon and One Physician, certify under his or their Hands to the Commissioners that any infectious or contagious Disease exists iu any Lodging House, the Commissioners shall have Power to pronounce such Order as the Officer of Health, or, failing him, such Medical Persons, shall sanction with reference to the Health of the Patient and other Inmates and of the Public; and if such Keeper do not comply with such Order he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day's Neglect thereof, and in such Case the Commissioners may cause such Lodging House to be cleansed and purified, and may recover the Expense thereof from such Keeper in the same Manner as Damages.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Slaughterhouses, be it enacted as follows:

CLXXII. That the Commissioners may license such Slaughterhouses as they from Time to Time think proper for slaughtering Cattle within the Burgh

CLXXIEI. That no Place shall be used or occupied as a Slaughter-house within the Burgh which was not in exclusive Use and Occupation as such at the Time of the Adoption by such Burgh of this Act, and has so continued ever since, unless and until a Licence for the Erection thereof, or for the Use and Occupation thereof, as a Slaughter-house, have been obtained from the Commissioners; and every Person who, without having first obtained such Licence as aforesaid, uses as a Slaughterhouse any Place within the Burgh not used exclusively as such at the Time of the Adoption by such Burgh of this Act, and so continued to be used ever since, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a like Penalty for every Day after the Conviction for such Offence upon which such Offence is continued.

Lodging Hcaues.

Commissioners may make Orders in Cases of infectious Disease in Lodging Houses.

home*.

Commissioners may license Slaughterhouses.

No new Slaughter-houses in future to be erected without a Licence.

CLXXIV. That every Place within the Burgh which shall Existing be used as a Slaughter-house shall, within Three Months after Slaughter-the Date of such Adoption of this Act, be registered by the hoi, ^I!^be Owner or Occupier thereof at the Office of the Commissioners, and on Application to the Commissioners for that Purpose the Commissioners shall cause every such Slaughter-house to be registered in a Book to be kept by them for that Purpose; and every Person who after the Expiration of the said Three Months, and after One Week's Notice of this Provision from the Commissioners, uses or suffers to be used any such Place as a Slaughter-house, without its being so registered, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, and a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day after the first Day during which such Place shall be used as a Slaughterhouse without having been so registered.

Slaughter *

houset.

Commissioners may put down Slaughterhouses on making Compensation to Owners.

Commissioners

lation of Slaughterhouses, &c.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

CLXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, where they shall think proper, to put down any existing Slaughter-houses within the Burgh, on making Compensation, where any legal Claim for Compensation exists, to the Owners thereof, in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and the Case of Lands taken otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof.

CLXXVI. That the Commissioners shall from Time to La wafer Regul ^me> by Bye Laws, to be made and confirmed in the Manner ' ' herein-after provided, make Regulations for the licensing, registering, and Inspection of Slaughter-houses, and preventing Cruelty therein, and for keeping the same in a cleanly and proper State, and for removing Filth at least once in every Twenty-four Hours, and requiring them to be provided with a sufficient Supply of Water, and they may impose pecuniary Penalties on Persons breaking such Bye Laws; provided that no such Penalty exceed for any One Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, and in the Case of a continuing Nuisance the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day during which such Nuisance shall be continued after the Conviction for the first Offence.

CLXXVII. That the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom any Person is convicted of killing or dressing any Cattle contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or of the Non-observance of any of the Bye Laws or Regulations made by virtue of this Act, in addition to the Penalty imposed on such Person under the Authority of this Act, may suspend for any Period not exceeding Two Months the Licence granted to such Person under this Act, or, in case such Person be the Owner or Proprietor of any registered Slaughter-house, may forbid for any Period not exceeding Two Months the slaughtering of Cattle therein; and such Sheriff or Magistrate, upon the Conviction of any Person for a second or other subsequent like Offence, may, in addition to the Penalty imposed under the Authority of this Act, declare the Licence granted under this Act revoked, or, if such Person be the Owner or Proprietor of any registered Slaughter-house, may forbid absolutely the slaughtering of Cattle therein; and whenever the Licence of any such Person is revoked as aforesaid, or whenever the slaughtering of Cattle in any registered Slaughter-house is absolutely forbidden as aforesaid, the Commissioners may refuse to grant any Licence whatever to the Person whose Licence has been so revoked, or on account of whose Default the slaughtering of Cattle in any registered Slaughter-house has been forbidden.

CLXXVIII. That every Person who during the Period for which any such Licence is suspended, or after the same is revoked as aforesaid, slaughters Cattle in the Slaughter-house to which such Licence relates, or otherwise uses such Slaughterhouse, or allows the same to be used as a Slaughter-house, and every Person who during the Period that the slaughtering of Cattle in any such registered Slaughter-house is forbidden as aforesaid, or after such slaughtering has been absolutely forbidden

Licence of Slaughterhouses may be suspended, in addition to Penalty imposed.

Penalty for slaughtering Cattle during Suspension of Licence, &c.

267

185<X Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

bidden therein, slaughters any Cattle in any such registered Slaughter-Slaughter-house, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, and a further Penalty of Five Pounds for every Day on which any such Offence is committed after the Conviction for the first Offence.

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Saving Right* herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Bights, Privileges, of Perso" in" Powers, or Authorities of any Persons incorporated or autho- AcfofVtrlia-rized by any Local Act of Parliament passed before the passing ment for m*in-of this Act, or that may be passed during the present Session £[n^ugh' of Parliament, for the Purpose of making and maintaining r' u#Cfc Slaughter-houses for the Accommodation of any City, Town,

Burgh, or Place.

CLXXX. That the Business of a Blood-boiler, Bone- Offen*iv# boiler, Tanner, Slaughterer of Cattle, Horses, or Animals of any Description, Soap-boiler, Tallow-melter, Tripe-boiler, or be *utyJt to° other noxious or offensive Business, Trade, or Manufacture, Regulation of shall not be newly established in any Building or Place within Commissioner*. the Burgh, without the Consent of the Commissioners; and whosoever offends against this Enactment shall be liable for each Offence to a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and a further Penalty of Forty Shillings for each Day during which the Offence is continued; and the Commissioners may from Time to Time make such Bye Laws with respect to any such Businesses so newly established as they may think necessary and proper, in order to prevent or diminish the noxious or injurious Effects thereof.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the Sale Unwkoluom* or Exposure for Sale of unwholesome and adulterated Food, be Food* it enacted as follows:

CLXXXI. That in any Shop, Building, Stall, or Place ProvUion kept or used for the Sale of Butchers Meat, Poultry, or Fish, agmi8t.SaIe of no Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish Memt which is unfit for the Food of Man shall be kept or retained, unless entirely separate and apart from any Animal, Carcase,

Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish which is intended for such Food, nor unless the same be ticketed in large and legible and conspicuous Characters as being unfit for such Food; and any Person who shall keep in any Shop, Building, Stall, or Place occupied or used by him as aforesaid any Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish which is unfit for the Food of Man, otherwise than entirely separate and apart, and ticketed as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Inspector of Nuisances, Officer of Health, or any other Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, may and he is hereby empowered, at all reasonable Times, with or without Assistants, to enter into and inspect any Shop, Building, Stall, or Place kept or used for the Sale of Butchers Meat, Poultry, or Fish, or as a Slaughterhouse, and to examine any Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry,

Game, Flesh, or Fish which may be therein; and in case any Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Game, Flesh, or Fish appear

to

UnwJkokmme

Food.

and against Sale of adulterated Food.

Regulations as to Gunpowder.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

to him to be intended for the Food of Man, and to be unfit for such Food, the same may be seized; and if it appear to any Magistrate, or to the Sheriff, upon the Evidence of a competent Person, that any such Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Came, Flesh, or Fish is unfit for the Food of Man, he shall order the same to be destroyed, or to be so disposed of as to prevent its being exposed for Sale or used for such Food; and the Person to whom such Animal, Carcase, Meat, Poultry, Came, Flesh, or Fish belongs, or in whose Custody the same is found, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every Animal or Carcase, Fish, or Piece of Meat, Flesh, or Fish, or any Poultry or Came, so found, and as to which such Magistrate or Sheriff shall be satisfied that it was intended for the Food of Man.

CLXXXII. That if any Person shall sell or expose for Sale any adulterated Butter, Meal, Bread, or other Article of Food, knowing the same to be adulterated, such Person so offending shall, upon Conviction before the Sheriff or Magistrate, for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and such adulterated Article shall be forfeited, and disposed of as the Sheriff or any Magistrate shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Magistrate, on the Application of the Superintendent of Police or Officer of Health, or other Officer acting under this Act, setting forth that he has received Information and has just Cause to believe that any adulterated Article of Food is in the Possession of any Person for the Purpose of being disposed of, to grant Warrant to enter upon the Premises of such Person, and to search for and seize such Article of Food, and to forfeit and dispose of the Bame as to him shall seem proper.

CLXXXIII. And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Gunpowder, be it enacted, That no Gunpowder shall be sold within the Burgh by Gas or Candle or other artificial Light, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound to be paid for each Offence by the Person so selling the same; and no Person shall keep at any Time in any Place more than Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, under a Penalty for the First Offence of any Sum not exceeding One Pound, for the Second Offence not exceeding Three Pounds, and for the Third and any subsequent Offence not exceeding Five Pounds, besides Forfeiture of all the Gunpowder which shall be found in such Place exceeding the aforesaid Weight; and the aforesaid Quantity of Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder allowed to be kept as aforesaid shall be deposited in a Place by itself, separate from all other Goods and Commodities, and shall be secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound to be paid for each Offence by the Occupier of the Premises in which such Quantity of Gunpowder not so kept and secured as aforesaid shall be found: Provided always, that the Commanding Officer of any of Her Majesty's Military or Naval Forces, or of any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps, may keep such a Quantity of Gunpowder as he may think necessary for Military Purposes.

And

i85a

269

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the weigh- waking

bag of Articles, and the Prevention of Frauds, be it enacted as Maekint*.

Mows:

CLXXXIV. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Weighing Mato erect, so far as not already done, and maintain, Steelyards, *

Scales, or other Weighing Machines, upon or adjacent to the different Streets or at any other convenient Places within the Burgh, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, or to grant Powers to others to that Effect, and to appoint proper Persons to attend the same, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble.

CLXXXV. That it shall be competent to the Purchaser of Po^er to Pur-any Coals, or to the Driver of any Cart loaded with Coals, to to require them require that any such Cart loaded with Coals shall be weighed to be weighed, at the said Steelyard, Scales, or other Weighing Machines; and the Weight of the Coals and of the Cart, and also the Time of such weighing, marked on a Ticket, shall be delivered to the Driver thereof; and the Person having the Charge of such Steelyards, Scales, or other Weighing Machines shall exact and receive from the Driver for each Cart a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny for weighing the Coals and delivering the Ticket as aforesaid; and the Money so to be paid shall be repaid to such Driver by the Purchaser of the Coals or Person to whom the same are delivered, on the Ticket thereof being produced.

CLXXXVI. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Power to proto provide, furnish, and maintain such Number of portable or ^whin^for moveable Machines for weighing Coals as they may deem neces- weighingCoIu. sary, to be kept at convenient Places within the BuTgh, in order that the Inhabitants may have Access to them for the Purpose of reweighing their Coals at their own Expense, if they shall be so inclined, and to employ proper Persons to attend such Machines, and to establish the Rates to be payable for such reweighing; and it shall be lawful for the Superintendent of Police, or any other Officer acting under this Act, to cause Coals offered for Sale or for Delivery to be reweighed, and to require the Driver to produce the Ticket thereof, as a Cheok on the Conduct of Drivers and others, such reweighing being always done free of Expense.

CLXXXVII. That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Retailers of Wright of Coals sold in Quantities of less than Half a Ton within any Yard, Depot, Cellar, Fold, or Place where they may weights for be kept, or from any Cart on which they may be carried by weighing at the Dealers for Sale, such Dealers shall be obliged to have and keep Time of De, 1" Scales and Weights of the legal Standard within such Yard, very '

Depot, Cellar, Fold, or other Place, and also to have such Scales and Weights attached to the Cart used by them for the Sale of such Coals, whereby the Coals so sold by Retail may be weighed at the Time of the Sale or Delivery, and such Dealers shall be obliged to weigh the same, upon being required to do so either by the Person purchasing the same or by any Constable or Officer of Police; and any such Dealer in Coals Ming to have and keep such Scales and Weights, or refusing

Weighing Machine«.

Penalty on Driver refuting to weigh.

Penalty on fraudulent weighing.

Regulations may be made for preventing Fraud in the Weight of Hay, Straw, &c.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotlandf). 13 & 14 Vict.

to weigh the Coals as aforesaid, shall, upon Conviction before the Sheriff or Magistrate, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, and Five Pounds for any subsequent Offence.

CLXXXVIII. That if any Driver or other Person having the Charge of any Cart shall not, upon being so required as aforesaid, take the same to any such public Weighing Machine, or shall refuse to assist in the weighing of the same in such Manner as the Drivers of Carts are used and accustomed to do, such Driver or other Person shall, upon Conviction before the Sheriff or Magistrate, for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CLXXXIX. That if the Keeper of any Weighing Machine used within the Burgh for the Purpose of ascertaining the Weight of Coals, or the Seller of any Coals which shall be weighed at such Weighing Machine, or any of their respective Servants, shall wilfully, on Application, refuse duly to weigh or reweigh any Cart with or without Loading, or shall designedly do or omit to do anything with Intent that the true Weight or Measurement of any Coals weighed thereat shall not be ascertained, or if the Owner or Driver or other Person having the Charge of any Cart shall place or knowingly have any Article, Matter, or Thing in or about such Cart, other than the proper Load therein, or shall alter the Tare or Weight or the Ticket denoting the Weight of any Cart or the Loading thereof, or shall make, use, or be privy to the making or using any false or fraudulent Ticket respecting the Weight of any such Cart or Loading, or if by reweighing or otherwise it shall be discovered that any Coals have been abstracted by such Owner, Driver, Person in charge, Keeper, or Servant, from such Cart, after it shall have passed the Steelyard or Weighing Machine where it was originally weighed, or if the Owner or Driver or Person in charge of any Cart, or the Keeper of any Machine as aforesaid, or his Servants, shall make or give or use, or be privy to the making or giving or using, any false or fraudulent Contrivance touching the Weight of any Cart or of the Load therein, or shall knowingly assist in or connive at any Fraud in or concerning the Weight of any Cart or of the Load therein, or if any other Person shall knowingly aid or assist in the committing of any Fraud respecting the Weight of any Cart or the Load therein, weighed or stated or represented to be weighed at any such Machine as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction before the Sheriff or Magistrate, for every Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

CXC. That in order to prevent Fraud in the Weight of Hay and Straw, or other Commodities usually weighed in Carts, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make Regulations for ascertaining the Weight or Quantity of Hay or Straw or other Commodities brought within the Burgh, upon Parties voluntarily resorting to the said Weighing Machines for the Purpose, and for the Sheriff or Magistrate to punish

Persons

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

271

Wtifking

Machine*,

Persons disobeying such Regulations, by seizing, forfeiting,

and selling such Hay and Straw or other Commodities so __________

brought in contravention of such Regulations, or by imposing on the Offender a Penalty to the Extent and in the Manner before prescribed in respect of Coals which have not been duly weighed, and also to fine all Persons driving Carts from which Hay or Straw or other Commodities shall have been fraudulently taken or embezzled, and all Persons accessory to such fraudulent taking or Embezzlement, in any Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to sentence him to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to Brokers Broken and and Pawnbrokers, be it enacted as follows: Pawnbroker*,

CXCI. That from and after the passing of this Act no Broken to be Person shall within the Burgh exercise or carry on the Trade licensed, or Business of a Broker, unless he shall have first obtained a Licence so to do from the Magistrates of Police, which Licence such Magistrates shall have a discretionary Power of granting or refusing, as they shall see Cause, and which, when granted, shall continue in force until the Term of Whitsunday in each Year, and no longer, unless sooner revoked or suspended, which the Magistrates are hereby authorized to d6 on legal Conviction of any Violation of any of the Conditions of such Licence or of the Provisions of this Act; and every Person to whom such Licence shall be given or renewed shall for each such Licence or Renewal thereof pay to the Clerk a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Expense of such Licence or Renewal, and of recording the same in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and if any Person shall within the Burgh exercise or carry on the Trade or Business of a Broker without having first obtained such Licence as aforesaid, or after the Revocation or during the Suspension thereof, or shall contravene the Terms of such Licence or any of the Provisions of this Act, such Person shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that no licensed Pawnbroker carrying on Business as such shall be entitled to carry on the Trade or Business of a Broker (but nothing in this Provision shall be held to apply to the Sale of Goods bond jide forfeited in accordance with the Pawnbrokers Act), and it shall not be lawful for the Magistrates to issue any such Broker's Licence to any Pawnbroker.

CXCII. That every Person who shall apply to be licensed Broken to fur. as a Broker shall at the Time of his Application, and at Whit- n}*& Descrip-sunday yearly thereafter, furnish to the Clerk in Writing a Description of his Premises, including all Cellars, Closets, and keep Books, other Places proposed to be used by him in the course of his Trade; and all Brokers shall enter in Books to be kept by them a proper and distinctive Description of each Article purchased or received by them, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person from whom they have purchased or received the same, and the Date and Hour of the Day of each such Transaction, and the Price paid or agreed to be paid for such

27 2

Penalty on failing to make proper Entries.

Brokers to retain Articles for Seven Days after having received them.

Penalty for Neglect.

Brokers to produce Articles, on Demand.

Pawnbroker to produce his Books, on Demand.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT

Articles; and if any such Broker shall fail to make proper Entries in such Book he shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXCIII. That all Articles purchased or received by such Brokers shall be kept by them in their Shops, or other Places where their ordinary Business is carried on, for the full Period of Seven Days from and after the Date on which it shall appear from their Books that such Articles have been purchased or received; and every Broker who shall sell or otherwise dispose of, or remove from his Premises as aforesaid, any such Articles, before the Expiry of such Period of Seven Days, or shall fail at any Time in the course of that Period to produce such Articles to the Superintendent of Police, or to any Constable acting under him, when required so to do, shall for each Offence, upon Conviction before the Sheriff or Magistrate, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXCIV. That every Broker shall at all reasonable Times exhibit and produce, on Demand, to the Superintendent of Police, or to any Constable acting under him, all Articles in his Possession, or which he may have received or purchased, and shall also produce his Books in which the Description of any such Articles is or should have been entered, when required, in the Police Court, or to the Superintendent of Police, or any Constable acting under him and having the Authority of the Sheriff or Magistrate, in which Book the Constable requiring and obtaining Production thereof shall on every Occasion subscribe his Name immediately following the last Entry therein; and as often as it shall be found that any Goods or Articles which have been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained shall be in the Possession of any Broker, he is hereby required, on being informed by the Superintendent of Police or other Constable authorized as aforesaid that such Goods or Articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained, to deposit the same with the Superintendent of Police, in order that they may be produced in such Manner as may be necessary for the Ends of Justice, or, upon Proof of Ownership to the Satisfaction of the Judge, restored to the proper Owner thereof; and every Broker who shall refuse to produce and show the Goods or Articles in his Possession, or the Books in which the same are or should have been described, on being required so to do, or who shall refuse to allow the Superintendent of Police or Constable requiring the same to subscribe his Name, or who shall not deposit any such Goods or Articles stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, shall, upon Conviction before the Sheriff* or Magistrate, for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; without Prejudice to such Broker being also proceeded against as a Receiver or Resetter of stolen Goods according to Law.

CXCV. That every Pawnbroker shall at all Times during his Hours of Business produce, on Demand, to the Superintendent of Police, or to any Constable acting under him, his Books in which the Articles received by him in Pledge are entered, and shall

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

shall exhibit to such Superintendent of Police all Goods regarding which Information shall have been given tending to show or to render probable that the same have been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently taken, and, if required, shall deposit the same with the Superintendent of Police, for the Ends of public Justice, on receiving a Receipt for such Goods; and any Pawnbroker who 'shall refdse to produce his Books, or to exhibit, and, if required, to deposit any Goods as aforesaid, shall for every Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXCVI. That if Any Gooas or Articles regarding which written or printed Information shall be given by any Constable to any Pawnbroker or Broker as having been stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently obtained, shall then be or thereafter come into the Possession of such Pawnbroker or Broker, such Pawnbroker or Broker shall without unnecessary Delay give Information to the Magistrate or at the Police Office that certain Goods or Articles answering the Description of the said Goods or Articles were offered to him or are in his Possession, and shall also state the Name and Address given by the Party by whom the same were offered or from whom the same were received, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every such Neglect or Offence: Provided always, that in the Case of Wearing Apparel or other Articles which it may be difficult for such Pawnbroker or Broker to trace out and identify, no Fine shall be exigible in respect of not reporting such Articles, unless it shall appear to the Sheriff or Magistrate that such Articles had been knowingly concealed by such Pawnbroker or Broker.

CXGVII. That if any Broker shall, after receiving Information of the Theft, or the embezzling or the fraudulent Disposal of any Metals, Goods, or Articles of whatsoever Description, melt, alter, deface, or put away the same, or shall cause the same to be melted, altered, defaced, or put away, without having previously, received the Permission of the Magistrate, and if it shall be found that such Metals, Goods, or Articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of by the Person from whom such Broker received the same, or by any other Person, then and in such Case it shall be held that such Broker knew that such Metals, Goods, or Articles were stolen, embezzled, or fraudulently disposed of, and such Broker shall be proceeded against according to Law as a Receiver of stolen Goods, or as being a Party to the Fraud, and punished accordingly; and no other Evidence of his Guilt shall be necessary than Evidence of such melting, altering, defacing, or putting away, after receiving Information as aforesaid.

CXCVIII. That it shall not be lawful for any Broker or any Pawnbroker to carry on Business as a Publican or Retailer of exdseable Liquors, nor for any Broker to purchase, receive, or take the Note or Ticket of any Pawnbroker for any Goods or Articles which have been pawned, or to contract or negotiate in any Manner with the Holder of any such Note or Ticket, or any Person in his Behalf, for the Purchase of Goods or Articles specified therein; and if any Broker shall offend herein, either by

S 2 himself

273

Broker* and Pawnbroker*.

Broken, &c. to report stolen Goods, under a Penalty for Neglect.

If stolen Articles be altered or defaced by Broker, he shall be held to be Receiver of stolen Goods.

Brokers not to carry on Business of Publicans, nor to purchase Tickets of Pawnbrokers.

274

Brokers and Pawnbrokers.

Brokers not to take Articles in Fledge.

Pawnbroker and Broker not to carry on Business in the same Premises.

Penalty on Brokers transacting Business with Persons under 14 Years of Age.

Penalty on Brokers transacting Business between certain Hours.

Penalty on Pawnbrokers, &c. purchasing Tickets issued by Charitable Institutions.

Brokers to have their Names painted over Shop Doors.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

himself or his Servant, or any other Person having the Charge of his Premises, and for whom in such Case he shall be held responsible, such Broker shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CXCIX. That if any Broker shall receive or take any Goods or Articles in Pledge, such Broker shall, upon Conviction thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CC. That it shall not be lawful for a Pawnbroker and a Broker to carry on their respective Trades within the same Premises, or in separate Premises having a Communication with each other; and every Pawnbroker or Broker who shall offend herein shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCI. That it shall not be lawful for any Broker at any Time to sell to or purchase from any Person who shall apparently be under Fourteen Years of Age; and if any Broker shall offend herein, either by himself or his Servant, or any other Person having the Charge of his Premises, and for whom in such Case he shall be held responsible, such Broker shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCII. That it shall not be lawful for any Broker to sell to or purchase from or have any Business Transaction whatsoever with any Person between the Hours of Ten o'Clock of each Saturday Night and Nine o'Clock in the Morning of the following Monday; and if any Broker shall offend herein, either by himself or his Servant, or any other Person having the Charge of his Premises, and for whom in such Case he shall be held responsible, such Broker shall, on being convicted thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCIII. That any Pawnbroker or Broker who shall, either by himself or his Servant, or by any other Person having the Charge of his Premises or Business, and for whom in such Case he shall be held responsible, and any other Person who shall purchase, receive, or take any Note or Ticket issued by Authority of any Parochial Board or Charitable Institution, or any Article of Clothing issued as aforesaid, and legibly marked as or known by him to be so issued, shall for each such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, without Prejudice to such Pawnbroker, Broker, or other Person being proceeded against according to Law as a Resetter of stolen Goods.

CCIV. That every Person licensed as a Broker shall have his Name, with the Words "Licensed Broker," painted over the Door or principal Entrance of his Premises, in large Characters, either Black upon a White Ground or White upon a Block Ground, and shall from Time to Time replace the same when removed, obliterated, or defaced, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

And

275

PoKce and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the Sup- Vagrant* pression of Vagrants and Beggars, be it enacted as follows: and Beggar*.

CCV. That it shall be lawful for any Constable to apprehend Vagrants and and bring before the Magistrate all Persons found begging, and Beggars to be all Persons conducting themselves as Vagrants, having no fixed apprehended, Place of Residence, and no lawful Means of gaining their Live- Action Jmpri- lihood, within the Burgh, and such Persons, upon Conviction, soned. shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days; and if any Money be found upon their Persons, such Money may be applied towards their Maintenance while in Prison, and towards their Transmission thereafter to the Parish of their Settlement.

CCVI. That it shall be lawful for any Constable to appre- Procedure as to hend and bring before the Magistrate all young Persons found begging, or sent or suffered to go out for that Purpose, within 160

the Burgh, and also the Parents of such young Persons, or other Relations to whose Control they are subject, by whom they have been so sent or suffered to go out, and also any other Persons by whom such young Persons have been so sent out; and on the Complaint being established that such young Persons have been sent out or suffered to go out for that Purpose by their Parents or either of them, or by any other Relation to whose Control they are subject, or have been sent out for that Purpose by any other Person, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate to punish such Parent, Relation, or other Person as a Vagrant or disorderly Person, by Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

CCVII. That it shall be lawful for any Constable to appre- Beggars and hend and bring before the Magistrate all such Beggars, Vagrants, 7^?*10 and idle poor Persons, Men, Women, or Children, strolling or parochial° wandering or seeking Relief, or found lying in any Outhouse, Authorities. Stair, Close, or Area or other Place within the Burgh; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate to direct and cause all such Persons as he may not at the Time convict of Begging and Vagrancy, as herein-before provided, to be handed over to the Inspector of the Poor or other Official of the Parish within which such Persons shall have been found, in order that their Claim as Paupers may be investigated and disposed of according to Law.

CCVIII. That every Person letting Lodgings or giving Keepers of Accommodation for the Night or Day to mendicant or vagrant Persons within the Burgh shall, if required by any Order of Mendicants to the Commissioners specially made and served upon such Person, report Persons be bound to report each and every Day at the Police Office, or £j*°rt, ngtherc" to the Superintendent of Police or Constable of the District, every Person who has resorted to such House during the preceding Night or Day; and for that Purpose Schedules shall be furnished by the Commissioners to the Persons so ordered to report, which Schedules they shall be bound to fill up with the Information required, and transmit to the Police Office, or to the Superintendent of Police or Constable of the District as aforesaid; and if any such Person shall fail to comply with

276

Vagrant* and Beggars *

Penalty against Chain-droppen, Swindlers, &c.

Paving,

Power to the Commissioners to improve and form public Streets.

Commissioners may place Fences to Footways.

Foot Pavements.

Cap. 33s Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

any such Order he shall, upon Conviction before the Magistrate, for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings.

CCIX. And with respect to the Police of Burghs, and to the Punishment of Chain-droppers and Swindlers, be it enacted, That all Chain-droppers, Thimblers, loaded Dice Players, and other Swindlers of that or any similar Description, who shall be found in possession of Implements or Articles for practising Games of Hazard, or who shall exhibit such Implements or Articles in order to induce or entice, or who shall induce or entice, any Person to play at any Game of Hazard, or who by any fraudulent Art or Device shall cozen and cheat or attempt to cozen and cheat any Person, may be convicted before the Sheriff or Magistrate on the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and on Conviction shall be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Thirty Days, and shall also at the same Time be sentenced to repay any Money or restore any Property which they may have obtained by means of any such Offence, and failing such Payment or Restoration may under the same Procedure be committed to or detained in Prison for any further Term not exceeding Thirty Days.

And with respect to paving and maintaining Streets, be it enacted as follows:

CCX. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time cause all or any of the Streets within the Burgh, not under the Management of any Turnpike Road or other Trustees, or any Part of such Streets respectively, to be raised, lowered, altered, and formed in such Manner and with such Materials as they think fit, and they may also form, with such Materials as they think fit, any Footways for the Use of Passengers in any such Street, and cause such Streets and Footways to be repaired from Time to Time: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with any Right to have applied to such Streets any Commutation for Statute Labour or other Fund by Law applicable to the Maintenance or Repair of such Streets.

CCXI. That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time place such Fences and Posts on the Side of the Footways of Streets as may be needed for the Protection of Passengers on such Footways, and they may place Posts in the Carriageways of such Streets, so as to make the crossing thereof less dangerous for Foot Passengers, and they shall from Time to Time repair any such Fences or Posts, or may remove the same, or any Obstructions to any such Carriageway or Footway, as they think fit.

CCXII. And be it enacted, That the Owners of all Houses and other Buildings, or of Gardens, Yards, Grounds, and other Heritages on which Buildings are not erected, which are adjoining to or fronting any Street, Square, or other public or principal Place within any Burgh, shall, at their own Expense, when required by the Commissioners, cause Footways before their Property respectively on the Sides of the said Streets *

Squares,

185ft Police and Improvement (Scotland), Cap. 33.

Squares, or other public or principal Places, to be made, and to be well and sufficiently paved with flat, hewn, or other Stones, or to be constructed in such other Manner and Form and of such Breadth as the Commissioners shall direct; and in ease such Owners shall refuse or neglect or delay so to do, any Magistrate before whom such Complaint shall be brought may fine and amerce such Owners in a Penalty not exceeding double the Amount of the estimated Expense, and on Recovery shall thereout defray the Expense incurred in making such Footways.

CCXIII. That if any Street have not before the Adoption of this Act been well and sufficiently paved and flagged or otherwise made good, the Commissioners may cause such Street, or the Parts thereof not so paved and flagged or otherwise made good, to be paved and flagged or otherwise made good, in such Manner as they think fit, and the Expenses incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Occupiers of the Lands abutting on such Street, or such Parts thereof as have not been theretofore well and sufficiently paved and flagged or otherwise made good, and such Expenses shall be recoverable from such Occupiers respectively as herein provided with respect to Private Improvement Expenses, and thereafter such Street shall be repaired by the Commissioners out of the Assessments levied under this Act.

CCXIV. That every Person who wilfully displaces, takes up, or makes any Alteration in the Pavement, Flags, or other Materials of any Street, without the Consent of the Commissioners in Writing, or without other lawful Authority, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and also a further Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Square Foot of the Pavement, Flags, or other Materials of the Street exceeding One Square Foot so displaced, taken up, or altered.

And with respect to the lighting of Burghs, be it enacted as follows:

CCXV. That the Commissioners may contract for any Period not exceeding Three Years at any One Time with the OwnerB of any Gasworks, or with any other Person, for the Supply of such Gas or Oil or other Means of lighting, and may provide such Lamps, Lamp Posts, and other Works as the Commissioners think necessary for lighting the Streets of the Burgh.

CCXVI. That if the Commissioners and the Owners of any Gasworks authorized by Act of Parliament to supply Gas within the Burgh, and with whom the Commissioners shall be desirous of contracting, shall not agree as to the Price to be paid for such Supply, then such Price shall be settled by Arbitration, and for that Purpose the Clauses of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration, shall be incorporated with this Act

And

277

Pacing,

Where public Streets have not heretofore been paved. Commissioners may cause them to be paved at the Expense of the Occupiers of adjoining Lands.

Penalty on Persons altering Pavements without the Consent of the Commissioners.

Lighting.

Commissioners may contract for lighting Streets.

Price to be paid for Gas to be ascertained in ease of Dispute.

278

Officer*.

Commissioners may appoint a Surveyor.

Commissioners may appoint an Inspector of Nuisances.

Same Person may be Surveyor and Inspector.

Commissioners to provide Offices for Surveyor and Inspector.

Commissioners may appoint, subject to Approval of Secretary of State, an

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotlandf). 13 & 14 Vict.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to the Officers to be appointed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of Burgh Improvement, be it enacted as follows:

CCXVII. That the Commissioners may appoint a Person, duly qualified, to act as a local Surveyor of the Paving, Drainage, and other Works authorized under the Provisions of this Act, and may fix the Salary to be paid to such Surveyor, and pay such Salary out of the Assessments levied under this Act; and if any such Surveyor die, resign, or be removed, the Commissioners may appoint another Person, so duly qualified, in the Boom of the Surveyor so dying, resigning, or removed; and the Commissioners may remove any such Surveyor.

CCXVIII. That the Commissioners may appoint some Person, by the Title of " Inspector of Nuisances," to superintend and enforce the due Execution of all Duties to be performed by the Scavengers appointed under this Act, and to report to the Commissioners any Breach of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Bve Laws, Buies, and Regulations of the Commissioners, and the Existence of any Nuisances within the Burgh; and the Commissioners shall duly publish the Name of any Inspector of Nuisances appointed by them, and shall require him to provide and keep a Book in which shall be entered all reasonable Complaints made by any Inhabitant of the Burgh of any Breach of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Bye Laws, Buies, and Regulations made by the Commissioners for the Preservation of due Order and Cleanliness or for the Suppression of Nuisances; and the Inspector of Nuisances shall forthwith inquire into the Truth of such Complaints, and report upon the same to the Commissioners at their next Meeting; and such Report, and the Order of the Commissioners thereon, shall be entered in the said Book, which shall be kept at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all reasonable Times to the Inspection of any Inhabitant of the Burgh or other Person interested; and it shall be the Duty of such Inspector of Nuisances, subject to the Direction of the Commissioners, to make Complaints before the Sheriff or a Magistrate to whom the same may competently be preferred, and take legal Proceedings for the Punishment of any Person who has committed any Offence under this Act, or under any Bye Laws made by virtue thereof.

CCXIX. That the Commissioners may, if they think fit, appoint the same Person to be both Surveyor and Inspector of Nuisances.

CCXX. That the Commissioners shall provide Offices for the Use of the said Surveyor and Inspector in some convenient Place within the Burgh, either in connexion with their own Office or otherwise, as may be most convenient, and shall cause due Notice thereof to be given twice at the least in some Newspaper circulating within the Burgh.

CCXXI. That the Commissioners may, if they think fit, appoint, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, a Person of competent Skill and Experience, who shall be styled " The Officer of Health," whoso

Duty

1850.

279

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Duty it shall be to ascertain the Existence of Diseases within the Burgh, especially Epidemics and contagious Diseases, and to point out any Nuisances or other local Causes likely to cause and continue such Diseases, or otherwise injure the Health of the Inhabitants, and to point out the best Means for checking or preventing the Spread of such Diseases within the Burgh, and also the best Means for the Ventilation of Churches, Chapels, Schools, registered Lodging Houses, and other public Buildings within the same, and from Time to Time, as required by the Commissioners, to report to them upon the Matters aforesaid, and to perform any other Duties of a like Nature which may be required of him; and the Commissioners, with the same Approval which is necessary for the Appointment of the Officer of Health, shall fix the Salary to be paid to such Officer, and shall pay such Salary out of the Assessments to be levied under this Act; and the Commissioners, with the like Approval, may discontinue such Office, or remove any such Officer of Health.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and Plans of the same, and of the Works to be executed under the Powers of this Act, be it enacted as follows:

CCXXII. That the Commissioners shall procure or cause to be made a Survey and Map of the Burgh on a Scale of not less than Sixty Inches to a Mile, and stall cause to be marked thereon the Course of all the existing Sewers and Drains belonging to them or under their Care or Management, and, as far as can be ascertained, the Lines of Pipes or Conduits for the Collection and Distribution of Water, the Course of the Pipes for the Distribution of Gas, and such other Works, with such other Particulars as may be necessary in order to show the underground Works within the Burgh, and stall cause the said Map to be from Time to Time corrected, and such Additions to be made thereto as may show the Sewers and Drains for the Time being belonging to the Commissioners, and such other Pipes and underground Works as aforesaid; and such Map and Plan, or a Copy thereof, with the Date expressed thereon of the last Time when it was so corrected, shall be kept in the Office of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all seasonable Hours to the Inspection of the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands within the Burgh.

CCXXIII. That the Principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance may, if they think fit, on the Application of the Commissioners, and at their Expense, furnish, for the Use of the Commissioners, One or more Copies of any Map of the Burgh, or any Part thereof, which stall have been made under the Direction of the said Ordnance Officers, or may cause a Survey to be made of the Burgh on a Scale of not less than Sixty Inches to the Mile, by Surveying Officers appointed by them, for such Remuneration as shall previously be agreed upon between the said Principal Officers and the Commissioners.

CCXXIV. That the Commissioners stall cause to be marked on the Map so procured or caused to be made by them a Series

of

Offioir of

Health.

Survey» and Flan*,

Commissioners to cause m Map of the Burgh to be made, and to be open to In* spection.

Officers of Ordnance may furnish Commissioners with Mips, or causa Surreys to be made.

Lerel Lines to be marked on Map, and Bench

Marks to be made for denoting the same.

Commissioners may cause Maps to be engraved, &c., and pay Expenses out of Assessments.

Commissioners to cause Plans to be prepared of new Works or Alterations of existing Works.

Before giving Notice of Construction of Works, Plans to be prepared and deposited in the Office of the Commissioners, and be open to Inspection.

Ca'p. 33< Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VlpT *

of Marks and Figures at convenient Distances on the said Map, denoting the Height of the Ground at every such Mark above or below the Level of a particular Spot within the Burgh, which may be easily found and identified, the Position of which. Spot shall be described on the Map, and shall also cause to be drawn, wherever practicable, Lines of equal Altitude at every Four Feet of Elevation, or at such other Intervals as may appear, upon due Inquiry, to be the best adapted for the Guidance of Works of Sewerage and Drainage, for the Collection and Distribution of Water, and for other Purposes within the Burgh for which a Knowledge of the Levels of the Burgh may be necessary, and shall also cause proper Bench Marks for denoting the Levels to be inscribed and marked at convenient Distances and Places, at the Comers of Streets, on Posts, Houses, or other prominent Objects within the Burgh.

CCXXV. That the Commissioners may cause every such Plan to be copied, engraved, or printed, and coloured, in such Manner as appears to them most convenient, and may defray the Costs of any Surveys and Maps made under their Direction, and any Costs incurred by them in regard to any such Ordnance Map, out of the Assessments authorized to be levied under this Act.

CCXXVI. That the Commissioners shall cause their Surveyor to prepare Plans of any new Works, and Additions to or Alterations of existing Works, that may be required for the effectual Drainage of the Premises and Streets within the Burgh, including Provision for properly trapped Drains or Channels for the Removal of all waste Water and Refuse from such Premises and from the Surface of the Streets, and also to draw on such Plans the Lines that appear to him most advantageous for Main Sewers, and the best Outfalls for clearing the whole Burgh of Surface Moisture, and effecting the Drainage of the Subsoil, and to point out the most appropriate Means and Sites for the Collection and Sale of Filth and Refuse for agricultural or other Purposes, and also to set forth any other Matters which may assist the Commissioners in carrying into execution, in an economical and effective Manner, the several Works required to be carried into execution under the Provisions of this Act, or which appear to be necessary for the Health and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the Burgh.

CCXXVII. That, before giving Notice of their Intention to construct any Work of which by this Act they are required to give Notice, the Commissioners shall cause Plans of the intended Work to be made, under the Direction of their Surveyor, on a Scale not less for a horizontal Plan than One Inch to Eighty-eight Feet, and for a vertical Section not less than One Inch to Two Feet, and, in the Case of a Sewer, showing the Depth of such Sewer below the Surface of the Ground; and such Plans shall be deposited in the Office of the Commissioners, or some other convenient Place appointed for that Purpose, and shall be open at all reasonable Hours for the

i8sa

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

Inspection of all Persons interested therein during the Time for which such Notice is required to be given.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to making and maintaining the public Sewers, be it enacted as follows:

CCXXVIII. That all Sewers and Drains within the Burgh, whether existing at the Time when this Act is applied or made at any Time thereafter, (except Sewers and Drains the private Property of any Person or Persons, or made and used as of private Bight by any Person or Persons for his or their own Profit, or for the Profit of Proprietors or Shareholders, and except Sewers and Drains made and used for the Purpose of draining, preserving, or improving Land, under any Local or Private Act of Parliament, or for the Purpose of irrigating Land,) shall vest in and belong to and be entirely under the Management and Control of the Commissioners.

CCXXIX. That the Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, purchase the Bights, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities vested in any Person for making Sewers, or contract for the Use of any Sewers within the Burgh, or purchase any such Sewers, with or without the Buildings, Works, Materials, and Hungs belonging or appertaining thereto; and any Person to whom any such Bights, Privileges, Powers, Authorities, Sewers, Buildings, Works, Materials, or Things belong may sell and dispose of the same to or otherwise contract with the Commissioners; and in case of any such Sale, the Purchase Money shall be settled and applied to the same Uses and Trusts to winch the Property purchased may have been subject at the Time of such Sale, and the Property purchased shall vest in and belong to the Commissioners purchasing the same, anything to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that, notwithstanding any such Purchase any Person who previously thereto may have acquired perpetual Bight to use any Sewer so purchased shall be entitled to use the same, or any other Sewer substituted in lieu thereof, in as full and ample a Manner as he would or might have done if such Purchase had not been made.

CCXXX. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to authorize the Commissioners, contrary to or inconsistently with any private Bight, to use, injure, or interfere with any Sewers or other Works already made or used for the Purpose of draining, preserving, or improving Land, under any Local or Private Act of Parliament, or for the Purpose of irrigating Lands, or to use, injure, or interfere with any Watercourse, Stream, Biver, Dock, Basin, Wharf, Quay, or Towing Path in which the Owner or Occupier of any Lands, Mills, Mines, or Machinery, or the Proprietors of any Canal or Navigation, shall have Bight and Interest, without Consent in Writing first had and obtained; and nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities given or reserved to any Person under any Local or Private Act. of Parliament for the Drainage, Preservation, - <1 Improvement,

281

Sewer$.

Sewers, &c. rested in Commissioners.

Power to purchase, Sec. certain Sewers.

Private Sewers or Watercourses, Sec. not to be used without Consent.

Semen *

Drainage Dii-trict* to be formed, subject to the Approval of the Sheriff,

Power to Commissioners to construct Sewers where none exist, making Compensation to Owners of Property.

Commissioners may alter Sewers from Time to Time.

Commissioners not to destroy existing Sewers, See. without providing others.

Penalty for Neglect.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Improvement, or Irrigation of Land, or for or in respect of any Mills, Mines, Machinery, Canal, or Navigation as last aforesaid.

CCXXXI. That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, subject to the Approval of the Sheriff, divide the whole Burgh, if and as Occasion shall require, into separate Drainage Districts, having regard in such Division to the Nature of the Ground, to the Main Lines of Sewers by which such separate Drainage Districts are or shall be drained, and to the equal Benefit, as far as may be, of all the Lands and Buildings to be comprised in any such Drainage District, and shall cause their Surveyor to define and describe the several Drainage Districts on a Plan of the Burgh to be made as aforesaid.

CCXXXII. That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, subject to the Restrictions herein contained as to the Notice to be given, and the Plans and Estimates to be prepared, cause to be made under the Streets such Main and other Sewers as shall be necessary for the effectual draining of the Burgh, and also all such Reservoirs, Sluices, Engines, and other Works as shall be necessary for cleansing such Sewers, and, if needful, they may carry such Sewers through and across all underground Cellars and Vaults under any of the Streets, doing as little Damage as may be, and making full Compensation for any Damage done; and if for completing any of the aforesaid Works it be found necessary to carry them into or through any inclosed or other Lands, the Commissioners may carry the same into or through such Lands accordingly, making full Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and they may also cause such Sewers to communicate with and empty themselves into the Sea or any public River, or they may cause the Refuse from such Sewers to be conveyed by a proper Channel to the most convenient Site for its Collection and Sale for agricultural or other Purposes, as may be deemed most expedient, but so that the same shall in no.Case become a Nuisance: Provided always, that in making any such Main and other Sewers, or in repairing, reconstructing, or enlarging the same or existing Drains or Sewers, the Contents at present carried into any existing Outlet shall not be diverted therefrom to the Prejudice of any actual existing legal Right.

CCXXXIII. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time, as they see fit, repair, enlarge, alter, arch over, and otherwise improve all or any of the Sewers vested in them; and if any of such Sewers at any Time appear to them to have become useless, the Commissioners, if they think fit to do so, may demolish and discontinue such Sewer, provided that it be so done as not to create a Nuisance.

CCXXXIV. That if any Person, by means of any Enlargement, Alteration, or Discontinuance of any Sewer, or other Proceeding of the Commissioners, be deprived of the Use of any Sewer or Drain which such Person was theretofore lawfully entitled to use, the Commissioners shall provide some other Sewer or Drain equally effectual for such Purpose; and if the Commissioners refuse or do not within Seven Days next after

Notice

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

Notice In Writing served upon them begin and thereupon diligently proceed to restore to its former effective State such Drain or Sewer the Use whereof has been affected by the Acts of the Commissioners, or to provide such other Sewer or Drain as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the Person aggrieved any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day after the Expiration of such Seven Days during which he is deprived of the Use of the Drain or Sewer to which he was so entitled, and is not provided with such other Drain or Sewer as aforesaid.

CCXXXV. That before entering into any Contract for executing any such Work as aforesaid the Commissioners shall procure from their Surveyor an Estimate of the probable Expense of constructing the same in a substantial Manner, and of the yearly Expense of maintaining the same in repair, and each Surveyor shall accompany such Estimate with a Report as to the most advantageous Mode of constructing such Work, whether under a Contract for constructing the same merely, or a Contract for constructing the same and maintaining it in repair during a given Term of Years.

CCXXXVI. That the Expense of making any new Sewer shall be defrayed as herein provided by special Sewer Rates to be levied on the Occupiers of all Premises within the Drainage District in which such Sewer is situated: Provided always, that where in the Judgment of the Commissioners any Premises were sufficiently drained before the making of such new Sewer, the Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to have such Deduction made from the special Sewer Rates to which they would otherwise be liable in respect of the making of such new Sewer, and for such Tim$ as the Commissioners shall deem to be just, having regard to the Cost of making such new Sewer, and to the Value and Efficiency of such old Sewer; and whenever any old Sewer is enlarged, or open Sewer closed, the Expense of such Enlargement, or of closing such open Sewer, shall be defrayed in like Manner as if it had been incurred in making a new Sewer.

CCXXXVII. That the Expense of maintaining and cleansing all Sewers vested in the Commissioners, and all other Expenses connected with such Sewers not herein otherwise provided for, or which may not be fully defrayed by the special Sewer Rates, shall be defrayed by general Sewer Rates to be levied as herein provided on the Occupiers of all Premises within the Drainage District in which such Sewers are severally situated.

CCXXXVIII. That every Person, not being employed for that Purpose by the Commissioners, who shall make any Drain into any of the Sewers or Drains so vested in the Commissioners, shall forfeit to the Commissioners a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Commissioners may cause such Branch Drain to be remade as they think fit, and all the Expense incurred thereby shall be paid by the Person making such Branch Drain, and shall be recoverable by the Commissioners as Damages.

CCXXXIX. That

283

SmMrt.

Commissioners to cause Estimates to be prepared before Execution of Works.

As to the Expense of making new Sewers. Where Premises were sufficiently drained before making new Sewer, Occupier to have a Reduction made in his Rates.

As to the Expense of maintaining Sewers, &c.

Penalty for making unauthorised Drains.

Snssrs.

Vaults and Cellars under Streets not to be made without the Consent of the Commissioners.

Streets may be stopped up during Repairs.

All Sewers, &c. to be covered with Traps.

Sewers may be used by Owners and Occupiers of Land beyond Limits of Burgh.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Sheriff.

House Drains,

Commissioners empowered to construct Drains from Houses, charging Owners,

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

CCXXXIX. That no Building shall be erected over any Sewer belonging to the Commissioners, and no Vault, Arch, or Cellar shall be made under the Carriageway of any Street, without the Consent of the Commissioners first obtained in Writing; and all such Vaults, Arches, and Cellars shall be substantially made, and so as not to interfere or communicate with any Sewers belonging to the Commissioners; and if after the Adoption of this Act by any Burgh, any Building be erected, or any Vault, Arch, or Cellar be made therein, contrary to the Provisions herein contained, the Commissioners may demolish or fill up the same, and the Expenses incurred thereby shall be paid by the Person erecting such Building, or making such Vault, Arch, or Cellar, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

CCXL. That the Commissioners may stop any Street, and

5revent the same from being used as a common Passage or thoroughfare, for a reasonable Time during the Construction, Alteration, Repair, or Demolition of any Sewer or Drain in or under such Street.

CCXLI. That all Sewers and Drains within the Burgh, whether public or private, shall be provided by the Commissioners or other Persons to whom they severally belong with proper Traps or other Coverings or Means of Ventilation so as to prevent Stench.

CCXLII. That any Person being the Owner or Occupier of any Lands beyond the Burgh, and in respect of which he would not be liable to the Payment of the Rates authorized to be levied under this Act, may, with the Consent of the Commissioners first obtained in Writing, upon Payment to them of a reasonable Sum of Money to be agreed upon between them, at his own Expense, and under the Superintendence of the Surveyor of the Commissioners, cause to branch into and to communicate with any of the Sewers belonging to the Commissioners any Sewer or Drain in respect of the said Property which may be lawfully made therefrom of such Size and in such Manner and Form of Communication as the Commissioners approve of: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Right theretofore acquired by such Owner or Occupier to use any of the Sewers or Drains belonging to the Commissioners.

CCXLIII. Provided always, That as regards the making, altering, and maintaining Sewers and Drains, it shall be lawful for any Person whose Property may be taken or affected, or thinking himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal thereon to the Sheriff in manner herein-after mentioned.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to the Drainage of Houses, be it enacted as follows:

CCXLIV. That if any House or Building within the Burgh be at any Time not drained by a sufficient Drain or Pipe communicating with some Sewer, or with the Sea or some public River, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, and if there shall be such Means of Drainage within One hundred Feet of

1850. Pctice and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 285

any Part of such House or Building, the Commissioners shall &c. with the construct or lay from such House or Building a covered Drain ExPense* or Pipe of such Materials, of such Size, at such Level, and with gnch Fall, as they think necessary for the Drainage of such House or Building, its Areas, Water-closets, Privies/and Offices; provided that the Cost of executing such Work shall not, without the written Consent of the Owner, exceed One Year's Rack Kent of such House or Building; and the Expenses incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof, if not forthwith paid by the Owner or Occupier, shall be defrayed by the Drainage Bates herein authorized to be levied.

No House to be hereafter built without Drains being constructed.

CCXLV. That no House or Building within the Burgh shall be built upon a lower Level than will allow of the Drainage of the Wash and Refuse of such House or Building into some Sewer belonging to the Commissioners either then existing or marked out upon the Map herein-before directed to be made by them, or into the Sea, or some public River into which the Commissioners are empowered to empty their Sewers; and if there be such Means of Drainage existing within One hundred Feet of such intended House or Building, the Commissioners shall cause a Drain leading thereunto from the intended Site of such House to be made of such Materials, of such Size, at such Level, and with such Fall, as they think fit, or if there be no such Means of Drainage within One hundred Feet of any Part of the said intended Site of such House or Building, then such Drain shall be made so as to lead into such covered Cesspool or other Place as the Commissioners direct, not being under any Dwelling House, and constructed to the Satisfaction tf the Commissioners, so as effectually to prevent the Escape of the Contents thereof, until such Sewer as aforesaid is made by the Commissioners, when they shall make a Drain to communicate with such new-made Sewer, and shall demolish and fill up any such Cesspool.

CCXLVI. That whenever any House is rebuilt within the Burgh, the Level of the Cellar or other lowest Floor of such House shall be raised sufficiently to allow of the Construction of such a Drain as is herein-before provided in the Case of Houses to be built after the Adoption of this Act; and whenever any House is taken down to or below the Roof of the Floor commonly called the Ground or Street Floor, for the Purpose of being built up again, such building shall be deemed a rebuilding within the Meaning of this Act.

CCXLVII. That before beginning to build any new House, or to rebuild any existing House within the Burgh, the Person intending to build or rebuild such House shall give to the Com-ners Notice thereof in Writing, and shall accompany such Notice with a Plan showing the Level at which the Foundation of such House is proposed to be laid by reference to some Level ascertained under the Direction of the Commissioners.

CCXLVIII. That within Fourteen Days after receiving Commissioners such Notice the Commissioners may signify their Disapproval of otLpprovai

the within 14 Days.

Where Houses are rebuilt, the Level shall be sufficient to allow a Drain to be constructed.

Notice of Buildings and Rebuildings to be given to the Commissioners.

286

Horn* Drains.

Commissioner* may cause Houses built without Notice, or contrary to Provisions of this Act, to be altered.

If Commit* si oners fail to signify their Approval, &c. within 14 Days, Parties may proceed without.

Power to Commissioners to require Owners of Houses to provide Privies for the same.

Penalty for neglecting to provide Privies, &c.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

the Level at which it is proposed to lay the Foundation of any such House, and in case of such Disapproval may within the said Fourteen Days fix the Level at which the same is to be laid, but subject to Appeal to the Sheriff if such Appeal shall be entered within Two Weeks from the Date of the Intimation of such Disapproval; and the Decision of the Sheriff, if such Appeal be taken, or the Deliverance of the Commissioners, if not appealed to the Sheriff, shall be final.

CCXLIX. That in default of sending such Notice and Plan, or if such Building be begun or made at any Level different from that fixed by the Commissioners, within the said Fourteen Days, or determined on Appeal as after mentioned, or in any other respect contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners may, if necessary, cause such Building to be altered or demolished, as the Case requires, and the Expense incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Person failing to comply with the Provision aforesaid, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

CCL. Provided always, That if the Commissioners fail to signify in Writing their Approval or Disapproval of the Level shown on such Plan as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice and Plan as aforesaid, the Person giving such Notice may, notwithstanding anything herein contained, proceed to build or rebuild the House therein referred to according to the Level shown on such Plan, provided that such building or rebuilding be otherwise in accordance with the Provisions of this Act.

CCLI. That the Commissioners may require the Owner of every House within the Burgh to which no sufficient Privy is attached to provide, where it appears to them that there is Room enough for the Purpose, such Privy, in such Situation, not disturbing any Building then already erected, as the Commissioners deem necessary for the Use of the Inmates and Occupiers thereof; and every such Privy shall be constructed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, so as effectually to prevent the Escape of the Contents thereof: Provided always, that where a Privy is used in common by the Inmates and Occupiers of Two or more such Houses, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, dispense with the providing of a Privy for each such House.

CCLII. That the Owner of any such House shall provide the same with a Privy as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, within One Month next after Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by the Commissioners to him or to the Occupier of such House, and in default thereof the Commissioners shall cause such Privy to be provided, so nevertheless that the Cost of executing such Work shall not, without the written Consent of the Owner, exceed One Year's Rack Rent of such House; and the Expense incurred thereby shall be defrayed by the Drainage Rates by this Act authorized to be levied.

isia

287

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

CCLIII. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to Commlaaioiiars make such Provision as they shall think fit for the due Removal of the Ashes and other Refuse of each House within the Burgh by the Occupier or Occupiers of such House.

CCLIV. That if at any Time it shall appear to the Com- Certain Watar-missioners upon the Report of their Surveyor, that any House is used or intended to be used as a School, or Factory or Build- Factories, &c. mg in which Persons of both Sexes, and above Twenty in Number, are employed or intended to be employed at One Time in any Manufacture, Trade, or Business, the Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, by Notice in Writing to the Owner or Occupier of such House, require them or either of them, within a Time to be specified in such Notice, to construct a sufficient Number of Water-closets or Privies for the separate Use of each Sex; and whosoever neglects or refuses to comply with any such Notice shall be liable for each Default to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and a farther Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day during which the Default is continual.

CCLIV. That all Branch Drains, as well within as without Drains, Privies, the Premises to which they belong, and all Privies, Ashpits, and Cesspools within the Burgh, shall be under the Survey and tjlod o^by Control of the Commissioners, and shall be altered, repaired. Owners, and kept in proper Order, at the Costs and Charges of the Owners of the Premises to which the same belong or for the Use of which they are constructed or continued; and if the If Owners Owner and Occupier of any Premises to which any such Drain, Com.

Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool belongs neglect, during Seven Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose, to alter, repair, and to be done, and to put the same into good Order in the Manner required by the ^arSe th« Commissioners, the Commissioners may cause such Drain, Privy, the Expab^ Ashpit, or Cesspool to be altered, repaired, covered, and put in good Order; and the Expense incurred by the Commis-aoners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Owners by whom the same ought to have been done, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

CCL YL That the Surveyor of the Commissioners may in- As to the Inspect any Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool within the Burgh, *Pec?ion and for that Purpose, at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, and Cesspools!* after Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Occupier of the Premises to which such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool is attached, may enter upon any Premises, with such Assistants and Workmen as are necessary, and cause the Ground to be opened .where he thinks fit, doing as little Damage as may be; and if such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool be found to be in proper Order and Condition, he shall cause the Ground to be closea and made good as soon as may be; and the Expenses of opening, closing, and making good such Drain,

Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool shall in that Case be defrayed by the Commissioners.

CCLVII. That if any such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool be Penalty on e have been constructed, after the Adop- Pemons making

T

tion <w*u*in«

288

Drains, &e. contrary to the Orders of the Commissioners.

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Sheriff*.

New Streets.

Notice of Intention to lay out new Streets to be given to Commissioners.

Levels to be fixed by the Commissioners.

If the Commissioners fail to fix the Level, the Party may proceed without.

Persons laying out Streets' without Notice to be liable to.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VlfcTJ

tion of this Act, contrary to the Directions and Regulations of the Commissioners, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or if any Person, without the Consent of the Commissioners, construct, rebuild, or unstop any Drain, Privy, or Cesspool which has been ordered by them to be demolished or stopped up or not to be made, every Person so doing shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Commissioners may cause such Amendment or Alteration to be made in any such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool as they think fit; and the Expense attending any such Amendment or Alteration'shall be paid by the Person by whom such Sewer was improperly constructed, rebuilt, or altered, and shall be recoverable from him' as Damages.

CCLVIII. Provided always, That as regards House Drains, and the building or rebuilding any House, it shall be lawful for any Person whose Property may be thereby taken or affected, and thinking himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal thereon to the Sheriff in manner herein-after mentioned.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to laying out new Streets in the same, be it enacted as follows r

CCL1X. That every Person who intends to make or lay out any new Street shall give Notice thereof to the Commissioners, in order that the Level of such Street may be fixed by the Commissioners: Provided always, that where any Street has, previous to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty, been in whole or in part the subject of any Contract now existing, the same shall not be held or taken to be a new Street within the Meaning of this Act.

CCLX. That the Level of every such new Street shall be fixed by the Commissioners within Six Weeks after the Delivery of such Notice, but subject to Appeal to the Sheriff, if such Appeal shall be entered within Three Weeks from the Date of Intimation of such Deliverance by the Commissioners; and the Decision of the Sheriff, if such Appeal be taken, or such Deliverance by the Commissioners if not appealed to the Sheriff, shall be final; and the Level so fixed shall be kept thereafter by every Person raising any House or other Building in Such Street

CCLXI. That if the Commissioners do not fix such Level within Six Weeks from the Time of the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, the Person giving such Notice may proceed to lay out the Street at any Level which will allow of Compliance with the other Provisions of this Act, as if such Level had been fixed by the Commissioners; and in such Case every Change of the Level which the Commissioners afterwards deem requisite, and the Works consequent thereon, shall be made by the Commissioners, and the Expense thereof, and any Damage which any Person sustains in consequence of such Alteration, shall be defrayed by them.

CCLXII. That every Person who makes or lays out any such new Street as aforesaid, without causing such Notice to be given to the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be liable to

289

1850, Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

defray all the Expenses consequent upon any Change of the the Expenses Level of the said Street deemed requisite by the Commissioners; and every Person who in building any House or other jLe?el*. Building in such Street does not keep the Level fixed by the Commissioners, shall be liable to defray all the Expenses consequent upon any Change of the Level of that Part of the Street on which such House or Building abuts which the Commissioners deem requisite.

CCLXIII. That for the Purposes of this Act, if the Com- situation of missioners deem it necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter G Water the Situation of any Water Pipe or Gas Pipe, or other Water- ^twed^tTho works or Gasworks laid in any of the Streets, they may from Expense of the Time to Time, by Notice in Writing, require the Person to Commissioners, whom any such Pipes or Works belong to cause forthwith, as soon as conveniently may be, any such Pipes or Works to be raised, sunk, or otherwise altered in Position in such Manner as the Commissioners direct; provided that such Alteration be not such as permanently to injure such Works, or to prevent the Water or Gas from flowing as freely and conveniently as before; and the Expenses attending such raising, sinking, or altering, and full Compensation for every Damage done thereby, shall be paid by the Commissioners, as well to the Persons to whom such Pipes or Works belong as to all other Persons.

CCLXIV. That if the Person to whom any such Pipes or if Gm or Water Works belong do not proceed forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt of such Notice, to cause the fh^Aitenltiofi, same to be raised, sunk, or altered, in such Manner as the Com- the Commit missioners require, the Commissioners may themselves cause sioner^h^me such Pipes or Works to be raised, sunk, or altered as they think doneT* fit; provided that such Works be not permanently injured thereby, or the Water or Gas prevented from flowing as freely and conveniently as before.

CCLXV. That it shall not be lawful to make or lay out any the new Street unless and until the proposed Width thereof shall, new

with reference to the Height of the Houses and other Circumstances, be approved of by the Sheriff.

CCLXVI. Provided always, That as regards the making and Parties ag. laying out any new Streets, and fixing the Levels thereof, it skill be lawful for any Person whose Property may be taken or sheriff, affected, and thinking himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal thereon to the Sheriff in manner herein-after mentioned.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to Naming Streets.

naming the Streets and numbering the Houses, be it cnatced -

as follows:

CCLXVII. That the Commissioners shall from Time to House* to b« Time cause the Houses and Buildings in all or any of the numbered and Streets to be marked with Numbers as they think fit, and shall Streetsnftm cause to be put up or painted on a conspicuous Part of some House, Building, or Place, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of every such Street, the Name by which such Street is to /be known; and every Person who destroys, pulls down, or jfe£aeea any such Number or Name, or puts up any Number

Naming Struts.

Numbers of Houses to be renewed by Owner.

Improving Strutt.

Houses may be set forward for improving Line of Street.

Power to purchase Houses, &c. for additional Improvements.

Houses projecting beyond Line of Street, when taken down, to be set back.

Future Projections of Houses, &c. to be removed, o^ Notice.

or Name different from the Number or Name put up by the Commissioners, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

CCLXVIII. That the Owners of Houses and other Buildings in the Streets shall mark their Houses with such Numbers as the Commissioners approve of, and shall renew such Numbers as often as they become obliterated or defaced; and every such Owner who fails, within One Week after Notice for that Purpose from the Commissioners, to mark his House with a Number approved of by the Commissioners, or to renew such Number when obliterated, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Commissioners shall cause such Numbers to be marked or to be renewed, as the Case may require, and the Expense thereof shall be repaid to them by such Owner, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to improving the Line of the Streets, and removing Obstructions, be it enacted as follows:

CCLXIX. That the Commissioners may allow, upon such Terms as they think fit, any Building within the Bur^h to be set forward, for improving the Line of the Street in which such Building, or any Building adjacent thereto, is situated.

CCLaX. That the Commissioners may agree with the Owners of any Lands within the Burgh for the absolute Purchase thereof, for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, or otherwise improving any of the Streets, and they shall resell any Parts of the Land so purchased which shall not be wanted for the Enlargement of the Street.

CCLXXL That when any House or Building, any Part of which projects beyond the regular Line of the Street, or beyond the Front of the House or Building on either Side thereof, has been taken down in order to be rebuilt or altered, the Commissioners may require the same to be set backwards to or toward the Line of the Street, or the Line of the adjoining Houses or Buildings, in such Manner as the Commissioners direct, for the Improvement of such Street: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall make full Compensation to the Owner of any such House or Building for any Damage he thereby sustains.

CCLXXII. That the Commissioners may give Notice to the Occupier of any House or Building to remove or alter any Porch, Shed, projecting Window, Step, Cellar, Cellar Door or Window, Sign, Sign-post, Sign-iron, Showboard, Window Shutter, Wall, Gate, or Fence, or any other Obstruction or Projection, erected or placed, after the Adoption of this Act, against or in front of any House or Building within the Burgh, and which is an Obstruction to the safe and convenient Passage along any Street; and such Occupier shall, within Fourteen Days after the Service of such Notice upon him, remove such Obstruction, or alter the same in such Manner as shall have been directed by the Commissioners, and in default thereof shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Commissioners in such Case may remove such Obstruction or

Projection,

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland)* Cap. 33.

Projection, and the Expense of such Removal shall be paid by the Occupier so making default, and shall be recoverable as Damages: Provided always, that, except in the Case in which such Obstructions or Projections were made or put up by the Occupier, such Occupier shall be entitled to deduct the Expense of removing the same from the Rent payable by him to the Owner of the House or Building.

CCLXXIII. That if any such Obstructions or Projections were erected or placed against or in front of any House or Building in any such Street before the Adoption of this Act, the Commissioners may cause the same to be removed or altered as they think fit; provided that they give Notice of such intended Removal or Alteration to the Occupier of the House or Building against or in front of which such Obstruction or Projection shall be. Thirty Days before such Alteration or Removal is begun, and, if such Obstructions or Projections shall have been lawfully made, they shall make reasonable Compensation to every Person who suffers Damage by such Removal or Alteration.

CCLXXIV. That all Doors, Gates, and Bars put up after the Adoption of this Act within the Burgh, and which open upon any Street, shall be hung or placed so as not to open outwards, except when, in the Case of public Buildings, the Commissioners allow such Doors, Gates, or Bars to be otherwise hung or placed; and if, except as aforesaid, any such Door, Gate, or Bar be hung or placed so as to open outwards on any Street, the Occupier of the Premises to which such Door, Grate, or Bar is attached shall, within Eight Days after Notice from the Commissioners to that Effect, cause the same to be altered so as not to open outwards; and in case he neglect so to do the Commissioners may make such Alteration, and the Expenses of such Alteration shall be paid to the Commissioners by such Occupier, and shall be recoverable from him as Damages, and be shall, in addition, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CCLXXV. That if any such Door, Gate, or Bar was before die Adoption of this Act hung so as to open outwards upon any Street, the Commissioners may alter the same, so that no Part thereof when open shall project over any public Way.

CCLXXVI. That when any Opening is made in any Pavement or Footpath within the Burgh as an Entrance into any Vault or Cellar, a Door or Covering shall be made by the Occupier of such Vault or Cellar, of Iron or such other Materials and in such Manner as the Commissioners direct, and such Door or Covering shall from Time to Time be kept in good Repair by the Occupier of such Vault or Cellar; and if such Occupier do not within a reasonable Time make such Door or Covering, or if he make any such Door or Covering contrary to the Directions of the Commissioners, or if he do not keep the same when properly made in good Repair, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCLXXVII. That the Owner of every House or Building in, adjoining, or near to any Street shall, within Seven Days

T 3 ^GooSR

291

Improving Streeta.

Commissioners may cause existing Projections to be removed and Compensation to be made.

Doom in future to be made to open inwards.

Doors opening outwards may be altered.

Coverings for Cellar Doors to be made by Occupier.

Penalty for Neglect.

Waterspouts to be affixed to

292

Houses or Buildings *

Parties aggrieved may appeal to the Sheriff.

Ruinous or

dangerous

Buildings.

Ruinous or dangerous Buildings to be taken down or secured by Owners, &c.

If Owner, &c. neglect to repair, Commissioners may cause the same to be done, charging Owner, &c. with the Expenses.

Cap. 39. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT

next after Service of an Order of the Commissioners for that Purpose, put up, and keep in good Condition, a Shoot or Trough of the whole Length of such House or Building, and shall connect the same either with a similar Shoot on the adjoining House or with a Pipe or Trunk to be fixed to the Front or Side of such Building from the Roof to the Ground, to carry the Water from the Roof thereof, in such Manner that the Water from such House, or any Portico or Projection therefrom, shall not fall upon the Persons passing along the Street, or flow over the Footpath; and in default of Compliance with any such Order within the Period aforesaid such Owner shall be liable to $. Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that he shall so make default.

CCLXXVIII. Provided always, That as regards the improving the Line of any Street and removing Obstructions it shall be lawful for any Person whose Property may be taken or affected, and thinking himself thereby aggrieved, to appeal thereon to the Sheriff in manner herein-after mentioned.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to ruinous or dangerous Buildings, be it enacted as follows:

CCLXXIX. That if any Building or Wall, or any Thing affixed thereon, within the Burgh, be deemed by the Surveyor of the Commissioners to be in a ruinous State, and dangerous to Passengers or to the Occupiers of the neighbouring Buildings, such Surveyor shall immediately cause a proper Hoard or Fence to be put up for the Protection of Passengers, and shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to the Owner of such Building or Wall, if he be known and resident within the Burgh, and shall also cause such Notice to be put on the Door or other conspicuous Part of the said Premises, or otherwise to be riven to the Occupier thereof, if any, requiring such Owner or Occupier forthwith to take down, secure, or repair such Building, Wall, or other Thing, as the Case shall require; and if such Owner or Occupier do not begin to repair, take down, or secure such Building, Wall, or other Thing within the Space of Three Days after any such Notice has been so given or put up as aforesaid, and complete such Repairs or taking down or securing as speedily as the Nature of the Case will admit, such Surveyor may make Complaint thereof to the Sheriff, and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff to order the Owner, or in his Default the Occupier (if any), of such Building, Wall, or other Thing, to take down, rebuild, repair, or otherwise secure, to the Satisfaction of such Surveyor, the same, or such Part thereof as appears to them to be in a dangerous State, within a Time to be fixed by the Sheriff; and in case the same be not taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or otherwise secured within the Time so limited, or if no Owner or Occupier can be found on whom to serve such Order, the Commissioners shall with all convenient Speed cause all or so much of such Building, Wall, or other Thing as shall be in a ruinous Condition and dangerous as aforesaid to be taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or otherwise secured in such Manner as shall be requisite; and all the Expenses of putting up every

8, 1

293

Cftpt 33 *

loch Fence, and of taking down, repairing, rebuilding, or wearing such Building, Wall, or other Thing, shall be paid by the Owner thereof.

CCLXXX. That if such Owner can be found within the Burgh, and if, on Demand of the Expenses aforesaid, he neglect *r refuse to pay the same, the Sheriff shall, on a Certificate of such Demand, and Neglect or Refusal, signed by Two of the Commissioners, grant Decree against such Owner for Payment thereof, on which Decree all legal Diligence may proceed, or the Commissioners may proceed against such Owner in the Sheriff Small Debt Court, or otherwise as aocords of Law.

CCLXXXI. That if such Owner cannot be found within the Burgh, or if such Expenses are not otherwise fully recovered, the Oxnmissioners, after giving Twenty-eight Days Notice of their Intention to do so, by posting a printed or written Notice in a conspicuous Place on such Building, or on the Land whereon mch Building stood, may take such Building or Land, provided that such Expenses be not paid or tendered to them within the mid Twenty-eight Days, making Compensation to the Owner rf such Building or Land in the Manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," in the cmc of Lands taken otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and the Commissioners shall be entitled to deduct out of such Compensation the Amount of the Expenses aforesaid, and may thereupon sell or otherwise dispose of the said Building or Land for the Purposes of this Act.

CCLXXXII. That if any such House or Building as aforesaid, or any Part of the same, be pulled down by virtue of the Powers aforesaid, the Commissioners may sell the Materials thereof, or so much of the same as shall be pulled down, and apply the Proceeds of such Sale in Payment of the Expenses incurred in respect of such House or Building; and the Commissioners shall restore any Overplus arising from such Sale to the Owner of such House or Building, on Demand; nevertheless, the Commissioners, although they sell such Materials far the Purposes aforesaid, shall have the same Remedies for compelling the Payment of so much of the said Expenses as my remain due after the Application of the Proceeds of such Sale as acre herein-before given to them for compelling the Payment of the whole of the said Expenses.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to Objections to the Works to be constructed by or subject to the Approval of the Commissioners, and Appeal to the Sheriff from the Decision of the Commissioners, be it enacted as follows:

XJCLXXXIII. That Twenty-eight Days at the least before fixing the Level of any Street which has *i not been theretofore levelled or paved, and before making any Sewer where none was before, or altering the Course or Level of or abandoning aritojming any Sewerr the Commissioners shall give Notice of iMr detention by posting a printed or written Notice in a *omuDosm Place at each End of every such Street through or tMpfeefc fedi Wnrjc* is to be. undertaken, which Notice shall set t* T 4 forth

t on dongerou* Building*.

The Expenses to be leried on the Owner.

If Owner cannot be found. Commissioners may take the House or Ground, making Compensation.

Commissioners may sell the Materials, restoring to the Owner Overplus arising from the Sale.

Objection* t Work*.

Commissioners to give Notice of new Levels or Sewers.

Otyutiomtto

Works.

Meeting of

Commissioners to hear Objections.

Persons aggrieved by Orders of Commissioners may appeal to the Sheriff.

Notice to be given by Commissioners, and Appeal to the

ieriff.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

forth the Name or Situation of the Street intended to be levelled or paved, and the Names of the Places through or near which it is intended that the new Sewer shall pass, or the existing Sewer be altered or stopped up, and also the Places of the Beginning and the End thereof, and shall refer to Plans of such intended Work, and shall specify a Place where such Plans may be seen, and a Time when and Place where all Persons interested in such intended Work may be heard thereupon.

CCLXXXIV. That the Commissioners shall meet at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, to consider, in the Presence of the Surveyor of the Commissioners, any Objections made against such intended Work, and all Persons interested therein, or likely to be aggrieved thereby, shall be entitled to be heard before the Commissioners at such Meeting; and thereupon the Commissioners may, in their Discretion, abandon or make such Alterations in the said intended Work as they judge fit; and no such Work to which any Objection is made at such Meeting shall be executed unless the Surveyor of the Commissioners, after the Person making such Objection or his Agent has been heard, certify that the Work in hisfc Judgment ought to be executed, nor shall such Work be begun until the End of Seven Days after an Order for the Execution thereof has been duly made Lby the Commissioners, and entered in their Books.

CCLXXXV. That any Person liable to pay or to contribute towards the Expense of any of the Works aforesaid, or otherwise aggrieved by any Order of the Commissioners relating thereto, may, at any Time within Seven Days next after the making of any such Order, give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners that he intends to appeal against such Order to the Sheriff, and along with such Notice he shall give a Statement in Writing of the Grounds of the Appeal; and if within Pour Days next after giving such Notice the Party grant Bond to the Sheriff with Two sufficient Cautioners to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff, to abide the Order of the Sheriff, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Sheriff thereupon, the Work so appealed against shall not be begun until after the Judgment of the Sheriff upon such Appeal; and the Sheriff, upon due Proof of such Notice, [and upon such Caution being found, shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order thereon, either confirming, quashing, or varying the same, and shall award such Costs to either of the Parties, as the Sheriff in his Discretion thinks fit: Provided always, that the Appellant shall not be heard in support of such Appeal unless such Notice and Statement have been given and such Caution found as aforesaid, nor on the Hearing of such Appeal shall he go into Evidence of any other Grounds of Appeal than those set forth in such Statement as aforesaid.

CCLXXXVI. And in respect to Appeal as to all other Matters and Things which the Commissioners are by this Act empowered to do or perform or to authorize to be done or performed, and the Cost attending which is by this Act directed to

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. S3.

to be provided for by way of Private or District Assessment, the Commissioners shall, where not otherwise hereby directed, give Notice of their Intention to do or perform or to authorize to be done or performed such Matter or Thing, either by public Advertisement in some Newspaper circulating in the Burgh or in the County in which the Burgh is situated, or by posting Handbills in conspicuous Places in the Burgh, or by Notice in Writing to be transmitted through the Post Office or delivered personally or at their Dwelling Houses to the Individuals haying Interest, as the Commissioners shall think proper; and it shall be lawful for any Person whose Property shall be taken or affected, and who shall consider himself injured or aggrieved in respect of such other Matters and Things by this Act so directed to be done or performed and provided for, to appeal to the Sheriff from any Order made or Notice given by the Commissioners in respect of such Matters or Things, in the Manner and to the Effect herein last before provided and directed; and if such Matter or Thing shall not be made the Subject of Appeal to the Sheriff, or being appealed shall be allowed by him, the Commissioners may proceed with the same, and levy the Assessments in reference thereto authorized by this Act: Provided always, that the Decision of the Sheriff shall in all Cases be final and conclusive, and not subject to Review by Suspension, Reduction, or Advocation, or in any manner of way.

CCLXXXVII. And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to the Construction of Houses for Prevention of Fire, be it enacted, That the Party Walls of all Buildings erected after the Adoption of this Act by any Burgh shall be carried through and above the Roof, to form a Parapet of not less than Twelve Inches in Height, measured at Right Angles with the Slope of the Roof, above the Covering of the Roof of the highest Building to which such Party Walls belong; and all such Party Walls, and the external Walls of all Buddings, erected after the Adoption of this Act, in or near any Street, or within the Curtilage of any House adjoining any Street, shall be constructed of incombustible Materials, and the Coverings of the Roof thereof shall not, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Commissioners, be constructed of combustible Materuds; and it shall not be lawful for the Owner of any Building within the Burgh, having at the Date of the Adoption by such Burgh of this Act a Roof covered with Thatch or other combustible Material, and contiguous to or adjoining to any other Building, to suffer such Covering to such Roof to remain for a longer Period than Seven Years after such Adoption of this Act, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners; and every Person who shall erect any Building, or cover any Roof, or suffer the Covering of any Roof to continue, contrary to the Provisions herein contained, and who shall not remove or alter the same within One Month after Notice given to him for that Purpose by the Commissioners, shall be liable to

a Penalty

296

OlgectioM Ip Worht,

Decision of the Sheriff to be final.

Prtvtntion of Fin.

Party Wall* to be earned up through the Roof.

Walls of Buildings and Coverings of Roofs to be made of incombustible Materials.

Ventilation *

Regulating Construction of Buildings intended as Places for public Meetings.

No Person to begin to build until Plan has been approved by Commissioners.

If Commissioners fail to signify their Approval of ^lan within Seven Days, Party may proceed to build.

Persons may appeal against Determination of Commissioners.

Cellars in Courts not to be occupied as Dwellings after letting prohibited.

Cap. 33i Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICTc

a Penalty not exceeding One Pound for every Day that such Building or Covering to such Roof shall so continue.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to supplying Buildings with fresh Aar, be it enacted as follows:

CCLXXXVIII. That before beginning to build any Building intended to be used as a Church, Chapel, or School, or a Place of public Amusement or Entertainment, or for holding large Numbers of People for any Purpose whatsoever, within the Burgh, the Person intending to build the same shall give Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Commissioners, and shall accompany such Notice with a Plan and Description of the Manner proposed for its Construction, with respect to the Means of supplying fresh Air to such Building; and no Person shall begin to build such Building until the Manner proposed for its Construction, with respect to the Means for supplying fresh Air, have been approved of by the Commissioners; and in default of sending such Notice, or if any such Building be erected without such Approval, the Commissioners may cause such Building, or such Part of it as they consider necessary, to be pulled down or altered, at the Expense of the Owner, and any Expense incurred by the Commissioners in so doing may be recovered as herein-before provided with respect to ruinous or dangerous Buildings taken down or repaired by the Commit* sioners.

CCLXXXIX. Provided always, That if the Commissioners fail to signify in Writing their Approval or Disapproval of the Manner of Construction of such Building, with respect to the Means of supplying fresh Air shown on such Plan and Description as aforesaid, within Seven Days after receiving such Notice, accompanied by such Plan and Description, the Person giving such Notice may, notwithstanding anything herein contained, proceed to build the Building therein referred to in the Manner shown on such Plan and Description, provided that such Building be otherwise in accordance with the Provisions of this Act.

CCXC. Provided also, That if the Person so intending to build be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners as to the said proposed Manner of Construction, he shall have the same Right of Appeal against the Determination of the Commissioners, and such Appeal shall be conducted in the same Manner, as herein-before provided in the Case of Appeals against any Order of the Commissioners with; respect to Works to be constructed by or subject to the Approval of the Commissioners.

CCXCI. That it shall not be lawful to let separately, except as a Warehouse or Storehouse, or to suffer to be occupied as a Dwelling Place, any Cellar under any Hou Be in any Court within the Burgh, after the Commissioners have given Notice to the Owners thereof that the letting of Cellars as Dwelling Places in such Court is prohibited from that Time forth; and it shall be the Duty of the Commissioners to issue such Notices

from

297

1850/ Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33«

from Tim© to Time, as soon as is convenient, until such Notice has been given with respect to every Court within the Burgh.

CCXCII. That it shall not be lawful, after Prohibition by die Commissioners, to let or occupy or suffer to be occupied separately as a Dwelling any Vault, Cellar, or underground Boom (not being entirely open on one or other of its Sides) built or rebuilt after the Adoption of this Act, or which shall not have been so let or occupied before the Adoption of this Act, and it shall not be lawful, after such Prohibition, to let or continue to let, or to occupy or suffer to be occupied, separately as a Dwelling, any Vault, Cellar, or underground Boom (not being entirely open on one or other of its Sides) whatsoever, which Vault, Cellar, or Boom shall be less in Height from the Floor to the Ceiling than Seven Feet, or which shall be less than One Third of its Height above the Level of the Street or Ground adjoining the same, or otherwise shall not have Three Feet at least of its Height from the Floor to the Ceiling above the said Level, with an open Area of Two Feet and Six Inches wide from the Level of the Floor of such Vault, Cellar, or Boom up to the Level of the said Street or Ground, or which shall not have appurtenant thereto the Use of a Water-closet or Privy, or which shall not also have a glazed Window made to open to the full Extent of the Half thereof, the Area of which is not less than Nine Superficial Feet clear of the Frame, and a Fireplace, with a Chimney or Flue, or which Vault or Cellar, being an inner or back Vault or Cellar let or occupied along with a front Vault or Cellar as Part of the same Letting or Occupation, has not a ventilating Flue, (unless such inner or back Vault or Cellar shall be Part of a House built before the Adoption of this Act,) or which shall not be well and effectually drained by means of a Drain the uppermost Part of which is One Foot at least below the Level of the Floor of such Vault, Cellar, or Boom; but any Person considering himself aggrieved by any such Prohibition may within Ten Days after the same is made known to him appeal against the same to the Sheriff CCXCIII. That every Person who lets separately, or who knowingly suffers to be occupied for Hire as a Dwelling, any Vault, Cellar, or Boom within the Burgh, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and a further Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day during which such Vault, Cellar, or Room is so occupied after Conviction of the First Offence.

And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to the Supply of Water, be it enacted as follows:

CCXCIV. That the Commissioners shall cause all existing public Cisterns, Pumps, Wells, Conduits, and other Waterworks used for the gratuitous Supply of Water to the Inhabitants within the Burgh to be continued, maintained, and supplied with Water, or they shall substitute other such Works equally convenient, and shall cause them to be maintained and supplied with Water; and such public Cisterns and other Works shall be

Ventilation.

No Cellars under the Height of Seven Feet from the Floor to the Ceiling to be let as Dwellings.

Penalty on letting such Cellars as Dwelling Places.

Water.

Power to Commissioners to construct public Cisterns and Pumps for Supply of Water to Baths and Wash-houses.

Water *

Commissioner* may contract for Supply of Water.

For ascertaining Price to be paid for Water in case of Dispute.

Commissioners to cause Fireplugs, &c. to be provided and maintained.

Commissioners may provide sufficient Supplies of Water, and may erect Waterworks, &c.

In case of Waterworks constructed by Commissioners, the Water may be kept constantly under Pressure.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

be vested in the Commissioners, and be under their Management and Control; and the Commissioners may construct any Number of new Cisterns, Pumps, Conduits, and other Waterworks for the gratuitous Use of any Persons who choose to carry the same away, not for Sale, but for their own private Use, and may supply with Water any public Baths or Wash-houses.

CCXCV. That the Commissioners may contract, for any Period not exceeding Three Years at One Time, with the Owners of any Waterworks, or any other Person, for such Supply of Water as the Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act

CCXCVI. That if the Commissioners, and the Owners of any Waterworks authorized by Act of Parliament to supply Water within the Burgh, with whom the Commissioners may be desirous of contracting, do not agree as to the Price to be paid for such Supply, then such Price (except where by the Act authorizing such Waterworks some other Mode of determining such Price shall be provided) shall be settled by Arbitration, and for that Purpose the Clauses of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration, shall be incorporated with this Act.

CCXCVII. That the Commissioners shall cause Fireplugs, and all necessary Works, Machinery, and Assistance for securing an efficient Supply of Water in Cases of Fire, to be provided and maintained, and for this Purpose they may enter into any Agreement with any Water Company or other Party, and they shall paint or mark on the Buildings and Walls in the Streets Words or Marks near to such Fireplugs to denote the Situation thereof, and do such other Things for the Purposes aforesaid as they may from Time to Time deem expedient.

CCXCVIII. That the Commissioners may provide the Burgh with such a Supply of Water as may be proper and sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and for private Use to the Extent required by this Act; and for those Purposes, or any of them, the Commissioners may from Time to Time contract with any Person whomsoever, or purchase, take upon Lease, hire, construct, lay down, and maintain such Waterworks, and do and execute all such Works, Matters, and Things as shall be necessary and proper, including the opening of Streets from Time to Time, for the Purpose of laying down, altering, or repairing Water Pipes therein; and any Waterworks Company may contract with the Commissioners to supply Water for the Purposes of this Act in any Manner whatsoever, or may sell and dispose of or lease their Waterworks to the Commissioners; and the Commissioners may provide and keep in any Waterworks constructed or laid down by them under the Powers of this Act a Supply of pure and wholesome Water, and the Water so supplied may be constantly laid on at such Pressure as will carry the same to the top Story of the highest Dwelling House within the Burgh: Provided always, that before constructing or laying down any Waterworks under the Powers

of

18501 Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

of this Act within any Limits within, for, or in respect of which any Waterworks Company shall have been established for supplying Water, the Commissioners shall give Notice in Writing to every Waterworks Company within whose Limits the Commissioners may be desirous of laying on or supplying Water, stating the Purposes for and (as far as may be practicable) the Extent to which Water is required by the Commissioners; and it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to construct or lay down any Waterworks within such Limits if and so long as any such Company shall be able and willing to lay on Water proper and sufficient for all reasonable Purposes for which it is required by the Commissioners; and in case any Difference shall arise as to whether the Water which any such Company is able and willing to supply or lay on is proper and sufficient for the Purposes for which it is required by the Commissioners, or whether the Purposes for which it is required are reasonable, the same shall be settled by the Sheriff upon summary Application by either of the Parties.

CCXCIa. And be it enacted, That where the Commissioners are able and willing to supply the Houses or Tenements within the Burgh with Water for domestic and ordinary Purposes, the Owners of such Houses and Tenements shall be ^entitled to obtain such Supply by connecting a Service Pipe with the Main Pipes to be laid down by the Commissioners, the Expense of such Service Pipes and of connecting the same with the Main Pipes being defrayed by such Owners; and where the Houses and Tenements generally in any Street or Place within the Burgh shall be supplied with Water by means of such Service Pipes, it shall be competent to the Commissioners to require the Owner of any Tenement in such Street or Place not so supplied to take a Supply of Water by connecting a Service Pipe with the Main Pipe as aforesaid; and in the event of Refusal or Delay on the Part of such Owner to comply with such Requisition, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to enter upon such House or Premises and proceed to lay down such Service Pipe themselves, and to recover the Expense thereof from such Owner in the same Manner as Damages.

CCG. And be it enacted, That no Person within the Burgh shall be entitled, without special Agreement with the Commissioners, to use the Water supplied through the Pipes of the Commissioners except for domestic and ordinary Purposes; but where there is a Supply of Water more than is required for such domestic and ordinary Purposes within the Burgh, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to contract with any Person or Persons within the Burgh to supply any Public Baths and Wash-houses, Works, Manufactories, or other Premises within the Burgh with Water, at such Rate and upon such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed on; or in the event of Disagreement, either as to the Ability of the Commissioners to give the Supply or as to the Rate, Terms, or Conditions on or in respect of which the Supply is to be given, the same shall be fixed by the Sheriff upon summary Application by either

299

Water.

Commissioners, not to construct Waterworks,

Ac. if any Waterworks Company within the Burgh be able and willing to supply Water upon Terms.

Service Pipes to be laid by Owners.

Water to be used only for domestic and ordinary Purposes unless by Agreement with the Commissioners.

Water.

Penalty for injuring Waterworks, diverting Streams, or wasting Water.

Penalties on Persons for causing Water in Reservoirs to be fouled;

and on Proprietors of Gasworks, &c.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

either of the Parties, and the Decision of the Sheriff shall be final.

CCCI. That whosoever shall wilfully or carelessly brefck, injure, or open any Lock, Cock, Waste Pipe, or Waterworks belonging to or under the Management or Control of the Commissioners, or shall unlawfully flush, draw off, divert, or take Water from any Waterworks belonging to or under the Management or Control of the Commissioners, or from any Waters or Streams by which such Waterworks are supplied, or shall wilfully or negligently waste or cause to be wasted any Water with which he is supplied by the Commissioners, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty of Twenty Shillings for each Day whilst the Offence is continued after written Notice in that Behalf, which Penalties shall be paid to the Commissioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Owner or Occupier of any Premises through or by which any Streams may flow from using the same as they would have been entitled to do if this Act had not been passed.

CCCII. That whosoever shall bathe in any Stream, Reservoir, Conduit, Aqueduct, or other Waterworks belonging to or Under the Management or Control of the Commissioners, or shall wash, cleanse, throw, or cause to enter therein any Animal, Rubbish, Filth, Stuff, or Thing of any Kind whatsoever, or shall cause or permit or suffer to nm or be brought therein the Water of any Sink, Sewer, Drain, Engine, or Boiler, or other filthy, unwholesome, or improper Water, or shall do anything whatsoever whereby any Water belonging to the Commissioners or under their Management or Control shall be fouled, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Day whilst the Offence is continued, after written Notice in that behalf, which Penalties shall be paid to the Commissioners; and whosoever, being Proprietor of any Gasworks, or being engaged or employed in the Manufacture or Supply of Gas, causes or suffers to be brought or to flow into any Stream, Reservoir, Conduit, Aqueduct, or Waterworks belonging to or under the Management or Control of the Commissioners, or into any Drain or Pipe communicating therewith, any Washing or other Substance produced in the Manufacture or Supply of Gas, or shall wilfully do any Act connected with the Manufacture or Supply of Gas whereby the Water in any suet Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, or Waterworks is fouled, shall forfeit to the Commissioners for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and, after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing from them in this Behalf, a further Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Day during which the Offence is continued, or during the Continuance of the Act whereby the Water is fouled; and every such Penalty shall be recoverable, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt; and if any Water supplied by, belonging to, or under the Management or Control of the Commissioners be fouled in any Manner by the '

Gas

185& Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33L

Gas of any such Proprietor or Person as last aforesaid, he shall forfeit to the Commissioners for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and a further Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every Day whilst the Offence is continued after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing from the Commissioners in this Behalf; and for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Water is fouled by the Gas of any such Proprietor or Person the Commissioners may lay open and examine any Pipes, Conduits, and Works from which the Gas is supposed to escape, provided that before beginning so to do Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing be given to the Person to whom such Pipes, Conduits, or Works belong or under whose Management or Control they may be, of the Time at which the Examination is intended to be made; and if upon such Examination it appear that the Water has been fouled by the Gas proceeding from or contained in the Pipes, Conduits, or Works examined, the Expenses of the Examination shall be paid and borne by the Person to whom such Pipes, Conduits, or Works belong, or under whose Management or Control they may be, and be recoverable from him in the same Manner as Damages may be recoverable under this Act, or as any Debt may be recovered by the Law of Scotland; but if it appear that the Water has not been so fouled, then such Expenses, and all Damages occasioned by the Examination, shall be paid by the Commissioners out of the General Assessments levied under this Act, and be recoverable from them upon summary Application to the Sheriff, or otherwise as any Debt may be recovered by the Law of Scotland.

CCCIEI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to make Bye Laws regulating all or any Matters and Things whatsoever connected with the Water to be supplied within the Burgh through their Pipes.

CCCIV. And with respect to the Improvement of Burghs, and to Clocks, be it enacted, That the Commissioners may from Time to Time provide such Clocks as they consider necessary, and cause them to be fixed upon or against any public Building, or, with the Consent of the Owner and Occupier, upon or against toy private Budding, the Situation of which may be convenient for that Purpose, and may cause the Dials thereof to be lighted at Night, and from Time to Time alter and remove any such Clocks to such other like Situation as they shall consider expedient.

And with respect to Entry by the Commissioners or their Officers in execution of this Act, be it enacted as follows:

CCCV. That the Commissioners shall for the Purposes of this Act have Power, by themselves or their Officers, to enter, at all reasonable Hours in the Daytime, into and upon any Premises within the Burgh, as well for the Purpose of Inspection as for the Purpose of executing any Work authorized to be executed by them under this Act, without being liable to any legal Proceedings on account thereof: Provided always, that, except when herein otherwise provided, the Commissioners

sot

Water,

Commissioners may make Bye, Laws in refe* rence to Water.

docks.

Power to Commissioners to provide public Clocks.

Execution of Works by Commissioners,

Commissioners empowered to enter upon Premises for the Purposes of this Act.

Execution of Works by Commissioners.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Commissioners in their Duty.

Execution of Works by Owners,

As to Service of Notice on Owners and Occupiers.

Commissioners, in default of Owner or Occupier, may execute Works, and recover Expenses.

Occupier, in default of Owner, may execute Works, and deduct Expenses from his Kent.

How Expenses are to be recovered from Owner.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

or their Officers shall not make any such Entry, unless with the Consent of the Occupier, until after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours Notice for that Purpose given to the Occupier.

CCCVI. That every Person who shall at any Time obstruct the Commissioners, or any Person employed by them, in the Performance of anything which they are respectively empowered or required to do by this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

And with respect to ensuring the Execution of the Works by this Act required to be done by Owners or Occupiers, be it enacted as follows:

CCCVII. That where under this Act any Notice is required to be given to the Owner or Occupier of any Premises, such Notice, addressed to the Owner or Occupier thereof, as the Case may require, may be served on the Occupier of such Premises, or left with some Inmate of his Abode, or, if there be no Occupier, may be put up on some conspicuous Part of such Premises; and it shall not be necessary in any such Notice to name the Occupier or the Owner of such Premises: Provided always, that when the Owner of any such Premises, and his Residence, are known to the Commissioners, it shall be the Duty of the Commissioners, if such Owner be resident within the Burgh, to cause every Notice required to be given to the Owner to be served on such Owner, or left with some Inmate of his Abode; and if such Owner be not resident within the Burgh, they shall send every such Notice by the Post, addressed to the Residence of such Owner.

CCCVIII. That whenever, under the Provisions of this Act, any Work of any Kind is required to be executed by the Owner or Occupier of any Premises, and Default is made in the Execution of such Work, the Commissioners may cause such Work to be executed, and the Expense incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall, except in the Case in which such Expenses are herein directed to be defrayed by Drainage Rates, be repaid to them by the Person by whom such Work ought to have been executed.

CCCIX. That whenever Default is made by the Owner of any Premises in the Execution of any Work by this Act required to be executed by him, the Occupier of such Premises may, with the Approval of the Commissioners, cause such Work to be executed, and the Expense thereof shall be repaid to such Occupier by the Owner of such Premises, and such Occupier may deduct the Amount of such Expense out of the Rent from Time to Time becoming due from him to such Owner.

CCCX. That if the Owner of any Premises made liable by this Act for the Repayment to the Commissioners of any Expenses incurred by them do not, as soon as the same become due and payable from him, repay all such Expenses to the Commissioners, the Commissioners may recover the same from such Owner in the same Manner as Damages may be recovered under this Act, or as any Debt may be recovered by the Law and Practice of Scotland.

issa

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

303

CCCXL That the Commissioners may, by way of additional Execution of Remedy, require the Payment of all or any Part of the Ex- Work$ b penses payable by the Owner for the Time being from the Owners Person who then or at any Time thereafter occupies any such Power to levy Premises under such Owner; and in default of Payment thereof Charges on Oc-by such Occupier, on Demand, the same may be levied by Seizure may^dedurt the and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Occupier, in the same from his game Manner as any Assessment or Rate may be recovered from Rent-him under this Act; and every such Occupier shall be entitled to deduct from the Rent payable by him to his Landlord so much as is so paid by or recovered from him in respect of any such Expenses.

CCCXII. Provided always, That no Occupier of any Pre- Occupier not to mises shall be liable to pay more Money in respect of any Reliable for Expenses charged by this Act on the Owner thereof than the Amount of ' Amount of Rent due from him for the Premises in respect of Rent due. which such Expenses are payable at the Time of the Demand made upon him, or which at any Time after such Demand, and Notice not to pay the same to his Landlord, have accrued and become payable by him, unless he neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose by the Commissioners, truly to disclose the Amount of his Rent, and the Name and Address of the Person to whom such Rent is payable; but the Burden of Proof that the Sum demanded of any such Occupier is greater than the Rent which was due by him at the Time of such Demand, or which has since accrued, shall lie upon such Occupier: Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect any special Contract made between any such Owner or Occupier respecting the Payment of the Expenses of any such Works as aforesaid.

CCCXIII. That where any such Expenses payable to the Commissioners Commissioners by any Owner of any such Premises amount to ^yj^lo, r Ti"e more than Half the Amount of the net annual Value of such by OwSo? Building or Lands, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, Improvement at the Request of any such Owner, allow Time for the Repay- E*P*DSe* ment of such Expenses, and receive the same by such Instalments as they, under the Circumstances of the Case, consider reasonable, but so that the same be repaid by annual Instalments of not less than One Seventh Part of the whole Sum originally due, with Interest for the Principal Money from Time to Time remaining unpaid after the yearly Rate of Five Pounds in the Hundred during the Period of Forbearance; but all such Sums remaining due, notwithstanding the Commissioners have agreed to allow any Time for the Repayment thereof as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, at the Expiration of the several Times so allowed for Repayment thereof, be recoverable in like Manner as such respective Amounts would have been recoverable if no such Time had been allowed for Repayment thereof.

CCCXIV. That if the Occupier of any Premises within the Proceedings in Burgh prevent the Owner thereof from carrying into effect in case °.f TeJ*nt* respect of such Premises any of the Provisions of this Act, E^utiL of

Execution of Workt by Owners.

Respecting existing Contracts for building.

Respecting Contracts for Leases.

Special Order.

As to certain Matters authorized to be done by the Commissioners by Special Order only.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

after Notice of his Intention so to do has been given by the Owner to such Occupier, the Sheriff may make an Order in Writing requiring such Occupier to permit the Owner to execute all such Works with respect to such Premises as may be necessary for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act; and if after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Order such Occupier continue to refuse to permit such Owner to execute such Works, such Occupier shall for every Day during which he so continues to refuse be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and every such Owner during the Continuance of such Refusal shall be discharged from any Penalties to which he might otherwise have become liable by reason of his Default in executing such Works.

CCCXV. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to avoid any Agreement in Writing entered into before the Adoption of this Act for erecting or altering any Building, but the same shall be performed with such Alterations as may be rendered necessary by this Act, and as if such Alterations had been stipulated for in such Agreement; and the Difference between the Cost of the Work according to the Agreement and the Cost of such Work as executed according to the Provisions of this Act shall be ascertained by the Parties to the respective Agreements, and paid for or deducted as the Case may require; and if the said Parties do not agree upon the Amount of such Difference, the same shall, on the Request of either Party (Notice being given to the other), be decided by the Surveyor to the Commissioners, and for his Trouble in making such Decision each of the said Parties shall pay to the said Surveyor such Sum not exceeding One Pound, and to be disposed of for such Purposes of this Act, as the Commissioners shall direct.

CCCXVI. That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Lease or Agreement for a Lease whereby any Person may be bound to erect Buildings upon any Building Ground within the Burgh, but the Buildings mentioned in such Lease or Agreement shall be built, according to the Conditions which may be rendered necessary by this Act, in the same Manner as if this Act had been adopted and in operation at the Time of making such Lease or Agreement, and the same had been made subject thereto, and that without either Party being entitled to any Compensation.

And with respect to Things to be done by the Commissioners by Special Order only, be it enacted as follows:

CCCXVII. That where by this Act the Commissioners are empowered to do any Thing by Special Order only, it shall not be lawful for them to do such Thing unless the Resolution to do the same have been agreed to by the Commissioners in some Meeting whereof special Notice has been given, and has been confirmed in a subsequent Meeting held not sooner than Four Weeks after the preceding Meeting, and which subsequent Meeting has been advertised once at least in each of the Weeks intervening between the Two Meetings in some Newspaper circulating

1850. PoKce and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

culating within the Burgh, if any be, or otherwise in some Newspaper circulating in the County in which the Burgh is situated, and of which special Notice in Writing has been given to each of the Commissioners.

CCCXVIII. Provided always, That after any Resolution has been confirmed in a subsequent Meeting as aforesaid the Commissioners shall not proceed to carry the same into effect until after the Expiration of One Month from the Date of such Second Meeting, and during such Month such Resolution shall be advertised once at least in each Week in such Newspaper as aforesaid, and public Notice thereof shall also be given by means of Placards posted in public Places within the Burgh, and Reference shall in such Advertisement and Notice be made to some Place provided by the Commissioners where the Plan or Particulars of the Work or Matter to which such Resolution relates may be gratuitously seen by the Rate-payers; and if before the Expiration of such Month a Remonstrance in Writing against carrying into effect such Resolution or any Part thereof, signed by a Majority of the Rate-payers having Votes in the Election of the Commissioners, be presented to the Commissioners, such Resolution, or such Part thereof as such Remonstrance applies to, shall not be carried into effect; and where any such Remonstrance applies to Part only of any such Resolution, the Commissioners may either carry into effect the Remainder of such Resolution, or rescind the same, as they think fit

CCCXIX. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time, by Special Order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, build, or otherwise provide such Slaughter-houses as they think proper for slaughtering Cattle within the Burgh.

CCCXX. That the Commissioners may by Special Order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide Lands, Grounds, or other Places, either within the Burgh, or at a reasonable Distance therefrom, not exceeding Three Miles from the Centre of the principal Market Place, if any, or from the principal Office of the Commissioners, to be used as a Pleasure Ground or Place of public Resort or Recreation; and the Commissioners may from Time to Time level, drain, plant, and otherwise lay out and improve any such public Lands or Grounds for the more convenient Use and Enjoyment thereof.

CCCXXI. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time by Special Order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide, either within the Burgh or at a reasonable Distance therefrom, suitable and convenient Premises, to be used for public Baths and Wash-houses, and public open Bathing Places, and public Drying Grounds, for the Use and Accommodation of the Inhabitants within the Burgh in washing and drying Clothes and other Articles, and may fit up the same respectmly with all requisite and proper Conveniences, and from Time to Time enlarge, renew, and repair the same respectively, and afford the Use thereof respectively to such Inhabitants, at such reasonable Charges, and under and subject to such Regulations.

305

Special Order.

Final Resol u-tion not to be carried into effect for One Month, nor then if a Majority of the Rate-payers remonstrate against the same.

Commissioners may provide Slaughterhouses;

Places for public Recreation;

and Public Bathing Places and Drying Grounds.

306

Special Order.

Proportion of Baths for the Working Classes.

Charges for the Use of Baths.

Recovery of Charges for the Use of Baths, &c.

Publication of Bye Laws in regard to Baths,

&c.

Sale of Baths, See. on discontinuing them.

Application may be made to Parliament if additional Powers necessary.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

lations, as the Commissioners may deem expedient; and every Person who offends against any such Regulations shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Offence.

CCCXXII. Provided always, That the Number of Baths for the Use of the Working Classes in any Building provided by the Commissioners shall not be less than twice the Number of the other Baths of any higher Class.

CCCXXIII. That the Commissioners may from Time to Time make such reasonable Charges for the Use of such Baths, Bathing Places, Wash-houses, and Drying Grounds as they think fit.

CCCXXIV. That for the Recovery of the Charges at such Wash-houses and Drying Grounds the Officers, Servants, and others having the Management thereof may, at the Period of using the same, or at any subsequent Time, detain the Clothes or other Goods and Effects in or upon any such Wash-house or Drying Ground of any Person refusing to pay the Charge to which such Person may be liable, or any Part thereof, till full Payment thereof be made; and in case such Payment be not made within Seven Days, the Commissioners may sell such Clothes, Goods, and Effects, or any of them, returning the surplus Proceeds of such Sale, after deducting the unpaid Charge and the Expenses of such Detention and Sale, and the unsold Articles, if any, on Demand, to such Person.

CCCXXV. That a printed Copy or sufficient Abstract of the Bye Laws made by the Commissioners relating to the Use of such Baths, Bathing Places, and Wash-houses, so far as regards every such Bath, Bathing Place, or Wash-house, shall be put up in such Bath Room, Bathing Place, and Wash-house.

CCCXXVI. That whenever any of such public Baths, Bathing Places, Wash-houses, or Drying Grounds are deemed by the Commissioners to be unnecessary or too expensive to be kept up, the Commissioners may, by Special Order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, discontinue the same, and sell the Lands, Buildings, and Materials for the best Price that can reasonably be obtained, and convey the same accordingly; and the Purchase Money shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Commissioners, and be disposed of as the Commissioners direct.

CCCXXVII. That if it appear that any Works which the Commissioners deem necessary for promoting the Health or Convenience of the Inhabitants of the Burgh cannot lawfully be carried into effect by the Commissioners under the Powers vested in them by this Act, by reason either that the Monies authorized to be raised by them are insufficient for the Purpose, or that any Lands are required which the Commissioners are not by this Act authorized to take or use, or for any other Reason, the Commissioners may, by Special Order, as herein defined, but not otherwise, cause Application to be made to Parliament for an Act to enable them to execute such Works, and may defray the Expenses of such Application out of the Assessments authorized to be levied by them under this Act.

And

185a

307

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

And with respect to the Bye Laws to be made by virtue of Bye Law$. this Act, be it enacted as follows:

CCCXXVIII. That the Commissioners may from Time Bye L*-to Time make such Bye Laws as they think fit for the several Purposes for which they are by this Act empowered to make Bye Laws, and from Time to Time repeal, alter, or amend any such Bye Laws, provided such Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Law of Scotland or the Provisions of this Act, and be reduced into Writing, and have affixed thereto the Signatures of Two of the Commissioners, and, if affecting other Persons than the Officers or Servants of the Company, be confirmed and published as herein provided.

CCCXXIX. That the Commissioners, by the Bye Laws so to be made by them, may impose such reasonable Penalties as jm^tion of they think fit, not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Breach Penalties, of such Bye Laws: Provided always, that such Bye Laws be so framed as to allow the Sheriff or Magistrate before whom any Penalty imposed thereby is sought to be recovered to order the whole or Part only of such Penalty to be paid, or to remit the whole Penalty.

CCCXXX. That no Bye Law made by the Commissioners Bye Laws to be under the Authority of this Act, except such as relate solely confirmed* to the Commissioners or their Officers or Servants, shall come into operation until the same be confirmed by the Sheriff; and it shall be incumbent on the Sheriff, on the Request of the Commissioners, to inquire into any Bye Laws tendered to him for that Purpose, and to allow or disallow of the same as he may think meet.

CCCXXXI. That no such Bye Laws shall be confirmed Notice of Con-unless Notice of the Intention to apply for a Confirmation of the fi!rn, ation to h same have been given in One or more Newspapers circulating glveD* within the Burgh, if any be, or otherwise in some Newspaper circulating in the County in which the Burgh is situated, One Month at least before the Hearing of such Application; and any Person desiring to object to any such Bye Law, on giving to the Commissioners Notice of the Nature of his Objection Ten Days before the Hearing of the Application for the Allowance thereof, may, by himself or his Counsel or Agent, be heard thereon, but not so as to allow more than One objecting Party to be heard on the same Matter of Objection.

CCCXXXII. That for One Month at least previous to any A Copy of pro-such Application for Confirmation of any Bye Law a Copy of P08^ ByeUws the proposed Bye Laws shall be kept at the principal Office of ^ctJoo1*° the Commissioners, and all Persons may at all reasonable Times inspect such Copy without Fee or Reward; and the Commissioners shall furnish every Person who applies for the same with a Copy thereof or of any Part thereof, on Payment of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied.

CCCXXXIII. That such Bye Laws, when confirmed, shall Publication of be printed; and the Clerk to the Commissioners shall deliver a Laws* printed Copy thereof to every Person applying for the same, without Charge, or at a Charge not exceeding One Halfpenny;

308

Bye Lams.

Bye Laws to be binding on all Parties.

Evidence of Bye Laws.

Penalty on pulling down Boards.

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

and a Copy thereof shall be painted or placed on Boards, which shall be hung up on the Front or in some conspicuous Part of the principal Office of the Commissioners, and also on some conspicuous Part of the Works or Locality to which the same relate; and such Boards, with the Bye Laws thereon, shall be from Time to Time renewed as Occasion requires, and shall be open to Inspection without Fee or Reward; mid any such Clerk who does not allow the same to be inspected at all reasonable Times shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCCXXXIV. That such Bye Laws, when so confirmed and published, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient to justify all Parties acting under the same.

CCCXXXV. That the Production of a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws requiring Confirmation by the Sheriff, authenticated by the Signature of the Sheriff who approved of the same, and a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws not requiring such Confirmation, authenticated by the Signatures of Two Commissioners, shall be Evidence of the Existence and of the due making of such Bye Laws in all Prosecutions under the same, without adducing Proof of the Signature or Signatures of the Sheriff or Commissioners; and with respect to the Proof of the Publication thereof it shall be sufficient to prove that a Board containing a Copy thereof was affixed and continued in the Manner by this Act directed, and in case of its being afterwards displaced or damaged, that such Board was replaced or restored as soon as conveniently might be, unless Proof be adduced by the Party complained against that such painted Board did not contain a Copy of the Bye Law under which he is prosecuted, or that it was not duly affixed or continued as required by this Act

CCCXXXVI. That any Person who destroys, pulls down, injures, or defaces any Board on the Premises of the Commissioners on which any Bye Law of the Commissioners is painted or placed shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, be it enacted as follows:

CCCXXXVII. That all such Damages and Penalties may be recovered by summary Proceedings upon Complaint in Writing made by the Superintendent of Police or by the Procurator Fiscal to a Magistrate of the Burgh or to the Sheriff of the County within which such Damages or Penalty shall arise or be incurred, or to the Sheriff of any County in which the Offender may be found, and on such Complaint being made such Magistrate or Sheriff shall issue a Warrant for bringing the Party complained against immediately before him, or shall issue an Order requiring such Party to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Order; and every such Order shall be served on the Party complained against either in Person or by leaving with some Inmate at his usual Place of Abode

1850.

300

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

a Copy of such Order, and of the Complaint whereon the same has proceeded, and either upon the Appearance or on the Default to appear of the Party complained against it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Sheriff to proceed to the Hearing of the Complaint, and upon Proof either by the Confession or Admission of the Party complained against, or upon the Oath of One credible Witness or more, and without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, to convict or give Judgment against the Party complained against, and thereupon to decree, adjudge, and sentence him to pay the Damages or Penalty which have arisen or been incurred, and the Expenses attending the Proceedings, and to grant a Warrant for imprisoning him until such Damages or Penalty and Expenses shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrant shall specify the Amount of such Damages, or Penalty and Expenses, and shall also specify a Period at the Expiration of which the Party shall be discharged, notwithstanding such Damages or Penalty and Expenses snail not have been paid, and which Period shall in no Case exceed Two Months; and such Damages and Penalties shall be paid to the Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Collector, and be applied for the general Purposes of this Act within the Burgh; and the Decision of such Magistrate or Sheriff in all such Cases shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be subject to Review, or to be set aside on the Merits, or on any Ground of Want of Form or other Ground, or by Suspension, Reduction, Advocation, or Appeal to any Court whatever.

CCCXXXVIII. That the Prosecution for every Offence punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act shall be commenced within Six Months after the Commission of the Offence or after the Cause of Action shall have occurred.

CCCXXXIX. That every Person who, upon any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence, shall be liable to Punishment for Perjury.

And with respect to the borrowing of Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted as follows:

CCCXL. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to borrow and take up for the Purpose of procuring a Police Office, erecting a Slaughter-house or Weigh-house, or for erecting Lamps, or for making mid constructing Common Sewers, or for procuring or supplying Water or Gas, or for procuring Fire Engines, or for any of the other Purposes authorized by this Act, such Sum or Sums and at such Time or Times as the Commissioners shall deem necessary for such Purposes: Provided always, that in all Cases where it shall be necessary to borrow any Sum or Sums for the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they aie hereby authorized and required, at their first annual Meeting for Assessment after such borrowing, to assess all Oeenpiers of Premises within the Burgh liable in Assessment this Act, in such additional Assessment beyond the Sum U 4 necessary

Recovery of Damage* and Penalties,

Limitation of luminary Prosecutions.

Penalty on Persons giving false Evidence.

Borrowing of Money,

Power to Commissioners to borrow Money for the Purposes of this Act *

Borrowing of Money,

Commissioners not to be personally liable.

As to Bonds to be granted.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

necessary for the Purposes of this Act as will produce a Fund equal to Five per Centum per Annum upon the Sum or Sums so borrowed, and also to the annual Interest of such borrowed Sum or Sums, which Sum of Five per Centum per Annum the Commissioners shall annually appropriate, set apart, and invest, at the highest Rate of Interest which can be had for the same, in the Public Funds, or in any chartered or other Bank, or on heritable Security, as a Sinking Fund, applicable and to be applied by the Commissioners from Time to Time to the Repayment of the Money borrowed, until the Debt shall be extinguished: Provided always, that such additional Assessment shall at no Time increase the whole Assessment leviable beyond the maximum Rate of Assessment of Two Shillings4 and Sixpence per Pound Sterling, or One Shilling and Sixpence per Pound Sterling, as the Case may be, allowed by this Act; and provided also, that no Sum of Money shall be borrowed until an Estimate of the Amount required shall have been laid before the Commissioners, or until the Expiration of Six Weeks after public Notice shall have been given by the Commissioners of the Amount so proposed to be borrowed, and the Purpose to which the borrowed Money is to be applied, in some Newspaper in ordinary Circulation within such Burgh; and provided further, that the Proposal to borrow shall be disposed of at the next Meeting of the Commissioners Six Weeks after such public Notice, and that the Sum borrowed shall not exceed the Amount so advertised without a further Estimate and Notice in manner above provided.

CCCXLI. That no Commissioner or Officer acting under the Commissioners shall be personally liable for the Repayment of any Money so borrowed, but all such Obligations shall be deemed and taken to be granted on the sole Security of the Rates and Assessments authorized to be assessed and levied as herein-before provided.

CCCXLII. That all Bonds for Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be signed by the Treasurer or Collector of the Commissioners in Presence of Two of the said Commissioners, who shall sign as Witnesses thereto, and shall be in the Form and Tenor following; videlicet,

Number [here state the Number].

By virtue of an Act made in the Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act

[specify this Act]/9 1 A.B. [state whether Treasurer or Collector, or both/] of the Commissioners of Police for the Burgh c of [insert the Name of the Burgh], and by Authority of the said Commissioners, in consideration of the Sum of [insert the Sum in Words] instantly advanced and paid to me on

account of the said Commissioners, and for the Purposes of the said Act, by C.D. of E, do hereby bind and oblige the ' said Commissioners for the Time being, out of the first and ' readiest of the Monies to be raised under the annual Assessments by the said Act authorized to be imposed and levied,

to pay at the Term of [insert Term of Payment] to the said

C.D.,

1850.

311

Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

C.D., his Executors or Assignees, the said Sum of [state the Borrowing of Slum], and also the Interest thereof at the Rate of [insert Afa"y *

the Bate of Interest] per Centum per Annum from the Date hereof, at the Terms of Whitsunday and Martinmas in each

Year, till the said Sum is paid; and for the further Security ' of the said C.D. I do hereby assign to him, his Executors or

Assignees, such Proportion of the said Monies to be raised ' under the said annual Assessment as shall be equivalent to ' the said Sum now paid to me, and the Interest thereon as ' aforesaid from the Date hereof to the Term of Payment;

and I consent to the Registration hereof in the Books of ' Council and Session, or others competent, for Preservation,

and that all competent Diligence may pass and be directed ' hereon, in Form as effeirs, and thereto constitute

my Procurators. In witness whereof [insert Testing Clause in common Form]. j R '

K.L.y Commissioner.

M.N.y Commissioner. '

And till Repayment such Bonds respectively shall form a Lien on the Rates and Assessments under this Act assigned by such Bond, and shall entitle the Creditor under the same to recover the Contents thereof from the Commissioners and their Officers out of the first and readiest of such Rates and Assessments.

CCCXLIII. That such Bonds may be assigned by Indorsa- Bond* may be tion on the Back thereof in the Form and Tenor following; videlicet,

I C.D.y within designed, do transfer this Bond, with all Right, Title, or Interest which I have under the same, to E.F.y 4 his [or her, or their, as the Case may be,] Executors and ' Assignees. In witness whereof [insert Testing Clause in common Form].

K.L., Witness. 4 C.D.9

M.N., Witness. '

CCCXLIV. That before such Bond shall be delivered to the Bond* to i>e Creditor, or shall form a valid Lien on the Rates and Assess- recorded, and ments as aforesaid, the same shall be recorded in the Sederunt Book of the Commissioners, and a Certificate of such Registration re8lKered' shall be indorsed on such Bond, and signed by the Clerk of the Commissioners; and such Assignations shall be notified to the Treasurer of the Commissioners, who shall enter in the said Sederunt Book the Date of the said Assignation, the Names of the Parties thereto, the Number or Mark of such Bond, and the Interest due on the same; and a Certificate of such Entry shall be indorsed on the said Bond, and signed by the Treasurer, and the said Bond, being so certified, the Assignee, his Executors and Assignees, shall thereafter be entitled to the full Benefit of such Bond in Terms of such Assignation.

And with respect to the Jurisdiction of Magistrates of Police under this Act, and the Forms of Procedure before such Magistrates, be it enacted as follows:

CCCXL Y. That the Magistrates of Police of a Burgh under Jurisdiction of tin Act, or any One or more of such Magistrates, shall have ^der *

Jurisdiction this Act.

Jurisdiction of Police Comte.

Jurisdiction of Police Courts.

Magistrates of Police may appoint Procurator Fiscal.

Interim Fiscal.

Forms of Procedure in Police Court.

Forms of Procedure to be framed *

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT *

Jurisdiction in all Matters arising in such Burgh under this Act, and shall have all such and the like Jurisdiction within such Burgh as any Magistrate of a Royal Burgh, or any Dean of Guild of a Royal Burgh, has by the Law of Scotland within the Royal Burgh in and for which he acts as such Magistrate or Dean of Guild.

CCCXLVI. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates of Police under this Act to appoint, from Time to Time, by Writing, and during Pleasure, a fit Person to be Procurator Fiscal of the Burgh in which they act as such Magistrates, and such Procurator Fiscal shall within such Burgh have all such and the like Powers and Privileges as by Law appertain to any Procurator Fiscal of a Royal Burgh in reference to such Royal Burgh.

CCCXLVII. That in the temporary Absence of the Procurator Fiscal so to be appointed, occasioned by Indisposition or other necessary Cause, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates of Police to appoint a fit Person to perform ad interim the Duties of such Procurator Fiscal, in the Name of such Procurator Fiscal.

CCCXLVIII. That all Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings before the Magistrates of Police or any of them shall commence by a Complaint, written or printed or partly written and partly printed, at the Instance of the Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of Police, to be appointed as herein authorized, or at the Instance of any Person duly authorized to act for them respectively, in which latter Case such Proceedings, though subscribed by such Person, shall be commenced and conducted throughout in Name of the Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of Police respectively; and (with the Exception of Complaints against Chain-droppers, Thimblers, loaded Dice Players, and Offenders of that Description,) such Complaint, in all Cases of Theft, or of Reset of Theft, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, or of Breach of Trust and Embezzlement, shall bear that the Sum of Money or the Value of the Article stolen, resetted, obtained by Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, or embezzled, does not exceed Ten Pounds; and it shall not be competent thereafter to the Person accused (except where an Offer shall be made at the Time) to prove that the Money or Article stolen, resetted, obtained, or embezzled exceeded in Value the Sum of Ten Pounds; and the whole other Procedure before such Magistrates or any of them shall be conducted summarily, viva voce, and without written Pleadings; and no other Record shall be kept of the Proceedings, except the Complaint, and the Judgment pronounced thereon; and it shall not be competent to any Party who shall appear to answer to any Complaint to plead Want of due Citation or Informality in the Warrant or Execution.

CCCXLIX. That the Magistrates of Police and the Sheriff, with the Advice and Approbation of the Lord Justice General and the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, when necessary, to frame

Rules

1850. PoKce and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33 *

Buies and Regulations and Forms of Procedure calculated to despatch the Business in the easiest and most expeditious Manner, and from Time to Time to alter and amend the same, in order that the Provisions of this Act may be carried into full Execution.

CCCL. That if it shall appear, either in the preliminary Investigation of the Charges against any Person accused of having committed any Crime, Delinquency, or Offence within the Burgh, or during his Trial before the Magistrate, that such Person has been guilty of or is charged with any of the Crimes denominated the Pleas of the Crown, (videlicet,) Murder, Robbery, Rape, and Wilful Fire-raising, or with the Crimes of Stouthrief, or of Theft by Housebreaking, or of Housebreaking with Intent to steal, or of simple Theft to an Amount exceeding Ten Pounds, or of Theft by opening lockfast Places, or of Theft aggravated by being Habit and Repute a common Thief, or by having been Twice previously convicted of Theft, or of Reset of Theft, to an Amount exceeding Ten Pounds, or of Reset of Theft aggravated by having been Twice previously convicted of that Crime, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition to an Amount exceeding Ten Pounds, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition aggravated by having been Twice previously convicted of that Crime, or of Breach of Trust and Embezzlement to an Amount exceeding Ten Pounds, or of Breach of Trust and Embezzlement aggravated by having been Twice previously convicted of that Crime, or of Assault to the Danger of Life, or of Assault whereby any Limb has been fractured, or of Assault with any Knife or other lethal Instrument where Effusion of Blood has followed, or of AlsssuU aggravated by Two previous Convictions for that Crime, or of Assault with Intent to ravish, or of Attempt at Wilful Fire-raising, or of Culpable Homicide, or of Forgery, or of uttering Forged Bank or Banker's Notes, it shall not be competent for the Procurator Fiscal, or those acting under or for him, to insist in a Prosecution against such Person before the Magistrate, but the Magistrate shall commit the Person accused to Prison for Examination, and the Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of Police shall forthwith give Notice of such Commitment to the Procurator Fiscal of the County in which the Offence shall be charged to have been committed, in order that such Person may be proceeded against conformably to Law: Provided always, that the aforesaid Provision shall not apply to Chaindroppers, Thimbles, loaded Dice Players, and Offenders of that Description, whom the Magistrate is hereby specially empowered to try and sentence, whatever may be the Amount of the Sum specified in the Charge against them, or however often they may have been previously convicted.

CCCLI. That no Complaint at the Instance of any private Party, or of the Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of Police, (or any Offence under this Act, shall be received or entertained unless the same be presented within Six Months after the Comminon of the Offence.

318

Jurisdiction of PoKce Courts.

Certain Crimes not competent to be taken cognisance of in the Police Court.

Limitation of Police Prosecutions.

CCCLII. That

Jurisdiction, of Police Courts *

Superintendent in certain Cases may accept of Bail or Deposit

Persons in Custody to be taken before the Magistrate.

Authority to Officers to cite Parties and Witnesses.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement_(Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

CCCLII. That upon the Apprehension of any Person charged with any Offence under this Act, or with any Crime which may be competently tried before the Magistrate, it shall be lawful, in the Absence of the Magistrate, for the Superintendent of Police to accept of Bail or Deposit that such Person shall appear for Trial before the Magistrate at some Time and Place to be specified, and at all after Diets of Court, and to liberate the Person so apprehended upon Bail being found to an Amount not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or upon the Deposit of any Money or Article of Value to the Amount of the Bail fixed; and the Superintendent of Police, if Deposit be accepted, shall enter the same in a Book to be kept for the Purpose, and grant an Acknowledgment for the Money or Article so deposited: Provided always, that the Superintendent of Police may refuse, if he see Cause, to accept of Bail in any Shape; and the Refusal to accept Bail or Deposit, and detaining the Person so apprehended until the Case of such Person is tried in the usual Form, shall not subject the Superintendent of Police to any Claim for Damages, wrongous Imprisonment, or Claim of any other kind whatsoever.

CCCLIII. That every Person taken into Custody, and who shall be detained in Custody, shall be taken before the Magistrate not later than in the course of the first lawful Day after he shall be taken into Custody; and if the Nature of the Crime or Offence charged shall admit of its being competently tried before the Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for him to grant Warrant to commit such Offender to Prison, when remanded for affording Time to find Bail or for further Examination, such further Examination always taking place as soon as Circumstances shall permit, and without any unnecessary Delay; or if the Crime or Offence charged shall in the Opinion of the Magistrate merit a higher or greater Punishment than he can lawfully award, it shall be lawful for him to commit such Offender to Prison for Examination; or if the Crime or Offence charged, from having been committed beyond the Limits of the Burgh, falls to be tried in another Jurisdiction, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate to commit such Offender to Prison until disposed of according to Law; in either of which last Two Cases it shall be the Duty of the Superintendent of Police to give Notice of such Commitment to the Procurator Fiscal or other proper Officer for the City, County, Burgh, or other Jurisdiction within which the Crime or Offence was committed, in order that such Offender may be further proceeded with according to Law.

CCCLIV. That this Act shall be a sufficient Authority to the Constables for citing a Party charged with any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, or of any Bye Law made in virtue thereof, or at Common Law, and for summoning any Witness to give Evidence in relation to the same; and it shall be deemed a legal Citation of such accused Party or Witness if the Citation be delivered personally, or left at his Dwelling House, or at the Hotel, Inn, Lodging House, or other Place in which

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 315

vbfch he eats and sleeps (if no other Domicile can be found), rhdictio» of or in the Shop, Warehouse, Counting-house, or other Place of PoHc^Conrts, Business occupied by him, or, in the Case of a Master of or Seaman or Party employed in any Ship or Vessel, in the Hands of a Person on board thereof and connected therewith.

CCCLV. That Warrants granted by the Magistrate for ap- offenders re. prehending or citing Persons charged under this Act with having moving from committed Crimes and Offences, or for citing Witnesses for the to

Prosecutor or accused Parties, when such Persons or Witnesses be proceeded ire beyond the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of Police, shall against, be sufficient for apprehending or citing the Offenders and Witnesses within Scotland, and for conveying such Offenders as shall be taken into Custody in Terms of the Warrant to be dealt with according to Law, without the Necessity of such Warrants being backed or endorsed by any Magistrate other than the Sheriff of the County within which the same shall be so granted:

Provided always, that the Baid Warrants shall be executed against the Persons therein mentioned, and the Witnesses shall be cited by a Constable acting under the Authority of this Act

CCCLVI. That when any accused Person summoned to In certain answer to any Complaint charging an Offence inferring merely Casei the Payment of a pecuniary Penalty, and the finding of Caution A^ntPorother as aforesaid, shall, from Indisposition or other good Cause, fail Party, to attend at the Time and Place to which he shall have been cited, and for whom there shall appear a Procurator, Agent, or other Party duly authorized by such Person to act for him, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate, on such Procurator, Agent, or other Party admitting the Charge, or Part thereof, to pronounce Judgment, and fine such accused Person, and to ordain him to find Caution as aforesaid: Provided always, that in every such Case the Sentence shall bear that the Offence complained of, or such Part thereof as was admitted, was proved by the Confession of the Person charged in the Complaint.

CCCLVII. That where from the Absence of Witnesses for Examination of the Prosecutor in any Complaint, or from any other Cause, it witDeMes* becomes necessary to adjourn the Diet, and where Witnesses for the Accused in such Prosecution are in attendance, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate, at the Request of the accused Person, and if the Magistrate in the Circumstances shall deem it proper, to take the Evidence of the Witnesses for the Accused before the Proof for the Prosecution has been led or concluded; but the Accused shall in all such Cases be entitled to lead additional Evidence after the Prosecutor's Case has been concluded.

CCCLVm. That if any Person who shall be summoned as Penalty in ca»e a Witness to give Evidence before the Magistrate, either on of[Witnesses the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person accused, shall fail to ^rng ap" appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Failure, the Magistrate mij cause such Person to be apprehended and committed to Pmon until he finds Security to appear and give Evidence; and if sock Person shall not be apprehended until after the Case on

Jurisdiction of Police Courts.

Penalty in case of Witness refusing to give Evidence.

Witnesses prevaricating may be punished summarily.

In default of paying Fines Parties to be imprisoned.

Power to order Offenders to find Caution in lieu of Imprisonment or Fine;

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

which he had been summoned to give Evidence has been disposed of by the Magistrate, and it shall be made to appear that his Non-compliance arose from a Desire on his Part to defeat the Ends of Justice, such Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days: Provided always, that Proof on Oath shall be made that he had been duly summoned at least Twenty-four Hours before the Meeting of the Diet of Court

CCCLIX. That if any Person summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before the Magistrate, and appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or other Person privileged by Law to be examined upon solemn Affirmation, or after having been sworn or having undertaken to affirm, shall refuse to give Evidence touching or concerning the Subject Matter of Complaint, the Magistrate shall cause such Person to be committed to Prison for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

CCCLX. That if any Person, when under Examination on Oath or solemn Affirmation before the Magistrate, shall prevaricate, or wilfully conceal the Truth, it shall be lawful to the Magistrate, in open Court, and in a summary Manner, to adjudge the Person so offending to Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Thirty Days; and the Sentence awarding such Imprisonment shall set forth the Nature of such Offence; and if any Person, when under Examination on Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, shall wilfully or corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to the Case, or shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, although the Evidence be not recorded, every Person so offending, on being duly convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable to; and it shall be lawftd to the Magistrate to transmit such Person for Trial to a higher Criminal Tribunal, and for that Purpose to grant Warrant for his Imprisonment until disposed of according to Law.

CCCLXI. That in case any pecuniary Penalty authorized by this Act shall not be immediately paid or consigned in manner after mentioned, it shall be lawful to sentence the Person found liable in the same to be imprisoned till such Penalty be paid; but in no Case shall the Period of Imprisonment exceed Thirty Days.

CCCLXII. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrate, in lieu of any Punishment by Imprisonment or Fine, to ordain any Offender to find Caution for good Behaviour, or for keeping the Peace, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months, and under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in the event of such Person being detained for Want of such Caution, it shall be lawful to sentence the Person ordained to find such Caution to be imprisoned till Caution be found; but in no Case shall the Period of Imprisonment exceed Thirty Days.

CCCLXIII. That

185a

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

317

Jurisdiction of Police Cowrie.

CCCLXIII. That in every Case where an accused Party has been sentenced to Imprisonment, or to pay a Fine or pecuniary Penalty, in either of which Sentences the Period of Im- or to find Cau-prisonment specified does not extend to the Term of Thirty tion in addition Days, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate in addition to such ImPr"?.n* Sentence to ordain the Offender to find Caution as aforesaid ment or ine' from and after the Expiry of the Term of Imprisonment, or from and after the Payment of the Fine or pecuniary Penalty specified in the said Sentence, or from and after the Expiry of the Term of Imprisonment for Nonpayment thereof; and in case such Caution should not then be found it shall be lawful to sentence the Person ordained to find such Caution to be farther detained in the said Prison beyond the Expiry of the said Term of Imprisonment until such Caution be found; but in no Case shall the whole Period of Imprisonment, including the Period of Detention for not finding such Caution, exceed Thirty Days.

CCCLXIV. That in all Cases where Imprisonment takes Warrant of place under the Powers of this Act a short Extract of the Commitment Charge and Sentence, certified by the Clerk or his Depute, shall be a sufficient Warrant of Commitment.

CCCLXV. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrate, in juvenile Male the Case of juvenile Male Offenders whose Age in the Opinion Offenders may of the Magistrate shall not exceed Fourteen Years, instead of ^hich*£lsed by committing such Offenders to Prison, to adjudge them to be chastised by private Whipping, in such Manner and according to such Regulations as shall be made by the Magistrates and Sheriff.

CCCLXVI. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrate to Articles stolen, order all Goods and Effects, of whatever Kind or Description, &c- be *e-which may have been stolen, fraudulently obtained, or disposed , tored* of in breach of Trust, within the Burgh, and taken possession of by Officers acting in virtue of the Powers hereby conferred, and which it may be no longer necessary to detain for the Purpose of Evidence, to be restored to the proper Owners, upon vivd voce Evidence being adduced to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate that such Goods were so stolen, fraudulently obtained, or disposed of in breach of Trust, whether the Offenders have been secured and punished or not, and that without any other Form or Process of Law whatsoever.

CCCLXVII. That in Cases of Contempt of Court, or of Offenders m*y resisting, assaulting, or obstructing the Officers of the Law be punished when in attendance on the Police Court, it shall be competent c^tempfoff fcr the Magistrate, either of his own Motion summarily, and Court, without the Necessity of a Complaint or other Procedure, to punish the Offender by a written Sentence, specifying the Offence, and inflicting a Fine not exceeding Three Pounds, or Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, or to (Erect the Offender to be prosecuted after the ordinary Form at the Instance of the Superintendent of Police, in which Case the same Forms shall be observed and the same Punishment may be inflicted as in the Case of other Offences before the Magistrate u

Juriedietiom of Police Courtt.

Police Officers may be dismissed by the Magistrate,

Proceedings not to be void for Want of Form, and Judgments to be final.

No Stay of Execution to prevent Payment of Penalties.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotlandf). 13 & 14 Vict.

trate: Provided always, that when the Magistrate proceeds to punish summarily he shall cause a Record to be kept containing a Statement of the Facts which may have led to such Punishment.

CCCLXVIII. That it shall be lawful for the Magistrate, without the Necessity of any Complaint, to direct the Superintendent of Police to dismiss any Constable under him whose Conduct in any Proceedings that shall form the Subject of Investigation before the Magistrate shall, in the Opinion of the Magistrate, render such Constable unfit to be any longer retained in the Police Establishment, and such Constable shall be dismissed accordingly.

CCCLXIX. That no Order, Judgment, Record of Conviction, or other Proceeding whatsoever, concerning any Prosecution instituted before the Magistrate by virtue of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for any Misnomer or Informality; and all Judgments and Sentences pronounced by the Magistrate shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to Suspension or Advocation or Appeal, or any other Form of Review or Stay of Execution, unless on the Ground of Corruption, Malice, or Oppression on the Part of the Magistrate, of of such Deviations in point of Form from the statutory Enactments as the Court of Review shall think took place wilfully, or of Incompetency, including Defect of Jurisdiction of the Magistrate; and which Suspension or Advocation or Appeal, or Review or Stay of Execution, must be presented to the High Court of Justiciary within Fourteen Days after the Date of the Sentence complained of.

CCCLXX. That no Suspension or Stay of Execution of any Sentence pronounced by the Magistrate, in so far as concerns any Penalty, shall be competent to the Effect of preventing immediate Payment to the Clerk, or Consignation of the Amount of the said Penalty; and the Person against whom such Sentence shall be pronounced, if in Custody at the Time, shall be so kept, and if not in Custody at the Time shall immediately be taken into Custody, and so kept till the said Penalty be paid, and if the same be not immediately paid or consigned such Person shall be committed to Prison till liberated in manner herein mentioned; reserving nevertheless to any Person having paid or consigned such Penalty, if he shall consider himself aggrieved, to seek Redress as is herein-before provided; and in all Cases of Prosecution before the Magistrate under this Act it shall be lawful for the Magistrate whose Sentence shall be brought under Review in another Court to authorize the Expenses incurred in the Proceedings in such other Court to be defrayed out of the Assessment authorized to be levied for the General Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that at the first Meeting of the Commissioners after any such Sentence shall have been brought under Review as aforesaid the Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of Police shall make a Report of the Facts and Circumstances of the Prosecution on which any such Sentence shall have been pronounced and brought

under

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 319

under Review, and the Commissioners shall thereupon direct Jurisdiction of such Sentence so brought under Review to be defended or not, poUce Court9-

is to them shall seem proper; and if they shall direct such

Sentence not to be defended, then no Expenses incurred in

such Action by such Procurator Fiscal or Superintendent of

Police subsequent to such General Meeting shall be defrayed

out of the said Assessments.

CCCLXXI. That all Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines im- Fines to be posed by the Magistrate, and recovered, shall be paid to the cterk° Clerk, and shall be accounted for by him once every Month, or at such other Time or Times, as the Commissioners may direct, to the Collector, to be disposed of as herein mentioned; and the Procurator Fiscal is hereby directed, on the First Monday of every Month, to intimate to the Collector the Amount of the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines imposed in the previous Month.

CCCLXXII. That the whole Forfeitures, Penalties, and Application of Fines imposed by the Magistrate, and paid by the Clerk, shall Fenaltie*. be applied in Payment of the Expenses incurred in alimenting Prisoners detained in Custody in the Police Office or Station Houses: Provided always, that if such Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines shall not be sufficient for these Purposes, whatsoever further Sum may be required shall be paid from the Assessment authorized to be levied for the General Purposes of this Act; and if such Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines shall be more than sufficient for these Purposes, the Surplus shall form Part of the Funds for the General Purposes of this Act CCCLXXIII. That when any Person shall be apprehended, For Recorery ind afterwards liberated on finding Bail for his Appearance, Bonj^d and shall fail to appear, or when any Person who shall have Bonds of Cau-found Caution for good Behaviour, or for keeping the Peace, tion. m aforesaid, shall commit a new Offence inferring Forfeiture of such Caution, it shall be lawful for the Magistrate to declare the Sum contained in the Bail Bond or Bond of Caution to be forfeited, and to order the Cautioner to be summoned to make Payment thereof to the Clerk, within Six Days after the Date of such Citation, and in default of such Payment, after the Lapse of such Period, to grant Warrant for apprehending and imprisoning the Cautioner till the said Sum be paid, but which Period of Detention shall not exceed Thirty Days from the Time of Incarceration, and after such Imprisonment no further Procedure against the Cautioner shall be competent on the Bond; and when any Money or other Article shall be deposited by any Person as a Security for his Appearance, and such Person shall fail to appear, it shall be competent to the Magistrate to declare such Deposit to be forfeited; and if it be Money, it shall be forthwith ordered by the Magistrate to be paid to the Clerk; and if it be not Money, such Article so deposited shall be ordered by the Magistrate to be told by public Auction, and the free Proceeds shall be paid to the Clerk, and in both Cases accounted for by him along with the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines to the Collector, and

Jurisdiction of Police Courts.

Cautioners in Bonds.

Assessments in Burghs.

Assessments in Burghs having no Revenues.

Burghs maintaining Police to be exempted from County Assessment.

Incapacitated Persons authorised to sell.

Application of Compensation Money amount-ini* to 20CV.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

applied in the same Way and Manner as Forfeitures, Penalties, and Fines are by this Act directed to be applied.

CCCLXXIV. That any Bail Bond or Bond of Caution, the Cautioner in which is unable or shall declare he is unable to subscribe his Name, shall be valid and effectual if such Cautioner shall adhibit to such Bond his Mark in Presence of Two Witnesses, who shall subscribe the said Bond in testimony thereof.

CCCLXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Councils of Parliamentary Burghs in which there are no Means or no adequate Means of defraying the necessary Expenses of their Municipal Establishments and other Expenses attending the Administration of the Affairs of such Burghs respectively, to assess all Occupiers of Premises within such Burghs respectively valued at Three Pounds or upwards of yearly Rent in the Sums necessary for defraying the Expenses of such Municipal Establishments and Administration aforesaid, but in no Case to mi Amount exceeding Three-pence in the Pound of the yearly Rent of such Premises; and such Assessment shall be imposed, levied, and recovered in such and the like Manner, from the same Descriptions of Persons and Property, and under the like Provisions and Exceptions, as the Assessments leviable under this Act for other Purposes are authorized to be imposed, levied, and recovered by the Commissioners.

CCCLXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Burgh in which a Police is maintained by Assessment upon such Burgh under the Provisions of this Act shall be liable for any Assessment for the Police Purposes of the County in which such Burgh is situated, anything in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCCLXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Corporations, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors, or Curators for Infants, Minors, furious or fatuous Persons, and married Women, and to and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity of any kind whatever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Lands or other Heritages, whether held in Fee Simple or under Entail, which may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to contract and agree with the Commissioners for the Sale of, and to sell and convey to the Commissioners, all or any of such Lands or other Heritages, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all and every such Corporation, Trustee, Heir of Entail, Tutor or Curator, married Woman, and other Person, is, are, and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

CCCLXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Monies shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands or Heritages purchased.

321

Police and Improvement (Scotland).

Cap. 33.

chased, taken, or used for the Purposes of tlii& Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or as a Recompence for Damages caused thereby, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into a chartered or other Bank, and without Fee or Reward; and such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Court of Session, to be signified by an Order made upon a summary Petition to be preferred by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Heritages, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands or Heritages, or affecting other Lands or Heritages standing settled to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be 90 applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or destined, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchases shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

CCCLXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands or Heritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their (median or Guardians in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands,) be paid into one of the said Banks, and shall be ordered to be applied in manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Combiners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before *8 X 2 directed,

AsseumenU in Burght.

Application when less than 200/. and not less than 20/.

Assessments in

Burghs.

Application where less than 201.

In case of not making out Titles, the Court may order Payments and Expenses.

Where Questions arise touching the Title to any Money.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court.

CCCLXXX. And be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

CCCLXXXI. And be it enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be payable as aforesaid shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to make good a Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so payable as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Heritages be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, to pay the Sum and Sums of Money so payable as aforesaid into one or other of the said Banks, as the Case may be, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Heritages, describing them, if they are known, and if they are not known, then generally to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Heritages, without any Description of them, subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, or either of the Divisions thereof, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by summary Petition, shall be and are hereby empowered to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of such Bank who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the same, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into such Bank or Banks as aforesaid.

CCCLXXXII. And be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into any such Bank as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Interest of such Money, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of the Lands or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Heritages, according

323

18501 Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33.

cording to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to Asseument* u the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and the Inte- Burgh*. rest of such Money, and also the Principal Sums, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

CCCLXXXIII. And be it enacted, That where, by reason Court may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or order Payment Corporation entitled to any Lands or Heritages to be purchased ceruiiTcaaea!11 under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into any of the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Session to order the Expenses of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expenses as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

CCCLXXXIV. And be it enacted, That the Rights of Rights of all Heritable Property to be acquired in the Execution of this Act shall be taken in favour of the Clerk of the Commissioners taken, for the Time, and his Successors in Office; and such Rights shall be sufficient for vesting the Subjects in the Commissioners and their Successors in Office; and all Contracts, Agreements,

Sales, and Conveyances, or other Deeds or Writings constituting such Right, may be made according to the following Form:

J A.B. in consideration of to Form of Con-

me paid [or in consideration of the annual Rent of reyance.

to me to be hereafter paid by yearly or half-yearly Payments,

as may be agreed on,] by the Commissioners of Police for the

Burgh of do hereby grant, dispone, and convey

to as Clerk, to and for behoof of the said

i Commissioners, and his Successors in Office, all and whole c [describing the Premises to be conveyed], and all my Right,

1 Title, and Interest to the same, to be holden by the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, by virtue of an Act

[specify this Act]. In witness whereof I have subscribed

these Presents, written by this Day

1 of in the Year of our Lord before

these Witnesses [here insert Witnesses Names and Desiqna- tions,

Which said Conveyance, being registered in the Register of Sasines of the Burgh or of the County respectively in which the Premises conveyed shall be situated, and which the respective Keepere of the Registers are hereby authorized and required to register, shall receive the same Effect and be as valid and

X 3 effectual

324

Assessments in Burghs.

Where any Act or Decision, &c. declared final, the same shall not be revievr-able.

Burghs which hare adopted 8 & 4 W.4. c. 46. may adopt this Act, and thereafter the said Act shall cease to apply.

Burghs having Local Acts may adopt this Act, and thereupon Local Acts to be repealed.

Contracts under former Act to be saved.

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if a formal Disposition had been executed, and followed by Sasine recorded according to the Form of the Law of Scotland^ any Law, Statute, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCCLXXXV. And be it enacted, That wherever any Act, Decision, Determination, Declaration, or Deliverance of any Sheriff or Magistrate, or Preses of a Meeting, Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person whatever, is by this Act declared to be final, the same shall not be subject to be set aside or reviewed or affected by any Court or Judicature, upon any ground or in any manner of way whatever.

CCCLXXXVI. And be it enacted* That any Burgh which has already adopted, in whole or in part, the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act, may, notwithstanding, adopt this Act, in whole or in part, in the Manner hereby authorized; but from and after the Date of the Adoption of this Act, in whole or in part, by such Burgh, the said first-recited Act shall cease to apply thereto, and shall, as regards such Burgh, be thenceforward held as repealed, and it is hereby, from and after such Date, as regards such Burgh, repealed accordingly.

CCCLXXXVII. And be it enacted, That any Burgh or Place possessed of any Local Act or Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of regulating the Police thereof, or for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, or improving the same, may, notwithstanding, adopt this Act, in whole or in part, in the Manner hereby authorized; and from and after the Date of the Adoption of this Act, in whole or in part, by such Burgh or Place, such Local Act or Acts shall cease to apply to or be in operation in such Burgh or Place, and shall as regards such Burgh or Place be held ae repealed; and all such Local Acts are hereby, from and after such Date, as regards such Burgh or Place, repealed accordingly, in so far only as regards the Subject Matter adopted in such Burgh under this Act.

CCCLXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when this Act shall be adopted, in whole or in part, in any Burgh which had previously adopted, in whole or in part, the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act, or in any Burgh or Place which had previously possessed a Local Act or Acts as aforesaid, all Bonds, Contracts, Covenants, Agreements, and Securities made and entered into, and all Assessments imposed or to be imposed under and by virtue of such first-recited Act, or of such Local Act or Acts, in so far as regards anything done under such Acts or any of them previous to the Adoption of this Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect, and shall continue available and binding on all concerned; and nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Debts, Rights, or Claims of any Creditor under such first-recited Act, or under such Local Act or Acts; and the Officers appointed under and employed in the Execution of such first-recited Act and of such Local Act or Acts shall continue to exercise their

1850. Police and Improvement (Scotland). Cap. 33. 325

Offices until they are respectively superseded or legally removed therefrom under the Authority of this Act.

CCCLXXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Jurisdiction Jurisdiction of conferred by this Act shall be held to exclude the Jurisdiction Co}^ta of Gudd of any Court of Guild, where the Case shall, in the first instance, to preserv have been brought before or taken up by such Court of Guild.

CCCXC. And be it enacted, That any of the Enactments Act m*y be in-of this Act may be incorporated, in whole or in part, with any Act to be passed in the present or any future Session of Parlia-, in par£ ment; and for the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this any future Act. Act with any Act hereafter to be passed, it shall be sufficient to describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

CCCXCI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act may be or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session , me, lded»&c# of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Notice is hereby given, That in virtue of the Powers contained in an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of

Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act " [specify this Act], the Occupiers of Premises in the Burgh of [or, where the Boundaries have been ascertained by Proceedings under this Act, within the Boundaries following, viz., repeat them at in the recorded Deliverance of the Sheriff,] of the real yearly Rent or Value of ^C10 or upwards, are hereby required to meet upon the Day of next, at

of the Clock, within when the said Act shall be laid

before the Meeting, with the view of adopting it in whole or in part.

Dated at the Day of 18

(Signed)

E. F., Chief or Senior Magistrate, or Sheriff [as the Case may be].

326

Cap. 33. Police and Improvement (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of the Book to be used at the Meeting for

RESOLVING WHETHER THIS ACT SHALL COME INTO OPERATION.

Adopt, or not, the Provisions of Act, in so far as respects Qualifications of Voters. Signatures of Voters.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of the Book to be used in the Election of Commissioners.

Names and Designations of Commissioners voted for. Qualifications of Electors. Signatures of Electors.

1. 2.

185a

Turnpike Roads (Ireland).

Cap. 34.

327

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS certain Acts for making, amending, and repairing the Turnpike Roads in Ireland were, by an Act ' passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and ' Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, amended ' and continued for a Time therein limited: And whereas the ' said Acts were further continued from Time to Time, save as

specially excepted s And whereas, under the Provisions of an' ' Act of the last Session of Parliament, the said Acts, save as

therein excepted, are further continued, and will remain in force until the Thirty-first Day of July in the present Year,

or, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then i Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the several Acts for making, amending, or repairing Turnpike i Roads in Ireland should be further continued:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Act for making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road or Roads in Ireland which will expire on the said Thirty-first Day of July in the present Year, or at or before the End of the present or next ensuing Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby continued, as amended by the said recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament

IL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall apply or extend to an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Dublin, by Ashbourne, to Slane and Drogheda, or to an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Lisburn in the County of Antrim to the Town of Monaghan, or to an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castle-comer in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the Town of Leighlin Bridge in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

13 & is Vict. c. 47.

Acts for malting, See. Turnpike Roads in Ireland which will expire on Slat July 1850, &c. further continued.

Nothing in this Act to extend to Acts 7A8 G.4. c. lxvi .;

9 G. 4. c. lxxx .;

or 1 A 3 G. 4. c. xxxriii.

Act majr be emended, &c.

328

Cap. 35.

Court of Chancery.

13 & 14 VICT.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to diminish the Delay and Expense of Pro-y /y ceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England.

[15th July 1850.]

WHEREAS Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery ' in England are attended with great Delay and Expenge,

which it is expedient to diminish Be it therefore enacted jby Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice — and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Power to Per- rity of the same^That it shall be lawful for Persons interested M>ns interested or claiming to be interested in any Question cognizable in the cognhSde^n said Court as to the Construction of any Act of Parliament,

Court of Chin- Will, Deed, or other Instrument in Writing, or any Article, SC, Tial Cases Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, or as to the Title or faTthe Opinion Evidence of Title to any Real or Personal Estate contracted to of the Court, be sold or otherwise dealt with, or as to the Parties to or the Form of any Deed or Instrument for carrying any such Contract into effect, or as to any other Matter falling within the original Jurisdiction of the said Court as a Court of Equity, or made subject to the Jurisdiction or Authority of the said Court by any Statute not being One of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, and including among such Persons all Lunatics, married Women, and Infants, in the Manner and under the Restrictions herein-after contained, to concur in stating such Question in the Form of a Special Case for the Opinion of the said Court, and it shall also be lawful for all Executors, Administrators, and Trustees to concur in such Case.

II. And be it enacted, That the Committee of the Estate of any Lunatic interested or claiming to be interested in any such Question as aforesaid may, after having been authorized in that Behalf by the Lord Chancellor, concur in such Case in his own Name and in the Name and on the Behalf of the Lunatic.

III. And be it enacted, That a Husband interested or claiming to be interested in right of his Wife in any such Question as aforesaid may concur in such Case in his own Name and in the Name of his Wife where the Wife has no Claim to any Interest distinct from her Husband, and that a married Woman having or claiming any Interest in any such Question as aforesaid distinct from her Husband may in her own Right concur in such Case, provided that her Husband also concurs therein.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Guardian of any Infant interested or claiming to be interested in any such Question as aforesaid may concur in such Case in the Name and on the Behalf of the Infant, unless such Guardian has an Interest in such Question adverse to the Interest of the Infant therein.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court, by Order to be made in the Matter of any Lunatic not found such by Inquisition, or, in the Matter of any Infant, upon the Application of any Person on the Behalf of such

Lunatic,

How Lunatic may concur.

How married Women may concur.

How Infant may concur.

How special Guardian to be appointed for a Lunatic not found such by

1850.

329

Court of Chancery. Cap. 35.

Lunatic, or upon the Application of such Infant, by Motion Commission,

or Petition, to appoint any Person shown by Affidavit to be a and for Infant-

it Person, and to have no Interest adverse to the Interest of the Lunatic or Infant, to be the special Guardian of such

Lunatic or Infant for the Purpose of concurring in such Case

in the Name and on behalf of the Lunatic or Infant, and any such Person so appointed may lawfully so concur: Provided

ilways, that it shall be lawful for the said Court to require

Notice of such Application to be given to such Person, if any,

as the Court shall think fit

VI. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which any. Order to ap-such Order as aforesaid shall have been made by the said Court Point special in the Matter of any Infant without Notice to the Guardian of ^nfmay be" the Infant, it shall be lawful for the said Court, if it shall think discharged by fit so to do, to discharge such Order, upon the Application of c?urt if made such Guardian, by Motion or Petition; and the said Court, if wlihoutNot, cc-it shall think fit, may thereupon appoint some other fit Person to be the special Guardian of such Infant for the Purpose of such Special Case, and may also 'give such Directions as may be necessary for substituting in such Special Case either the Name of the Guardian so applying, or of the special Guardian so appointed in lieu of the Name of the special Guardian so displaced: Provided always, that the Discharge of any Order appointing a special Guardian shall not invalidate anything which shall in the meantime have been done by such special Guardian, unless the Court shall, upon Notice to all Parties, specially so direct.

VII. And be it enacted, That every such Special Case shall How such be entitled as a Cause between some or one of the Parties inte- Sp|*ial 9?*? rested or claiming to be interested as Plaintiffs or Plaintiff, and to entl the others or other of them as Defendants or Defendant; and that in the Title to such Cases Lunatics and Infants shall be described as such, and their Committees, Guardians, or special Guardians named; and that where in any such Case a married Woman is named as a Plaintiff and her Husband as a Defendant thereto, a next Friend of such married Woman shall be named in the Title to such Case.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every such Special Case Form of Special shall concisely state such Facts and Documents as may be Case, necessary to enable the Court to decide the Question raised thereby; and that upon the Hearing of such Case the Court and the Parties shall be at liberty to refer to the whole Contents of Such Documents; and the Court shall be at liberty to draw from the Facts and Documents stated in any such Special Case any Inference which the Court might have drawn therefrom if proved in a Cause.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Special Case to which an Infant or Lunatic is a Party by his Guardian or llcon5tltute<i medal Guardian shall also state how such Guardian or special InTthe^n^ ' Guardian was constituted; and that where any married Woman having or claiming any Interest distinct from her Husband is a

Part

rarty

Special Case to state how Guar-

currence of

married

Women.

Special Cases to be signed by Counsel, and filed, and Appearances to be entered by Defendants.

After a Special Case filed, Parties to be bound by Statements after Defendants hare appeared, except married Women, In* fonts, and Lunatics, who are not to be bound till Leave given by Court to set it down.

How Case to be set down for Hearing.

When a married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic is a Party, Application to be made to the Court for Leave to set the Case down.

Cap. 35. Court of Chancery. 13 & 14 VICT.

Party to such Case, it shall be stated therein that she concurs in such Case in her own Right.

X. And be it enacted, That every such Special Case shall be signed by Counsel for all Parties, and shall be filed in the Borne Manner as Bills are filed, and that the Defendants may appear thereto in the same Manner as Defendants appear to Bills; and that no Defendant shall be required to take an Office Copy of a Special Case, but an Office Copy thereof shall be taken by the Plaintiff.

XL. And be it enacted, That after a Special Case shall have been filed, and the Defendants shall have appeared thereto, all the Parties to such Special Case shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Court in the same Manner as if the Plaintiff in the Special Case had filed a Bill against the Parties named as Defendants thereto, and such Defendants had appeared to such Bill; and upon the Special Case being filed, and Appearances entered thereto as aforesaid, all Parties to such Special Case, other than married Women, Infants, and Lunatics, shall, for the Purposes of such Special Case, be bound by the Statements therein; and that married Women, Infants, and Lunatics made Parties to a Special Case shall, for the Purposes of such Special Case, be bound by the Statements therein, when, and not before. Leave shall have been given by the Court to set down such Special Case in manner herein-after provided.

XII. And be it enacted, That so soon as all the Defendants shall have appeared to the Special Case the same may, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be set down for Hearing, and Subpoenas to hear Judgment issued and served according to the Practice of the said Court.

XIII. And be it enacted, That when any married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic is Party to a Special Case, Application may be made to the Court by Motion for Leave to set down the same, of which Motion Notice shall be given to every Party to such Case in whom, as Executor, Administrator, or Trustee, any Property in question therein is or is alleged to be vested in trust for or for the Benefit of such married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic, and also if such Application be not made by or on behalf of such married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic, to such married Woman and her Husband, or to such Infant, or to such Lunatic and his Committee, if any, as the Case may be; and that upon the Hearing of such Motion the said Court may give Leave to set down such Case, if it shall be of opinion that it is proper that the Question raised therein shall be determined thereon, and shall be satisfied by Affidavit or other sufficient Evidence that the Statements contained therein, so far as the same affect the Interest of such married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic, are true, but otherwise may refuse such Application: Provided always, that in case the said Court, upon the Hearing of such Application, shall be of opinion that it is proper that the Question raised in such Case shall be determined thereon, but shall not be satisfied that the Statements contained therein, so far as they affect the Interest of such married Woman, Infant, or Lunatic, are true, it shall be

1850. Court of Chancery. Cap. 35. 331

be lawful for the said Court to refer it to One of the Masters thereof to make such Inquiries as to the Court shall seem proper, and upon further Application being made, by Motion as aforesaid, upon the said Master's Report, to give or refuse Leave to set down such Cose as to the said Court shall seem fit.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Upon Hearing, Court, upon the Hearing of any such Special Case as aforesaid, Court to deter-to determine the Questions raised therein or any of them, and

by Decree to declare its Opinion thereon, and, so far as the Case duration, shall admit of the same, upon the Right involved therein, without proceeding to administer any Relief consequent upon such Declaration; and that every such Declaration of the said Court contained in any such Decree shall have the same Force and Effect as such Declaration would have had, and shall be binding to the same Extent as such Declaration would have been, if contained in a Decree made in a Suit between the same Parties instituted by Bill: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for Proviso that a the said Court, if it shall see fit so to do, before proceeding to c*se make such Decree as aforesaid, to send any Case or Cases for La^tCourtm0n the Opinion of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Common Law, reserving the Consideration of all further Directions and of the Costs, and to make such Decree as aforesaid upon such further Directions; provided also, that if upon the Hearing of such Proviso that Special Case as aforesaid the Court shall be of opinion that the f^7o*decidT Questions raised thereby or any of them cannot properly be decided upon such Case, the said Court may refuse to decide the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Executor, Administrator, Protection to be

Trustee, or other Person making any Payment or doing any Act V *

in conformity with the Declaration contained in any Decree Declaration, made upon a Special Case shall in all respects be as fully and effectually protected and indemnified by such Declaration as if such Payment had been made or Act done under or in pursuance of the express Order of the said Court made in a Suit between the same Parties instituted by Bill, save only as to any Rights or Claims of any Person in respect of Matters not determined by such Declaration.

XVI. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be The Court may desirous to have a Special Case re-heard, or to appeal from *usP*nd the Decision thereon, it shall be lawful for the said Court, DecUratwn. upon Application for that Purpose, either at the Time of the

Decree upon such Special Case being made or at any Time afterwards, and upon such Conditions, if any, as the Court shall think fit, to order that the Declaration contained in such Decree shall not be acted upon for such Time as the said Court shall think just.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the filing of a Special Case, Special Case to and the entering of Appearances thereto by the Persons named Jj a Li* p*" as Defendants therein, shall be taken to be a Lis pendens, and ^"egUtemT/ may be registered under the Provisions of an Act made and

passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

mtHuled An Act for the better Protection of Purchasers against 2 & 3 Vict. c.n.

Cap. 35.

Court of Chancery.

13 & 14 VICT.

Mode of identi-tying Documents, and Court may order Production.

Court, on Application of Executors or Administrators, may by Order of course direct it to be referred to a Master to take an Account of Debts and Liabilities.

Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy, in like Manner as any other Lis pendens in a Court of Equity may now be so registered, and, unless and until so registered, shall not bind a Purchaser or Mortgagee without express Notice thereof.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That any Documents referred, to in a Special Case, and any Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, identified by the Signature of the Solicitors for all Parties or of the London Agents of such Solicitors, may be produced and read at the Hearing of such Case, without further Proof; and that it shall be lawful for the said Court, at any Time after the filing of the Special Case, and the entering of Appearances thereto by the Persons named as Defendants therein, to order any Document which may be admitted thereby to be in the Possession of any Party to such Case to be deposited and pro-

!U A^uced in such Manner and for such Purposes as the Court shall

"think fit.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient to provide Means for ' enabling Executors or Administrators of deceased Persons to ' ascertain whether there are any outstanding Debts or Liabilities affecting the Personal Estates of such Persons, without the 6 Delay and Expense of Suits to administer such Estates:* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court, upon the Application of the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Person, by Order to be made upon Motion or Petition of course, and to be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto, with such Variations as Circumstances may require, to refer it to One of the Masters of the said Court to take an Account of the Debts and Liabilities affecting the Personal Estate of such deceased Person, and to report thereon: Provided always, that no such Order shall be made until the Expiration of One Year next after the Death of such deceased Person, or pending any Proceedings to administer the Estate of such Person, and that in case at any Time after the making of such Order any Decree or Order for administering the Estate of such deceased Person shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said Court by such Decree or Order to stay or suspend the Proceedings under such Order of course on such Terms and Conditions, if any, as to the said Court shall seem just.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who may have come in before the Master under any such Order, and claimed to be a Creditor upon the Estate of the deceased Person, or to have any Demand upon such Estate by reason of any Liability, and whose Debt or Claim may not have been wholly allowed by the said Master, to apply to the said Court by Motion, of which Notice shall be given within Fourteen Days after the filing of the Master's Report, to have such Claim allowed by the Court, either wholly or partially; and it shall be lawful for the said Executors or Administrators, and for any Creditor of the deceased Person who may be authorized by special Leave of the said Court so to do, to apply to

the said Court by Motion, of which Notice shall be given within the

Master'* Report may be objected to by Motion to the Court, of which Mo-tice shall be given.

185a

333

Court of Chancery. Cap. 35.

the Time aforesaid, to have any Debt or Claim allowed by the said Master disallowed by the Court, either wholly or partially; and at the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the filing of the said Report the same shall, except as to any Debt or Claim as to which any such Notice as aforesaid may have been given, be absolute, as if the same had been confirmed by Order of the Court.

XXI. And be it enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such Motion as aforesaid the said Court may either dismiss such Motion, or may order the Debt or Claim to which such Motion relates to be allowed or disallowed, as the Case may be, and either wholly or partially, or may direct further Inquiry or further Proceedings, by way of Action or otherwise, touching such Debt or Claim, and after such Inquiry or Proceedings may, upon further Motion, deal with such Debt or Claim as to the add Court shall seem just: Provided always, that no new Evidence shall be received by the said Court upon the Hearing of any such Motion without special Leave of the said Court

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case any Debt or any certain Liability shall have been allowed as aforesaid, mid shall not within Fourteen Days after the Report has become absolute as to such Debt or Liability, or after the same shall have been allowed by the said Court, be paid or provided for by Appropriation to the Satisfaction of the Person who has established such Liability, it shall be lawful for the said Court, by Order to be made, in case of any Debt remaining due, upon the Application by Motion or Petition of the Person to whom the Debt remains due, and on Notice to the Executors or Administrators, and in case of any certain Liability remaining unprovided for by Appropriation, upon the Application by Motion or Petition of the Person by whom such Liability has been established, or of the Executors or Administrators, and on Notice by the Party applying to the other of them, to order Payment of the Debts which may have been allowed and remain unpaid, and to provide for the certain Liabilities which may have been allowed and remain unprovided for, in like Manner as the same could or might have been paid or provided for in a Suit for that Purpose instituted by Bill, or to refer it to the Master to take an Account of the Debts and certain Liabilities allowed as aforesaid which remain unpaid or unprovided for, and also the usual Accounts of the Personal Estate of the deceased Person, with all usual and proper Directions; and every such Order shall have the same Force and Effect and shall be prosecuted and carried on in like Manner as a Decree in a Cre-

ditor's Suit instituted by Bilk

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case any contingent Liability shall be allowed by the said Report or by the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, by Order, to be made upon the Application of the Executors or Administrators, by Motion or Petition, on Notice to the Person who may have established such contingent Liability, to order such Sum of Money, Part of the Estate of the deceased Person, as to the

Proceeding of the Court on such Motion.

If Debts or certain Liabilities allowed, and not paid or provided for, Order may be made for Payment or Accounts.

Court on Application of Executors or Administrators, may direct Appropriation of Money to answer contingent Liability.

e

Court may restrain Proceedings against Executors and Administrators.

Protection to be afforded to Executors and Administrators.

Notwithstanding Provisions of S A 4 W. 4.

c. 94., Judges

Cap. 35. Court of Chancery. 13 & 14 VICT.

said Court shall seem just, to be set apart and appropriated for answering such contingent Liability, and to give such Directions as the said Court shall think fit touching the Payment of such Sum of Money into Court, and the Investment thereof, and the Payment, Application, or Accumulation of the Interest or Dividends thereof in the meantime and until the same shall be required to answer such Liability, and when such Liability shall be ascertained or determined to give such Directions as to the Payment of such Sum out of Court as the said Court shall deem right: Provided always, that no Order to be made as aforesaid shall in any Manner bind the Assets so appropriated as against the Persons entitled to the Estate of the Deceased subject to the contingent Liability; and any Person interested in such appropriated Assets may apply to the Court touching the same as he may be advised.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That after the filing of such Report as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Court, upon the Application of the Executors or Administrators of the Deceased, by Order, to be made on Motion, to restrain by Injunction any Proceedings at Law against them by any Person having or claiming to have any Demand upon the Estate of the Deceased by reason of any Debt or Liability other than the Persons who may have established contingent Liabilities under the said Order for which no Appropriation may have been made.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in case no Debt or Liability, or no Debt or Liability other than a contingent Liability, shall have been allowed as aforesaid, or in case any Debt or Liability other than as aforesaid shall have been allowed as aforesaid, then after the same shall have been paid or provided for by Appropriation as aforesaid, all Payments made by the Executors or Administrators, or any of them, on account of the Estate of the deceased Person, and all Dispositions of such Assets made by them or any of them on account of such Estate, shall, as against all Persons having or claiming to have any Demand upon such Estate by reason of any Debt or Liability, other than Persons who may have established under the said Order any contingent Liability for which no such Appropriation as aforesaid may have been made, be as good and effectual as if the same had been made under a Decree of the said Court: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner affect or prejudice the Rights of any Creditor or other Person having any Demand or Claim upon the Estate of the Deceased against any Assets so paid or disposed of, or against the Persons to whom such Payment or Disposition may have been made, or against any Assets appropriated under the Provisions of this Act, and the Appropriation of which, if made under a Decree of the said Court in a Suit to which he was not a Party, would not have been binding upon him.

XXVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King WiU 4 liam tl^e Fourth, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the

Proceedings '

185a

l

Court of Chancery.

Cap. 35.

335

Proceedings and Practice of certain Offices of the tligh Court of the Court of Chancery in England, it is enacted," that the Masters in may hear and " Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery shall hear and u determine all Applications for Time to plead, answer, or tioned in Act,

" demur, and for Leave to amend Bills, and for enlarging if think fit* a Publication, and all such other Matters relating to the Con-u duct of Suits in the said Court as the Lord Chancellor,

" with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of the Bolls a and Vice Chancellor, or One of them, shall by any General " Order or Orders direct, in such Manner and under such " Buies and Regulations as by any General Order or Orders,

" to be also issued by the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice " and Assistance aforesaid, shall be directed, and that it shall be lawful for either Party to appeal by Motion from the " Order made on such Application to the Lord Chancellor,

" Master of the Bolls, or Vice Chancellor, and that the Order " made on such Appeal shall be final and conclusiveand it is enacted," that no such Application as above mentioned " shall in future be heard by any of the Judges of the said " Court of Chancery, except on Appeal as herein-before pro-M tided:" And whereas the last-mentioned Enactment has been found to be inconvenient:' Be it therefore enacted,

That, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said Act, it shall be lawful for any of the Judges of the said Court to hear and determine any such Application as mentioned in the said Act in

the first instance, if under special Circumstances he shall think >

fit so to do.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all Exceptions for Scan- K^tonifof -

dal, Impertinence, and Insufficiency, which according to the Scandal, Imper-cristing Practice of the said Court are referred to the Masters to

of the said Court, shall not any longer be so referred, but shall be heaid'by the be heard and determined by the said Court in the first instance.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any

Bole or Practice of the said Court to the contrary, it shall be Court, notirith-bwful for the said Court, at the Hearing of any Cause or of

any further Directions therein, to receive Proof by Affidavit of the contrary! to all proper Parties being before the Court, and of all such Mat- receive Pnwf tere as are necessary to be proved for enabling the said Court by AffidaTlt* to order Payment of any Monies belonging to any married Woman* and of all such other Matters not directly in issue

ia the Cause as in the Opinion of the said Court may safely andproperly be so proved.

And be it enacted, That so much of an Act made Certain Provi- °

XXIX

md passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His late wonsofssG.s. Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate y^a"d5 re the Administration of Justice, as provides that the Vice Chan- pealed in part, cellar appointed under that Act shall have no Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act,

Matter, or Thing made or done by any Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, unless authorized by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper

Power to Lord Chancellor, &c. to make Gene* ral Rules and Orders from lime to Time.

Rules and Orders to be laid before Parliament, and to be binding from the Time appointed, or from the making, unless objected to by Vote of

Cap. 39. Court of Chancery. 13 & 14 VICT.

or Lords Commissioners for the Time being so to do, nor

any Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by the Master of the Rolls, and so much of an Act made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice, as provides that no Vice Chancellor appointed under the Authority of that Act shall have Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by any other Vice Chancellor to be appointed under that Act, not being a Predecessor in Office of such Vice Chancellor, nor any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by any Lord Chancellor, unless authorized by the Lord Chancellor so to do, nor any Power or Authority to discharge, reverse, or alter any Decree, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made or done by the Master of the Rolls or the Vice Chancellor for the Time being appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice, shall be and the same are respectively hereby repealed so far as the same respectively apply to Orders on Motion or Petition of course made by the Lord Chancellor, Master of the Rolls, or any of the Vice Chancellors; and that it shall be lawful for the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellors respectively to discharge, reverse, or alter any Order made on Motion or Petition of course by any other of them, or by the Lord Chancellor.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice and Consent of the Master of the Rolls and any One or more of the Vice Chancellors, from Time to Time to make, rescind, and alter General Rules and Orders for better enabling the Opinion of the said Court to be obtained on Special Cases, and for effectuating the Purposes of this Act as to the Debts and Liabilities of deceased Persons, and for making any Provisions which may be or be deemed necessary or proper as to Amendment, Revivor, and supplemental Matter or Relief, and as to Costs of any Proceedings under or in pursuance of this Act, and for regulating the Times and Form and Mode of Procedure, and generally the Practice of the said Court in respect of the Matters to which this Act relates, and every of them, and so far as may be found expedient for altering the Course of proceeding hereinbefore prescribed in respect to such Matters or any of them.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all such General Rules and Orders shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then sitting, immediately upon the making and issuing the same, or, if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then within Five Days after the next Meeting thereof; and that every such Rule or Order shall from and after the Time in that Behalf to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor, with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, and if no Time shall be

1850.

Court of Chancery.

Cap. 35.

337

so appointed, then from and after the making thereof, be bind- either House of mg and obligatory on the said Court, and be of like Force and ^"Kiment. Effect as if the Provisions therein contained had been expressly enacted by Parliament: Provided always, that if either of the Houses of Parliament shall, by any Resolution passed at any Time before such House of Parliament shall have actually sat Thirty-six Days after such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall have been laid before such House of Parliament, resolve that the whole or any Part of such Rules or Orders ought not to continue in force, in such Case the whole or such Part thereof as shall be so included in such Resolution shall from and after such Resolution cease to be binding and obligatory on the said Court; provided also, that no such Rule or Order as aforesaid shall by virtue of this Act be of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions therein contained had been expressly enacted by Parliament, unless the same shall be expressed to be made in pursuance of this Act; and that every such Rule or Order Rules and so expressed to be made in pursuance of this Act which shall Order* not laid not be laid before both Houses of Parliament within the Time men^within*1* by this Act limited for that Purpose shall from and after the Time limited to Expiration of such Time be absolutely void and of no Effect. be

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in the meantime and until Until Rules or any such General Rules or Orders shall be made, and in so far m^andUf as the same, when made, shall not be applicable, the Proceed- not Applicable ings under this Act shall be governed and regulated by the when made, Provisions herein contained so far as the same extend, and in so far as the same do not extend shall, as well with respect to the this Act and Persons who ought to be made Parties to Special Cases as in Practice of the every other respect, be governed and regulated by the Rules, Court '

Orders, and Practice of the said Court in Suits instituted by Bill, so far as the same can be applied thereto; and, subject to such General Rules and Orders as aforesaid, the Costs of all Proceedings under this Act shall be in the Discretion of the add Court.

XXXIII.

And be it enacted, That all Decrees and Orders Decrees and made under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to Re- Orders to be hearing. Appeal, and Review, and may be discharged and varied, p^&c. 0 P" in the same and the like Manner as Decrees and Orders of the mad Court made in Suits instituted by Bill.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the following Words and Interpretation Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings hereby of Tetms# assigned to them, unless there be something either in the Subject or in the Context repugnant to such Construction:

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shill include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females:

The Expression u Lord Chancellor" shall mean and include the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being:

c. 1

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 35. Court of Chancery. 13 & 14 VICT.

The Word " Master" shall mean Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery in England:

The Word " Lunatic " shall include Idiots and Persons of unsound Mind, and whether found such by Inquisition or not: *, The Word "Guardian" shall mean Father or testamentary Guardian, or Guardian appointed by the Court of Chancery (not being a special Guardian appointed under the Provisions of this Act).

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

[Date.]

In the Matter of A.B. late of in the County of Banker [or as the Case

may be\$ deceased.

Upon Motion this Day made unto this Court by Mr. of Counsel for C.D. of the Executor [or Adminis-

trator] of the above-named A.B. [or upon the humble Petition of C.D. of the Executor (or Administrator) of the said A.B.y this Day preferred unto the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls for the Reasons therein contained], it is ordered, That it be referred to the Master of this Court in rotation to take an Account of the Debts and Liabilities affecting the Personal Estate of the said A.B., and to compute Interest on such of the said Debts and Liabilities as carry Interest after the Rate of Interest the same respectively carry; and the said Master is to cause an Advertisement to be published in the London Gazette and such other public Papers as he shall think fit for the Persons claiming in respect of any such Debts or Liabilities to come in before the said Master, and prove their Debts and Claims, and he is to fix a peremptory Day for that Purpose; and such of the said Creditors as shall not come in and prove their Debts and Claims by the Time so to be limited are to be excluded the Benefit of this Order: And it is ordered, that the said Master do distinguish Debts from Liabilities, and Liabilities certain from Liabilities contingent: And it is ordered, that the Personal Estate of the said A.B. be applied in Payment and Satisfaction of such Debts and Liabilities of the said A.B.

in a due Course of Administration; and for the better taking the said Accounts and Discovery of the Matters aforesaid the Parties are to produce before the said Master, upon Oath, all Deeds, Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating thereto, and are to be examined upon Interrogatories as the said Master shall direct; and any of the Parties are to be at liberty to apply to the Court as there shall be Occasion.

1850.

Court of Setsion (Scotland).

Cap. 36.

339

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland.

[29th July 1850.]

the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, inti-

an Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of

III. II *__T/l______AY________aL. rrL!_j a. '

tuled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that 55 G. s. c. 42. 4 Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes; and another Act was passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth 59 G. s. c. 35. 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes and another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better regulating of the Forms 6 G. 4. c. t20. 4 of Process in the Courts of Iaho in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth and in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for uniting the Benefits n G.4.&

of Jury Trial in Civil Cases with the ordinary Jurisdiction of 1W.4. c. f>9.

the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to make certain Alterations in the l & 2 Vict.

Duties of the Lords Ordinary, and in the Establishment of c-118 *

Clerks and Officers of the Court of Session and Court of Commissioners for Teinds in Scotland, and to reduce the Fees payable in those Courts: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions and Enactments of the said recited Acts should be in some respects altered and amended, and further ltegulotions established for expediting the Business of the Court of Session in Scotland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That New Form of the Pursuer of any Summons before the Court of Session shall an<i

set forth in such Summons, in such Way and Manner as the ences* Court, having regard to the Forms set forth in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, may from Time to Time prescribe by Act of Sederunt as applicable to the various Forms of Action now in use, the Name and Designation of such Pursuer, and the Name and Designation of the Defender, and the Conclusions of the Action, without any Statement whatever of the Grounds of Action; but the Allegations in Fact which form the Grounds tf Action shall be set forth in an Articulate Condescendence, together with a Note of the Pursuer's Pleas in Law, which

Condescendence

340

Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Record, how to be made up.

Where Pursuer willing, Record may be closed on Summons and Defences.

Prorogations, how to be granted.

Condescendence and Pleas in Law shall be annexed to such Summons, and shall be held to constitute Part thereof; and the Defences to such Summons shall be in the Form of Articulate Answers to such Condescendence, and, where necessary, appended thereto a Statement of the Allegations in Fact on which the Defender founds in Defence, and also a Note of the Defender's Pleas in Law.

II. And be it enacted, That where Defences are lodged, and unless the Record shall be closed upon the Summons and Defences, the Record shall be made by Revisal by the Pursuer of the Condescendence annexed to his Summons, and Revisal by the Defender of his Defences; and upon the Expiration of the original or prorogated Period, as the Case may be, for lodging a revised Condescendence, if no revised Condescendence shall be lodged, and upon the Expiration of the original or prorogated Period, as the Case may be, for lodging revised Defences, if a revised Condescendence shall be lodged, or sooner if the Parties shall consent thereto, the Clerk to the Process shall transmit the same to the Lord Ordinary, and the Lord Ordinary shall appoint a Time, being within Six Days from the Date of the Process being so transmitted to him, for Parties attending him at Chambers, by their Counsel, with a view to the Adjustment and closing of the Record; and the Lord Ordinary may at such Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting which he may appoint, allow or require such Alterations and Amendments to be made on the Record as to him may seem proper, and may close the Record, or appoint a Day on or before which the Record shall be closed; and if the Record shall not be closed on or before the Day fixed by such Appointment or subsequent Prorogation, the Lord Ordinary shall pronounce an Interlocutor declaring it closed accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Pursuer is willing to close the Record upon the Summons and Defences, without any Revisal, a Consent to that Effect maybe endorsed on the Defences, and signed by Counsel; and it shall then be the Duty of the Clerk to the Process to transmit the Process forthwith to the Lord Ordinary, with a view to the Adjustment and closing of the Record as aforesaid; and the Case shall thenceforward be proceeded with in the same Way and Manner, and the same Regulations and Provisions shall thereupon apply, as in the other Cases of Transmission to the Lord Ordinary, with a view to the Adjustment and closing of the Record, herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that it shall in such Case be competent to the Lord Ordinary, upon the Motion of the Defender, and by an Interlocutor to be pronounced by the Lord Ordinary, either in Court or at Chambers, to make such Order for or with a view to Revisal as he may deem fit.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Periods appointed for lodging any Paper, or for transmitting any Process to a Lord Ordinary, or for closing a Record, may always be prorogated

165a

Court of Session (Scotland),

Cap. 36.

341

by written Consent of Parties; and the Periods appointed for lodging any Paper, or for closing a Record, may always be once prorogated by the Lord Ordinary, without such Consent, on special Cause shown; and such Prorogations may be granted, of Consent as aforesaid, either before or after the Lapse of such Periods; and in every Interlocutor of a Lord Ordinary prorogating, on special Cause shown, the Time for lodging any Paper or for closing a Record, the Nature of such Cause shall be set forth, and a definite Time shall be therein fixed within which the Paper is to be lodged, or the Record closed; and it shall not be competent to the Lord Ordinary to grant such Prorogation, even upon Cause shown, oftener than once, unless such Cause shall have been allowed by the Inner House on the Report of the Lord Ordinary.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary, in order to the closing of a Record in any Process before the Court of Session, that the Record be authenticated by Counsel as adjusted or closed, whether by Minute of Assent or otherwise, but such Record shall be closed by Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary before whom the Process depends; and such Interlocutor shall be subject to Review of the Inner House; and the Interlocutor of the Inner House to be pronounced on such Review shall not in any Case be subject to Appeal as an Interlocutory Judgment.

Yl. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to print any Part of the Process before the closing of the Record; but when the Record is closed, if it shall appear to the Lord Ordinary to be expedient that the same should be printed while the Cause is in dependence in the Outer House, the Lord Ordinary may appoint such Number of Copies thereof as he may deem proper to be printed by the Pursuer at the mutual Expense of the Parties; and on such Appointment being made the JPursuer shall print such Copies accordingly, and upon Payment by the Defender of One Half of the whole Expense of such Printing, shall furnish to him One Half of such Copies.

YIL And be it enacted, That where in a Process of Reduction the Defender is to object to the Title of the Pursuer, or to plead on an exclusive Title, or to state any other Objection against satisfying the Production, he shall in the first instance lodge Defences confined to these Points, and the Form of such Defences, and the Procedure thereon, shall be the same as in the Case of peremptory Defences in an ordinary Action; and if the Defences so lodged shall be repelled, the Defender, after Ae Production has been satisfied, shall give in Defences applicable to the Grounds of Reduction and upon the Merits of the Reduction, and a Record may be made up thereafter as in any ordinary Action.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in a Process of Reduction the Production may be satisfied either during Session or on any Box Day in Vacation or Recess.

IX. And be it enacted, That where Answers are lodged by ft Respondent in any Process of Suspension or Advocation, the

Y 4 Record

Record to be closed by Interlocutor, and no Authentication by Counsel to be necessary.

Lord Ordinary may appoint closed Record to be printed.

Dilatory Defences in Reductions, how to be disposed of.

Production may be satisfied on Box Day.

Record to be made up in AdTocations and Suspen-

* ions, after Answers are

lodged, similarly to other Actions;

Cap. 36.

Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

and in Processes of Competition, &c. as may be fixed by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt.

Reclaiming Days limited to Ten, except for Judgments on the Merits, and Decrees in Absence.

Reclaiming Notes during the making up of the Record prohibited, except with Leare of the Lord Ordinary.

Process may proceed, notwithstanding Reclaiming Note or Appeal.

Record shall thereafter be made up therein in the same Way and Manner in all respects as is directed by this Act in regard to any ordinary Action in which Defences have been lodged; and the Pursuer of such Process of Advocation or Suspension and the Respondent therein shall have severally the same Rights and Privileges as the Pursuer and Defender in such ordinary Action respectively; and the whole Provisions and Enactments of this Act in regard to the making up of the Record in such ordinary Actions shall apply, as far as may be, to such Processes of Advocation and Suspension.

X. And be it enacted, That the Procedure with respect to the making up of the Record in Processes of Competition, or other Processes to which the Provisions of this Act with respect to the making up of the Record may not be applicable, shall be conducted as at present, until regulated by the Court of Session; but the Procedure in such Actions shall be regulated by the said Court by Act of Sederunt, as soon as conveniently may be after the Date at which this Act shall take effect, in such Way and Manner as to assimilate in so far as convenient the Procedure in such Actions with respect to the making up of the Record to the Procedure by this Act provided.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent to reclaim against any Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary, at any Time after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of signing such Interlocutor, with the Exception only of Reclaiming Notes against Interlocutors disposing in whole or in part of the Merits of the Cause, and against Decrees in Absence, which Reclaiming Notes shall continue to be competent in like Manner as at the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent to reclaim against any Interlocutor of a Lord Ordinary, not being an Interlocutor disposing of a dilatory Defence, or an Interlocutor sisting Process, or an Interlocutor disposing in whole or in part of the Merits of the Cause, pronounced before the closing of the Record: Provided always, that any Interlocutor pronounced before the closing of the Record may be reclaimed against, with the Leave of the Lord Ordinary, at any Time within Ten Days from the Date of pronouncing the same, or without the Leave of the Lord Ordinary, at any Time within Ten Days from the Date of signing the Interlocutor closing the Record.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Reclaiming Note to the Inner House, and no Petition of Appeal to the House of Lords, in any Process before the Court of Session, shall be held to remove such Process from before the Lord Ordinary or the Court, as the Case may be, as regards any Point or Points not necessarily dependent on the Interlocutor so submitted to Review, but such Process shall, for all Purposes, and to all Effects not necessarily dependent on such Interlocutor, remain before the Lord Ordinary or the Court, as the Case may be, and shall be proceeded in by the Lord Ordinary or the Court notwithstanding

1850. Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 36. 343

standing such Reclaiming Note or Appeal, if it appear to the Lord Ordinary or the Court to be expedient and proper.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be competent to Lord* Ordi-the Lord Ordinary to direct Cases or Minutes of Debate or MI7 not to other written Argument to be prepared by the Parties, whether A^umJnt"1 for the Use of himself or of the Inner House; but it shall be competent for the Lord Ordinary at any Time after hearing Parties on a closed Record to take such Cause to report to the Inner House without Cases or Minutes of Debate.

XV. And be it enacted, That all Summonses in Consistorial Summon* or other Causes which are at the passing of this Act required clerk^Ses to be signed by a Clerk of the Court of Session may be signed sion mmy be either by such Clerk or by a Writer to Her Majesty's Signet; by a and the Signature of such Writer to Her Majesty's Signet g^n^r to Ulc shall be in all respects equivalent to the Signature of such Clerk.

XVI. And be it enacted and declared, That all the Provi- Action* of Ad-sions of the said recited Act passed in the Session of Parlia- J*1?11? f° ment holden in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Ma- the Court of jesty King George the Fourth and the First Year of the Reign Session.

of His Majesty King William the Fourth, and of this Act, applicable to Actions of Declarator of Marriage and of Nullity of Marriage, and to Actions of Declarator of Legitimacy and of Bastardy, and to Actions of Divorce, and to Actions of Separation a mensa et thoro, are and shall be applicable to Actions of Adherence, and all other Consistorial Actions, though not specially mentioned in the said recited Act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Member of the College Member* of

of Justice shall, in respect of any Privilege as such, be enti- to

tied to institute any Action or Proceeding, either original or institute Actions by way of Review, before the Court of Session which could not not otherwise lave been instituted by him before such Court if he had not competent-been a Member of the College of Justice.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary Summonses not that any Summons before the Court of Session shall proceed upon a Bill; and no Summons passing the Signet shall bear Date*! exceptr any Date but the Date of signeting, which shall be held to be of wgneting. the Date of the Summons.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in Summonses of Multiple- Regulation* as poinding it shall be the Duty of the Party raising such Action to Multiple, to state specifically in the Body of the Summons who is the Pomdl, Ss-/ real Raiser of the Action; and it shall be competent for any Number of Parties whose Claims in such Act on depend upon the same Ground to state such Claims in the same Paper.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Execution of a Sum- short Form* of xmms, and every Execution of Intimation of a Note of Sus- Execution pro-pension, or of Suspension and Interdict, or of Suspension and Ylded* Liberation, or of Advocation, shall be written at the End of the Summons itself, or at the End of the usual certified Copy of such Note of Suspension, or of Suspension and Interdict, or of Suspension and Liberation, or of Advocation, and, where

necessary.

Induci* of Summonses and other Writs passing the Signst shortened.

Edietal Citations regulated.

Protestations for not calling and enrolling regulated.

Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

necessary, on continuous Sheets, but not on a separate Paper; and such Execution shall be in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, of Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed, which Form shall be equally valid and effectual in all respects as the longer Form of Execution at present in use.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Summonses before the Court of Session may proceed on Fourteen Days Warning where the Defender is within Scotland, unless in Orkney or Shetland, and Twenty-one Days Warning where he is in OrA-ney or Shetland or furth of Scotland, in place of the longer Induci required by the present Practice; and such shorter Induci shall also be competent and sufficient in respect to all other Letters passing Her Majesty's Signet bearing a Citation, Charge, Publication, or Service against Persons within or furth of Scotland respectively, and in respect to all Edietal Charges upon Decrees and registered Protests: Provided always, that in all Cases where any shorter Induci than the Induci above mentioned are at present sufficient, such shorter Induci shall continue to be sufficient after the passing of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the subsisting Forms of Edietal Citation, Charge, Publication, Citation, and Service at the Market Cross of Edinburgh, and Pier and Shore of Leith, in Processes of Ranking and Sale, and in all other Processes and Proceedings whatsoever, and also the subsisting Forms of Edietal Citations of the Minor's next of Kin at the Market Cross of the County Town or Head Burgh of the Shire where the Minor has his Lands and Goods, and of Citation of the Tutors and Curators of Minors at the Market Cross of the County Town or Head Burgh of the Shire of the Minor's Residence, shall cease and be discontinued; and in lieu thereof all such Edietal Citations, Charges, Publications, Citations, and Services shall be done and performed by Delivery of a Copy thereof at the Office of the Keeper of Edietal Citations according to the Mode established by the said recited Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth in regard to Persons furth of Scotland, and by an Act of Sederunt of the Court of Session dated the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That where Protestation shall be put up in the Minute Book of the Court of Session in reference to any Summons, Suspension, or Advocation, and Warrant is issued for Extract thereof, if it be a Protestation for not calling, such Extract shall contain a Decerniture for Three Pounds Three Shillings of Protestation Money, as Expenses, in lieu of such Sum of Protestation Money as would in that Case be inserted in the Extract according to the present Practice; and if the Protestation be for not enrolling, but after the Calling and Return of the Summons or other initial Writ, with or without Defences or Answers, as the Case may require.

nWfft Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 36. 345

the Defender or Respondent shall be entitled to his just Expenses as between Party and Party; and the Auditor of Court shall tax the Account of these Expenses accordingly, as in the Case of a Decree in Absence, on Production to him of the Protestation as given out for Extract, or of a Certificate by the Keeper of the Minute Book that the same has been given out for Extract; and the Account so taxed shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Extractor to insert the taxed Amount as the just Expenses, together with the Expense of Extract, in the Extract Protestation, in lieu of the Sum at present inserted as Expenses in such Extract: Provided always, that a Pursuer may be reponed against a Protestation for not calling at any Time not later than Ten Days after the same has been given out for Extract, whether Extract shall have issued or not, by lodging with the Clerk, in order to calling, his Summons or other Writ, with the relative Documents, accompanied by the Receipt of the Agent for the Defender for the said Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings of Protestation Money, or consigning the Money itself in the Hands of the Clerk, for the Use of the Agent for the Defender, and payable to him on Demand; and that a Pursuer may also be reponed, within the like Period, against a Protestation for not enrolling and insisting, by enrolling his Summons or other Writ in the Outer House Roll, and forthwith lodging that Writ, with the Enrolling Clerk's Certificate of Enrolment annexed, in the Hands of the Clerk, as thenceforward a depending Process, accompanied by the Receipt of the Agent for the Defender for the taxed Amount of the Protestation Money and Expense of Extract, or, in lieu thereof, consigning the Money itself in the Hands of the Clerk for the Use of such Agent, and payable to him on Demand: Provided also, that whenever a Summons or other Writ shall have been duly enrolled by the Pursuer in the Outer House Roll, whether Protestation shall have been put up or not, the same shall thenceforth become to all Intents and Purposes a depending Process, under Control of the Lord Ordinary and of the Court, until finally disposed of by Interlocutor.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the granting of Bonds Granting

De damnis et impensis by the Pursuer, and of Bonds De judicio Judicial Bonds sisti et judicatum solvi by the Defender, in Maritime Causes, cmu^SoJiah-before the Court of Session, shall be and the same is hereby ©d. abolished, reserving the Operation and Effect of all such Bonds bearing Date prior to the Date at which this Act shall take effect.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to Copy of an In-obtain a formal Extract of any Commission or Diligence granted teriocutor

or to be granted by a Lord Ordinary or the Court in any Pro-

_ J mission or D1I1-

cess or Proceeding before the Court of Session, but a Copy of gence to be

the Interlocutor granting such Commission and Diligence, or equivalent to a

one or other of them, certified by the Clerk to such Process formal Extract *

or Proceeding, or by his Assistant, shall have the same Force,

Operation, and Effect as such formal Extract according to the

present Practice.

Witnesses abroad may be examined in Consistorial Causes by Commission.

Diligences may be reported on Box Days.

Interim Decrees to be extractible without special Allowance.

Decree for Expenses to include Extract.

Actions may be wakened without a Summons.

Transference to include Wakening.

In Advocations and Suspensions, if Record closed and Proof concluded in Inferior Court, Case may be taken at once to the Inner r T ise without

Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where in Consistorial Causes either Party desires to examine Witnesses furth of the Kingdom, the Depositions of such Witnesses may be taken under a Commission to be issued by the Lord Ordinary or the Court to any Commissioner whom they may appoint, in the same Manner as in any Proof upon Commission in an ordinary Action.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases it shall be competent to appoint a Diligence to be reported on any Box Day in Vacation or Recess.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Act and Warrant and Decree granted or to be granted during the Dependence of a Process before the Court of Session, and which according to the present Practice might be extracted ad interim^ if special Allowance to that Effect were granted by the Lord Ordinary or the Court, shall be extractible ad interim without the Necessity of such special Allowance, unless the Lord Ordinary or the Court shall otherwise direct

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Decree for Expenses pronounced after the passing of this Act shall be held to include a Decree for the Expense of extracting the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That where according to present Practice a Cause would require to be wakened in order to its being proceeded with, it shall be competent for either of the Parties to enrol such Cause before the Lord Ordinary in common Form in order to an Interlocutor of Wakening, and the Lord Ordinary may thereupon direct Ten Days Intimation of such Motion to be made to the known Agent of the other Party in the Cause, or to such Party himself, and also in the Minute Book of the Court of Session; and on the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Intimations being made respectively, and on a Certificate being lodged in Process under the Hand of the Agent of the Party applying for such Wakening, certifying that he has duly intimated such Interlocutor in Terms thereof to the opposite Party or to his known Agent, either by Delivery to such Party or his Agent personally, or by Transmission through the Post to the known Address of such Party or Agent, of a full Copy of such Interlocutor, it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary to hold the Cause as wakened, and the same may thereafter be proceeded with as wakened accordingly.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Action shall be transferred against any Party or Parties, such Transference shall include a Wakening against such Party or Parties.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Advocation or Suspension which shall come to depend before the Court of Session, whjere a Record has been made up and closed and a Proof led and concluded before the Inferior Judge, the Lord Ordinary before whom such Advocation or Suspension is enrolled shall at the first Calling of the Cause, if a Motion to that Effect be made by either of the Parties, appoint such Record and Proof, with any other Papers which may be deemed

to

185(1 Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 36.

to be necessary, to be printed and boxed for the Judges of the Inner House, and shall report the Cause to the Inner House, who shall thereupon proceed to dispose of it in the same Way and Manner as if it had been reported by the Lord Ordinary upon a closed Record prepared in the Court of Session; and the Party by whom such Motion is made shall defray in the first instance the Expense of such Printing.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in every Process of Suspension of any Charge or threatened Charge, and in every Process of Suspension of a Decree, and in every Process of Interdict where Interdict has been granted in the Bill Chamber, and is unrecalled, it shall be lawful for the Respondent in such Process, so soon as the Note of Suspension, or Note of Suspension and Interdict, is passed, and at any Time not later than the Twelfth Day from the Date of the Interlocutor passing the same, or in the Case of a Suspension of a Decree not later than the Twelfth Day from the Date of the Service of the Note of Suspension and Interlocutor passing the same upon the Respondent, to fix the Lord Ordinary and Division of the Court of Session to which such Process shall belong, and that by Indorsation of the Names of such Lord Ordinary and Division on such passed Note of Suspension, or of Suspension and Interdict, signed by such Respondent, or his Counsel or Agent in such Process, unless where such Note of Suspension, or Note of Suspension and Interdict, has been passed on Review by or on advising with either Division of the Court, in which Case the Process shall be fixed throughout with that Division of the Court as at present; and in every Process of Advocation it shall be lawful for the Pursuer or Petitioner in the Inferior Court (except in the Case of counter conjoined Processes, or of Competitions or Advocations of Brieves) at any Time not later than the Twelfth Day from the Date of the Intimation of the Note of Advocation, and Notice of its Receipt by a Clerk of the Court of Session, to the Respondent, or not later than the Twelfth Day from the Date of the passing of the Note of Advocation, to fix the Lord Ordinary and Division of the Court to which such Process shall belong, and that by Indorsation on such Note of Advocation as aforesaid; and such passed Notes of Suspension, and of Suspension and Interdict, and of Advocation, shall, during the Period above mentioned, be always in the Custody of the Clerks of the Bills, or of the Clerk to the Process, who shall not be entitled to lend up the same to the Parties or either of them, or to part with the Custody thereof, until such Period has elapsed: Provided always, that, except in the Cases herein-before specially provided for, the Right to fix the Lord Ordinary and Division of the Court to which any Process of Suspension, or Suspension and Interdict, or Advocation, shall belong, shall remain as at the Date of the passing of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any Note of Advocation shall be presented on Juratory Caution it shall be

incumbent

347

a Judgment of the Lord Ordinary.

Who to 6x Lord Ordinary and Division in Advocations and Suspensions.

Advocations on Juratory Caution not to be proceeded with

where there is no probmbilis Causa.

Provision as to one Division of the Court eon* suiting the other.

Procedure in Jury Causes to be the same, so for as is applicable, as in other Court of Session Causes.

Offices of Issue Clerk and Jury Clerk abolished.

Procedure for the Adjustment of Issues.

Cap. M. Court of Stssion (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

incumbent on the Advocator to make immediate Application to the Lawyers for the Poor, for a Report that he has a pro-babilis Causa litigandi, and if the Advocator shall fail to make such Application, or if the Lawyers for the Poor shall upon such Application report their Opinion that no probabilis Causa has been established, the Advocation shall be dismissed with Expenses, unless Pull Caution be forthwith offered and found in common Form.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Judges of either Division of the Court in any Cause in which they shall be equally divided in Opinion to direct such Cause to be judged by the Inner House Judges of both Divisions, and to appoint such Cause to be heard by such Inner House Judges, either on any Sederunt Day during Session, or at any Time during the Sittings of the Lords Ordinary, either before or after the Sittings of the Two Divisions of the Court for the Winter Session; and such Cause shall thereupon be so heard and judged by the Judges of the Division of the Court before which the same depends, with the Addition of Three Judges of the other Division of the Court; and the Judgment shall in all Causes be pronounced according to the Opinion of the Majority of the Judges present, and the Interlocutor shall bear to be the Judgment of the Division before which the Cause depends, after consulting with the other Division of the Court; but the Lord Justice General shall always be the presiding Judge whenever his Lordship sits as a Member of the Court

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Causes appropriated for Trial by Jury, or in the course of Preparation for Trial by Jury, before the Court of Session, the Procedure, both before and after the closing of the Record, shall be in all respects the same, so far as applicable, as in other Court of Session Causes for the Time being, except in so far as it may be otherwise provided by this Act, or by any Act of Sederunt to be passed by the said Court under the Powers by this Act conferred.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Offices of Issue Clerk and Jury Clerk be and the same are hereby abolished; and in future all the Duties hitherto performed by an Issue Clerk or Jury Clerk, or by any Person acting as an Issue Clerk or Jury Clerk, and still remaining to be performed, after the Date at which this Act shall take effect may be performed by any Clerk of Session, either in the Inner or Outer House; and each Clerk of Session shall, so far as relates to all the Causes appropriated or in the Course of Preparation for Trial by Jury in or connected with his own Office, or depending before the Lord Ordinary or Division of the Court to which he is attached, be charged with all the Duties hitherto performed by an Issue Clerk or Jury Clerk, or by any Person acting as an Issue Clerk or Jury Clerk, and remaining to be performed as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That where in the course of any Cause before the Court of Session Matter of Fact is to be determined, and an Issue is to be adjusted with reference thereto,

349

185& Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 36.

it shall be the Duty of the Pursuer to prepare and lodge in Process the Issue he proposes, and it shall be the Duty of the Defender to prepare and lodge in Process any counter Issue required by the Nature of his Defence; and the Lord Ordinary before whom such Cause depends, after causing Issues to be prepared and lodged as aforesaid, shall forthwith appoint Parties to attend him at Chambers, or shall order the Case to the Poll, for the Adjustment of an Issue or Issues for the Trial of such Cause, or of such Matter of Fact arising therein as is to be determined by Jury Trial; and if such Issue or Issues be not adjusted and settled with the Consent of Parties at the Meeting or Enrolment so fixed, or at a second such Meeting or Enrolment for the same Purpose, if such second Meeting or Enrolment shall be appointed by the Lord Ordinary, the Lord Ordinary shall immediately report the Matter to the Inner House, by whom such Issue or Issues shall, upon such Report, be adjusted and settled,

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to engross any Issue or Issues with a view to Trial by Jury, but such Issue or Issues, when adjusted and settled as aforesaid by the Lord Ordinary or the Court, shall at the same Time be approved by Interlocutor to that Effect, and shall be signed and authenticated by the Judge as relative thereto, which Proceeding shall be equivalent to Engrossment as at present practised.

XL. And be it enacted, That where an Issue or Issues is or are approved as aforesaid it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary in the Cause, on the Motion of either of the Parties, to appoint a Time and Place for the Trial of such Issue or Issues, such Time being as soon after the Date of such Ap-

Cal as with reference to the proper Trial of such Issue or es conveniently may be, and, except upon special Cause shown, not later than Three Weeks from the Date of such Motion; and such Trial shall proceed at the Time and Place so appointed, unless at the Time of such Appointment one or other of the Parties shall intimate to the Lord Ordinary that he objects thereto, in which Case the Lord Ordinary shall report the Matter to the Court, by whom it shall be fixed when and where the Trial shall proceed.

XLL. And be it enacted, That, unless where some different Arrangement shall be made by the Court, upon Motion to that Effect, the Lord Ordinary before whom the Cause depends doll preside at the Trial of such Issue or Issues in all Cases where such Trial shall take place during the Sitting of the Coart

XLII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Duties in regard to the summoning of Juries for the Trial of Issues in Civil Causes at present exercised or performed by the Court of Session, or by any Division of the said Court, or by any Clerk or Clerks in Jury Causes, may be competently exercised and performed by any Lord Ordinary, or by any Clerk of

Session

Engrossment of Imum abolish *

ed.

On Issues being approved of, Time and Place of TYial to be fixed.

Lord Ordinary in the Cause to preside at Trial during Session.

Lord Ordinary, fee. to have Power to summon Jury, and to appoint Cause to be tried by a Special Jury.

Certified Copy of Interlocutor fixing Trial, Warrant for citing Witnesses.

Counsel for each Party to be heard after Evidence closed.

Restriction of Bills of Exceptions.

Lord Ordinary may try Issues of Consent without a Jury.

Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Session officiating either in the Outer or Inner House; and it shall be lawful for any Lord Ordinary, in any Cause depending before the Court of Session, on the Application of either of the Parties, to appoint any Issue or Issues in such Cause to be tried by a Special Jury.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Interlocutor fixing the Trial, certified by the Clerk to the Process or by his Assistant, shall be a sufficient Warrant to any Messenger at Arms to cite Witnesses and Havers to the said Trial, either for the Pursuer or Defender.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in every Trial of Issues in a Cause before the Court of Session, and subject to such Regulations in regard to opening the Case on the Part of the Pursuer and Defender as the Court may establish, One Counsel for the Pursuer and One Counsel for the Defender shall be heard, in their Order, after the whole Evidence in the Cause is closed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That a Bill of Exceptions shall not be allowed in any Cause before the Court of Session, upon the Ground of the undue Admission of Evidence, if in the Opinion of the Court the Exclusion of such Evidence could not have led to a different Verdict than that actually pronounced; and it shall not be imperative on the Court to sustain a Bill of Exceptions, on the Ground of the undue Rejection of documentary Evidence, when it shall appear from the Documents themselves that they ought not to have affected the Result at which the Jury by their Verdict have arrived.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That if the Parties in any Cause before the Court of Session in which an Issue has been adjusted shall consent to the Lord Ordinary before whom such Cause depends trying such Issue without a Jury, such Lord Ordinary shall, unless the Court, on the Report of such Lord Ordinary, shall deem it inexpedient and improper, try such Issue without a Jury accordingly; and whenever any Issue shall be tried by a Lord Ordinary without a Jury, such Lord Ordinary shall take Notes of the Evidence, and shall hear Counsel thereon, and otherwise the Proceedings shall be conducted continuously and as nearly as may be as in an ordinary Jury Trial; and within Eight Days after the Proceedings at the Trial are concluded such Lord Ordinary shall pronounce an Interlocutor, in which he shall state specifically what he finds in Point of Fact; and it shall be competent to either Party, by written Note, within Eight Days from its Date, to bring such Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary under Review of the Lord Ordinary upon :his own Notes of Evidence, who shall forthwith hear Parties thereon; and it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary, upon such Review, and within Eight Days after hearing Parties, either to correct his Interlocutor as regards such Findings in Fact or to order a new Trial, as he may think fit: Provided always, that if either of such Periods of Eight Days extends into Vacation or Recess, such Period shall not be held to elapse till the Fourth

351

1850.

Court of Simon (Scotland). - Cap. 36.

Day after the next Meeting of the Lords Ordinary or the Court thereafter.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That unless it shall appear that Lord Ordi-rach Findings in Point of Fact by such Lord Ordinary pro- "naryj8n^* ceeded on some erroneous View of the Law, as to Competency final

of Evidence or otherwise, such Findings in Fact shall be final; unlw reciaim-but it shall be competent to either of the Parties to raise, on a m«a^st* Reclaiming Note to the Inner House, any Question of Law which may be relevantly raised upon the Evidence as appearing in the Notes of such Lord Ordinary taken as aforesaid; and no Objection to any Finding in Point of Law by such Lord Ordinary during the Proceedings at the Trial shall be competent unless such Objection was stated, and noted by the Lord Ordinary at the Time of such Finding; and the Notes of the Lord Ordinary shall be referred to for no other Purpose than to decide such Questions of Law: Provided always, that any Proviso as to Appeal which may be entered to the House of Lords against Appeals on any Interlocutor which may be pronounced by the Inner House £^tions ° on any such Question of Law shall be subject to the same Regulations and entitled to the same Privileges in all respects as Appeals against Interlocutors or Judgments upon Bills of Exceptions are at present subject and entitled to.

XLVIII. And whereas Cases may arise in which it js de- Lord Ordinary arable that Questions of Fact should be investigated without may try special ' Trial by Jury or Proof on Commission Be it enacted, That without a in any Cause before the Court of Session it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary before whom such Cause depends, without adjusting an Issue or Issues, to pronounce an Interlocutor, stating distinctly any such Question or Questions to which the Parties are to address their Proof, and appointing such Question or Questions for Trial by himself, without a Jury; and the Proof to be adduced by the Parties shall in such Case be limited to the Points so stated, and shall proceed at such Time and Place as i hall be appointed, unless on Review of such Interlocutor it shall appear to the Court that such Course of Procedure is not in the Circumstances of the Case expedient, or the Interlocutor be otherwise altered by the Court; and the Lord Ordinary shall find on each such Question separately, and his Findings on such Questions shall be final, subject always to such Review,

Correction, and Objections as would have been competent there-against under this Act if the Cause had been tried by such Lord Ordinary on Issues.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in any Cause before the Lord Ordinary Court of Session, not falling within the Causes specially enu- may take the merated in the said recited Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth as appropriate except in the to be tried by Jury, it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary enumerated before whom such Cause depends, with the Consent of both Cau*e* '

Parties or upon the Motion of One Party, with the Leave of the Inner House obtained upon the Report of the Lord Ordi-wry, or to the Court when the Cause comes in to the Inner

House,

352

Parti* may choose their own Jury.

Reports by Lords Ordinary to be verbal.

Compensation.

Cap. 36. Court of Seuirn (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

House, to appoint the Evidence in such Case, or any Portion of such Evidence, to be taken by Commission: Provided always, that it shall be competent for the Court to allow Proof on Commission in any of such enumerated Causes where the Action is not an Action for Libel or for Nuisance, or properly and in Substance an Action of Damages.

L. And whereas it is expedient to extend the Benefits of ' Arbitration Be it enacted, That if the Parties in any Cause before the Court of Session in which an Issue is to be tried shall consent to refer the same to any One Arbiter, or to any Three, Five, or Seven Arbiters, it shall be lawful for the Court or the Lord Ordinary, and the Court or Lord Ordinary is hereby required to allow such Arbiter or Arbiters to be sworn and to sit as a J ury to try such Issue; and such Arbiter or Arbiters, or the major Part of their Number in the event of Difference of Opinion, shall have all the Powers of a unanimous J ury; and the Proceedings of such Trial shall be conducted, as far as may be, as in any ordinary Case of Trial by Jury, either Party being entitled to take Exceptions, and to move for new Trial, as in any ordinary Case: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to either Party to object to the Verdict, or to move for new Trial, in respect of the Verdict being against Evidence, or on any other Ground implying Miscarriage on the Part of the Jury alone: Provided also, that the Court, in the event of granting a new Trial, shall direct the new Trial to pro* ceed before the same Arbiter or Arbiters, if able to try the Cause, and the new Trial shall in that Case proceed before the same Arbiter or Arbiters accordingly.

LI. And be it enacted, That where by the Provisions of this Act anything may be done upon Report of a Lord Ordinary to one or other of the Divisions of the Court, the same may be done summarily by a simple verbal Report, to be made by such Lord Ordinary to such Division.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk or Officer of the Court of Session or other Court, entitled to Compensation for Loss to be suffered through the Operation or Effect of this Act, to make Application to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for Compensation, giving at the same Time Notice of such Application to Her Majesty's Advocate for Scotland; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to investigate such Claim, and call for such Evidence in relation thereto as they may think necessary; and upon such Claim being established to their Satisfaction the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, out of such Monies as Parliament shall hereafter provide, to award to such Person such Compensation as they shall, under all the Circumstances of the Case, and having reference to the Nature of the Appointment and the Duration of the Service, think him entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum or by way of Annuity, as they shall think proper: Provided always, that a Copy of every such Award for Compensation shall be laid before

both

353

186a

Court of Session (Scotland).

Cap. 36.

both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days from the Day on which the same shall be granted, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not, then within Thirty Days after the then next Sitting of Parliament; and no such Award shall be final and conclusive until Two Calendar Months after the same shall have been so laid before Parliament: Provided also, that it shall be a Condition of every such Grant that the Compensation so granted, in the event of the Appointment thereafter of any of the said Persons to any Office of Profit or Emolument under the Crown, shall abate or wholly cease during the Period in which such Person shall hold such Office, so as that the Compensation and Emolument thereof, taken together, shall not exceed the Emoluments of the Office in respect of which the Compensation has been granted.

L11L And be it enacted, That in construing this Act the Interpretation Expression " Clerk of Session " shall include Principal Clerk of °* TermM-Session, Depute Clerk of Session, and Assistant Clerk of Session, both in the Inner and Outer House; the Word " Pursuer " shall include Complainer, and the Word " Defender " shall include Respondent.

LIY. And be it enacted, That the Court of Session shall be Court of Set-and the said Court is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, nuke

from and after the passing of this Act, to make such Regula- Acteofls^e- 7 tions, by Act or Acts of Sederunt, as the said Court may deem runt, meet for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and also to make Regulations substituting such Services or Notices as the Court may deem meet in lieu of Actions of Transference as at present in use, and also to make Regulations for allowing Summonses and Notes of Advocation and of Suspension, and of Suspension and Interdict, and of Suspension and Liberation, to be called at any Box Day in Vacation or Recess, and making Defences returnable at such Box Days, or on the Meeting of the Lords Ordinary, or of the Court after Vacation or Recess; and the said Court may meet for the above Purposes during Vacation as well as during Session, and may alter and amend such Regulations from Time to Time: Provided always, that within Fourteen Days from the Commencement of every future Session of Parliament there shall be transmitted to both Houses of Parliament Copies of all Acts of Sederunt made and passed under the Powers hereby given.

LV. And be it enacted, That, excepting in so far as regards Commence-the Power herein-before given to the Court of Session to pass ment of Act* Acts of Sederunt, this Act shall take effect from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty:

Provided always, that it shall be competent to the said Court, from and after the passing of this Act, to make any Order in any existing Cause, to take effect at and from the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts, and Recited Acta, all Laws, Statutes, Acts of Sederunt, and Usages, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, in so far only as they may be variance with

in this Act.

Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

in any respect inconsistent or at variance with the Provisions of this Act.

Act

LVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or

amen ed, &c. repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No. 1.

Form of an ordinary Petitory Summons.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Fait h To Messengers at Arms, Our Sheriffs in that

Part, conjunctly and severally, specially constituted, greeting: Whereas it is humbly meant and shown to Us by Our Lovite A. [insert Name and Designation], Pursuer, against B. [iinsert Name and Designation], Defender, in Terms of the Condescendence and Note of Pleas in Law hereunto annexed: Therefore the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree of the Lords of Our Council and Session, to make Payment to the Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling,

[where any liquid Document of Debt is libelled on, whether Bond, Bill, or other Document, as the Case may be, set it forth here, as shortly as possible, describing it merely by its Date, and the Names of the Parties by and to whom granted,] with the legal Interest thereof from the Day of until Payment, together with the Sum of Sterling, or such other Sum as Our said Lords shall modify as the Expenses of the Process to follow hereon, conform to the Laws and daily Practice of Scotland used and observed in the like Cases, as is alleged: Our Will is Herefore, $*<?. [iinsert the Will in common Form, down to the Words," Given under our Signet at Edinburgh," inclusive].

[To be signed on each Page by a Writer to the Signet, and signeted in common Fomu\

Condescendence.

[State articulately the Allegations in Fact which form the Ground

of Action.]

Note of Pleas in Law.

[State them articulately.]

In respect whereof, &c.

[To be signed on each Page by the same Writer to the Signet who signs the above.]

No.

1850.

Cap. 36.

355

Court of Session (Scotland).

No. 2.

Form of a Summons of Count and Beckoning and Payment.

Victoria, &c. [as before]: Whereas, , fyc. c. [as before]: Therefore the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree of the Loras of our Council and Session, to exhibit and produce before Our said Lords a full and particular Account of his whole Intromissions as Factor for the Pursuer, [or otherwise, as the Case may be, '] whereby the true Balance due by him to the Pursuer may appear and be ascertained by Our said Lords: And the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, to make Payment to the Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling, or of such other 'Sum as

shall appear and be ascertained by Our said Lords to be due by the Defender as the Balance of his said Intromissions, with the legal Interest thereof from the Day of

until Payment; or, in the event of the Defender failing to produce an Account as aforesaid, he ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, to make Payment to the Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling, which shall in that

Case be held to be the Balance of his said Intromissions, with the legal Interest thereof from the said Day

of until Payment; and whether the said Account

is produced or not, the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, to make Payment to the Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling, &c. [insert Conclusion for Expenses, as before]: Our Will is Herefore, $c.

[insert the Will in common Form, as before].

[To be signed and signeted as before.]

No. 3.

Form of a Summons of Declarator of Trust.

Victoria, [as before]: Whereas, , fyc. c. [as before]i Therefore it ought and should be found and declared, by Decree of the Lords of Our Council and Session, that a Disposition dated whereby, for the Causes therein specified,

the Pursuer sold, alienated, and disponed to the Defender, and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole the Lands of was a Trust in

the Person of the Defender, for the Use and Behoof of the Pursuer, and his Heirs or Assignees: And the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, tc denude of the said Lands, and to convey the same, with the Writs and EvidentB thereof, to the Pursuer, and his Heirs and Assignees, with Warrandice from the Defender's own Facts and Deeds [insert Conclusion for Expenses and Will, as before].

[To be signed and signeted as before.]

No.

356 Cap. 36. Court of Session (Scotland). 13 & 14 VICT.

No. 4.

Form of a Summons of Reduction.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Messengers at Arms, Our Sheriffs

in that Part, conjunctly and severally, specially constituted, greeting: Our Will is, [take in Will of Summons in common Form, down to the Statement of the Reasons; then say] for the Reasons and Causes set forth in the Condescendence and Note of Pleas hereunto annexed: Therefore, and for other Reasons to be proposed at discussing hereof, the said last Will and Testament [or other Document sought to be reduced, as the Case may be], with all that has followed or may follow on the same, ought and should be reduced, retreated, rescinded, cassed, annulled, decerned, and declared by Decree of Our said Lords, to have been from the Beginning, to be now and in all Time coming, null and void, and of no Avail, Force, Strength, or Effect, in Judgment or outwith the same in Time coming, and the Pursuer reponed and restored thereagainst in integrum: And the Defender ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, to make Payment to the Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling [insert Conclusion for Expenses, as before], or else to allege a reasonable Cause in the contrary: With Certification to the Defender, if he fail, Our said Lords will proceed in the said Matter, and reduce, decern, and declare in manner foresaid: According to Justice, [according to usual Form, as before].

[To be signed and signeted as before.]

No. 5.

Form of a Summons of Multiplepoinding.

Victoria, §t. [os before]: Whereas it is humbly meant and shown to us by Our Lovite A. [insert Name and Designation], Pursuer, against B. [insert Name and Designation], common Debtor, and C., D., and E, [insert Names and Designations of each in order, and state who is the real Raiser], Creditors or pretended Creditors of the said B., all Defenders, in Terms of the Condescendence and Note of Pleas in Law hereunto annexed: Therefore it ought and should be found and declared, by Decree of the Lords of Our Council and Session, that the Pursuer is only liable in once and single Payment of the Principal Sum of Sterling contained in a Bond

dated granted by him to the said B., his Heirs,

Executors, or Assignees, and Interest thereon from the Day of until Payment, or until Consignation in this Process, and that to the Person or Persons who may have just Right thereto; for determining which the said several Persons, Creditors or pretended Creditors foresaid, and the said B.,

common

18501 Court of Session (Scotland). Cap. 36, 37. 357

Common Debtor, for his Interest, and all others pretending Bight thereto, ought to produce their respective Grounds of Debt and Diligences thereon or other Interest in the said Sum, and dispute their Preferences thereto: And the Pursuer should be found entitled to retain the Expenses of this Process as the same shall be ascertained in the course thereof, and decerned and ordained to make Payment of what Sum shall remain in Us Hands after such Retention to such of the Defenders or others as may be found to have best Right thereto: And the Defenders who shall be found to have no Right to the Sums in medio, and all others, ought and should be decerned and ordained, by Decree foresaid, to desist and cease from further troubling the Pursuer with respect to the Premises in Time coming, conform to the Laws and daily Practice of Scotland treed and observed in the like Cases, as is alleged. Our Will is Herefore, frc* [insert the Will in common Form, as before].

[To be signed and signeted as before.]

SCHEDULE B.)

This Summons, [or Note of Suspension, or Note of Suspension and Interdict, or Note of Suspension and Liberation, or Note of Advocation,] executed [or intimated] by me [insert NameJ, Messenger at Arms, against [or to] [insert Name or Names], Defender [or Defenders, or Respondent or Respondents] [state whether personally or otherwise], in Presence of [insert Name and Designation of Witness], this Day of Eighteen hundred and Years.

T Signature of Messenger.1

C.D., Witness-

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the further Extension of Summary Jurisdiction in Cases of Larceny.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more lo&uViet speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders, it is c. 82.

enacted, that every Person who should subsequently to the passing of that Act be charged with having committed or having attempted to commit, or with having been an Aider,

Abettor, Counsellor, or Procurer in the Commission of any Offence which then was or thereafter should or might be by Law deemed or declared to be Simple Larceny, or punishable as Simple Larceny, and whose Age at the Period of the Commission or attempted Commission of such Offence should not, in the Opinion of the Justices before whom he or she should be brought or appear as therein-after mentioned, exceed the Age of Fourteen Years, should, upon Conviction thereof upon ms own Confession or upon Proof before any Two or

11 & 12 Vict. c. 39.

Recited Acts extended to all Cases in which the Age of the Person charged does not exceed Sixteen Years.

O field ersabore Fourteen Years of Age not to be whipped.

Justice to ask whether Accused wishes

Cap. 37. Larceny Summary Jurisdiction. 13 & 14 VICT

more Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, Borough, Liberty, or Place, in. Petty Sessions assembled at the usual Place and in open Court, be punished as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders 6 in Ireland, it is enacted that every Person who should subsequently to the passing of that Act be charged with having committed or having attempted to commit, or with having been an Aider, Abettor, Counsellor, or Procurer in the Commission of any Offence in Ireland which then was or thereafter should or might be by Law deemed or declared to be

Simple Larceny or punishable as Simple Larceny, and whose Age at the Period of the Commission or attempted Commission of such Offence should not, in the Opinion of the Jus-

tices before whom he or she should be brought or appear as therein-after mentioned, exceed the Age of Fourteen Years, should, upon Conviction thereof upon his own Confession or upon Proof before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, Borough, Liberty, or Place, in Petty Sessions assembled at the usual Place and in open Court, be punished as therein mentioned: And whereas the Expense and Delay sustained in the Prosecution of Persons guilty of petty Thefts tend to the Increase of such Offences; and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should be extended as herein-after provided:' Be it enacted therefore by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and the Jurisdiction thereby given, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall extend and be applicable to all Cases in which any Person shall subsequently to the passing of this Act be charged with any such Offence as in the said Acts mentioned, and the Age of the Person so charged at the Period of the Commission or attempted Commission of the Offence shall not, in the Opinion of the Justices before whom he or she shall be brought or appear as therein mentioned, exceed the Age of Sixteen Years and that the Provisions of the said recited Acts for Summons, Warrant to summon and apprehend, and all other the Provisions applicable to the Cases where any Person whose Age is alleged not to exceed Fourteen Years shall be charged with any such Offence as in the said Acts mentioned, shall extend and be applicable to all Cases in which any Person whose Age shall not exceed Sixteen Years shall be charged with any such Offence as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower any Justice or Justices to order the Punishment of Whipping to be inflicted upon any Offender whose Age shall exceed the Age of Fourteen Years.

II. And be it enacted, That One of the Justices before whom any Person shall be charged and proceeded against under this Act

1850.

369

Larceny Summary Jurisdiction. Cap. 37, 38.

Act or the herein-before mentioned Acts, before such Person shall be asked whether he or she has any Cause to show why he or she should not be convicted, shall say to the Person so charged these Words, or Words to the like Effect: We shall " have to hear what you wish to say in answer to the Charge " against you; but if you wish the Charge to be tried by a " Jury, you must object now to our deciding upon it at once and if such Person, or a Parent of such Person, shall then object, the Justices shall proceed with the Charge as if the said Acts had not been passed.

ILL. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Scotland.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the new Church at Upton cum Chalvey in the County of Buckingham and Diocese of Oxford.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS a new Church intended as and for the

Parish Church of the Parish of Upton cum Chalvey in the County of Buckingham and Diocese of Oxford was erected and built some Time in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and was duly consecrated for the Performance of the Divine Service therein: And whereas before the Period at which the said new Church was legally constituted the Parish Church divers Marriages have been solemnized in the said new Church by the Vicar or officiating Minister for the Time being of the Parish of Upton cum Chalvey, and by other Clergymen, under the erroneous Opinion that according to the Terms of the Sentence of Consecration of the said new Church or otherwise Marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein, and Entries of the several Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid have been from Time to Time made in the Register Book of the said Parish, 4 in compliance with the Provisions of the Act of Parliament respecting the Registry of Marriages: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether such Marriages so as aforesaid solemnized in such Church before the same was legally constituted the Parish Church are strictly legal, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages so as aforesaid solemnized in the said new Church of Upton cum Chalvey shall be as good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the flame had been solemnized in the Parish Church of Upton cum Chalvey aforesaid.

the Charge to be tried by a Jury.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

All Marriages already solemnised in the new Church of Upton cum Chalrey-declared to be valid.

360 Cap. 38, 39. Upton cum Chalvey Marriages Validity. 13 & 14 VICtf.

Ministers ha*-

II. And be it enacted, That the Minister or Ministers who ^hafna^iei solemnized such Marriages respectively as aforesaid shall not not to beUabie be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proto Penalties.

Registers of Marriages so solemnised to be Evidence.

i & s Vict. c. 82. T T Second Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for esta-

blishing a Prison for young Offenders, Visitors of Parkhurst

Prison, with such Duties and Powers as therein mentioned,

are appointed by Her Majesty with the Advice of Her Privy Council: And whereas under the Provisions of an Act passed Vict. c. 29. t the Fifth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for esta-

blishing a Prison at Pentonville, Commissioners for governing ' the said Prison at Pentonville are appointed by Her Majesty ' with the Advice of the Privy Council, and such Commissioners 6 are incorporated by the Name of "The Commissioners for the

Government of Pentonville Prison," with such Powers and

Duties as therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed 6 & 7 Vict. c. 26. the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Prison at Millbank, it was enacted, that such of the Inspectors of Prisons as should be appointed for that Pur-f pose by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, should have the same Duties and Powers with respect to the said Prison which the Visiting Justice of any other Prison

(had with respect to their Prison; and the said Inspectors were

6 incorporated by the Name of "The Inspectors of the Millbank

PrisonAnd whereas under an Act passed in the Twelfth

11 & 12 Vict. ' Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Act for

°*104* ' regulating the Prison at Millbank, One of Her Majesty's Prin-

cipal Secretaries of State was authorized to appoint Visitors ' of the said Prison; and all the Powers, Duties, and Functions ' vested in and to be performed by " The Inspectors of the

Millbank Prison" under the said Act of the Seventh Year of Her Majesty were transferred to such Visitors, who were

incorporated by the Style of "The Visitors of the Millbank ' PrisonAnd whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of

5 G. 4. C. 84. King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Transport-

ation of Offenders from Great Britain, Provision was made

for

ceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his or their having so as aforesaid solemnized the same respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That the Registers of the Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid, or Copies of such Registers, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in the same Manner as the same would have been receivable in Evidence in case the said Marriages respectively had been solemnized in the Parish Church of Upton cum Chalvey aforesaid.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Government of Convict Prisons.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of an Act passed in the

Convict Prisons.

Cap. 39.

1 for the Appointment by His Majesty of a Superintendent of the Places to be appointed under such Act in the River Thames or some other River, or within the Limits of some 1 Port or Harbour of England or Wales, for the Confinement 1 of Male Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation,

and also for the Appointment of an Assistant or Deputy to

such Superintendent at One or more of the said Places of

Confinement, and to be constantly resident at or near the c Place or Places to which he should be appointed, and also

of an Overseer of each such Place of Confinement: And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing the Office of Superintendent of Convicts under Sentence of Transportation, it was ' enacted, that 'upon the next Vacancy in the Office of Superintendent of Convicts in England under Sentence or Order of ' Transportation so much of the said Act of the Fifth Year of

King George the Fourth as provides for the Appointment of such Superintendent by Her Majesty, or any Overseer, or any ' Assistant or Deputy to such Superintendent, should be re-

pealed, and that all Male Offenders in England under Sen-

tence or Order of Transportation should be thenceforth in the f Custody and Management of such Person or Persons as should be for that Purpose appointed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, not altered by the Act now in recital, with respect to the Superintendent and f Overseer having Custody of any Offenders under the said Act, should apply to the Persons severally having the Custody and

Management of such Offenders under the Act now in recital:

And whereas it is expedient that all the Powers which by the ' said recited Acts are vested in the Visitors of Parkhurst Prison,

the Commissioners for the Government of Pentonville Prison, ' and the Visitors of the Millbank Prison, respectively, and such ' Powers heretofore vested in the said Superintendent of Convicts as by the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty were transferred to the Persons having the Custody and ' M anagement of Male Offenders in England under Sentence

or Order of Transportation under that Act, should be vested 1 in Directors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to appoint not less than Three fit Persons to be Directors of all the said Prisons of Parkhurst, Pentonville, and Millbank, and of the Places for the Confinement of Male Offenders in England under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and to appoint One of such Penoos to be' the Chairman of such Directors, and from Time to Time to remove any of such Persons so to be appointed, and to appoint another or others in his or their Stead; and the

Persons

361

9 & 10 Vict. c. 26.

Power to Secretary of State to appoint Directors of Parkhurst, Pentonille, and Mill-bank Prisons, and of all Places for Confinement of Male Offender* in England under

Sentence of Transportation.

Cap. 39.

Convict Prisons.

13 & 14 VICT

Persons so appointed, or any Two of them, shall, during their Appointment, have and perform all the Powers and Duties which under the said recited Acts are vested in or to be performed by the Visitors of Parkhurst Prison, the Commissioners for the Government of Pentonville Prison, and the Visitors of the Mitt-bank Prison, respectively, with respect to such respective Prisons, and shall also have and perform all such of the Powers and Duties heretofore vested in and to be performed by the said Superintend dent of Convicts as by the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty were transferred to the Person or Persons having the Custody and Management of such Offenders as aforesaid under that Act; and all Powers and Duties which under the said recited Acts might be exercised and performed by One of the Visitors of Parkhurst or the Millbank Prisons respectively, or by One of the Commissioners for the Government of Pentor* ville Prison, may be exercised and performed by One of the Directors to be appointed under this Act; and all or any of the Powers and Duties of the said Superintendent of Convicts hereby transferred to such Directors may be exercised and performed by any One of such Directors; and all the Provisions of the said recited Acts in relation to the Visitors of Parkhurst Prison, the Commissioners for the Government of Pentonville Prison, and the Visitors of the Millbank Prison, shall |be applicable to the Directors to be appointed under this Act; and all the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth with respect to the said Superintendent of Convicts, so far as the same have Relation to the Powers and Duties of such Superintendent intended to be by this Act transferred to such Directors shall from and after the Appointment of such Directors be applicable to such Directors and under this Act be exercised and performed by any One of such Directors.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Directors to be appointed under this Act, and their Successors, shall be a Body Corporate, by the Name of "The Directors of Convict Prisons," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and may sue and be sued in all Courts and before all Justices and others.

III. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the first Appointment of Directors under this Act the Powers and of the Visitors appointed under the first-recited Act, of &c. to cease. the Commissioners for the Government of Pentonville Prison, of the Visitors of the Millbank Prison, and such of the Powers and Duties of the said Superintendent of Convicts as by the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty were transferred to the Person or Persons having the Custody and Management of Male Offenders in England under Sentence or Order of Transportation under that Act, shall cease and determine.

IV. And whereas in and by the Act secondly above recited, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville, it was amongst other things enacted, w that every Officer or Servant

of

Directors incorporated as " The Directors of Convict Prisons."

After Appointment of Directors. Powers of

Provisions of the Pentonville Prison Act as to In* troduction of

185a

Convict Prisons.

Cap. 39) 40.

363

of the Pentonville Prison who should bring or carry out, or Spirit *, Tobecendeavour to bring or carry out, or knowingly allow to be ' brought or carried out, to or for any such Convict, any Money, ° £c. menClothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Ar- tioned in this tides whatsoever not allowed by the Rules of the Prison, Act- should be liable to be punished as therein-after mentioned ' And whereas it is expedient to make the said Enactment applicable to all the Prisons and Places of Confinement mentioned in this Act Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville as is above set forth and referred to shall be and the same is extended to the Prisons of Parkhurst, Mill-bank, and to all the said Places for the Confinement of Male Offenders in England under Sentence or Order of Transportation, and to the Officers and Servants employed therein; and all the Powers given thereby to the Commissioners of Penton-vMe in that Behalf shall be exercised by the Directors appointed under this Act in the said Prisons of Pentonville, Millbank, and Parkhurst, and the said Places for the Confinement of Offenders under Sentence or Order of Transportation.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or re- Act may be pealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amended, &e.

An Act to regulate the Disposition of the Naval Prize Balance.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich io G. 4, c. 26. 4 Out-Pensions and certain Duties in Matters of Prize to the Treasurer of the Navy, it is enacted, that all forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Balances of Prize Money, and a Percentage of Five Pounds in every One hundred Pounds out of the Proceeds of all Prizes, and out of all Grants to the Royal Navy and Marines, and out of all Bounty Monies, and out of 4 mD Seizures made under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation,

and Slave Abolition Laws, and out of all Droits of Adminlty, and out of all Monies arising from Derelicts, should continue to be paid and should be paid and payable to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the Time being, by such Persons, and at such Times, and subject to such Penalties for Default, Delay, or Refusal, as the same had theretofore been or were then paid or payable to the Treasurer of Greenwith Hospital or Ins Deputy, by virtue of any Act or Acts then in force relating to the said forfeited and unclaimed Shares and Percentage; which several Payments and Deductions might be by the said Treasurer of the Navy applied,

under the Authority and Direction n 11 T 1 TT' 1 J 1

CAP. XL.

or Commissioners for executing

Naval Prize Balance.

13 & 14 Vior.

364 Cap. 40.

Admiral, in aid of the Sums granted for Greenwich Out* c Pensions; and in the event of there remaining any Surplus ' thereof after defraying the Greenwich Out-Pensions, then the said Treasurer of the Navy should cause such Surplus to be ' from Time to Time invested (under the Authority and by the ' Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for ' executing the Office of Lord High Admiral) in some of the ' Public Government Stocks, Funds, or Securities, in the Name ' of the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, and should ' receive and apply the Dividends arising therefrom in aid of the ' Greenwich Out-Pensions; and the said Stocks, Funds, and ' Securities might be from Time to Time by the said Treasurer ' of the Navy sold, under the like Authority and Direction, and ' the Produce thereof applied in further Aid of future Green-(wick Out-Pensions: And whereas the Payment of Greenwich ' Out-Pensions being otherwise fully provided for, it is expedient to alter the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of So much of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act so much mrelatwto6, Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His

Payments and kite Majesty King George the Fourth as enacts that the said Deductions, and several Payments and Deductions may be by the said Treasurer hvoStof ^e Navy applied, under the Authority and Direction of the SurpliuT&c., Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office repealed. of Lord High Admiral, in aid of the Sums granted for Greenwich Out-Pensions, and so much of the same Act as provides for the Investment of any Surplus thereof after defraying the Greenwich Out-Pensions, and the Application of the Dividends arising therefrom, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Naval Prise

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of Cash Balance this Act so much of the said several Payments and Deductions which now form the Naval Prize Cash Balance, and also so Fund.*0 much of such future Payments and Deductions as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may at any Time and from Time to Time deem expedient, shall, by Her Majesty's Paymaster General, under the Authority and Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, be paid and transferred to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Deficiency of #III. And be it enacted, That in case any Claims in respect Cash*Bailee* ^>r"e Bounty Money shall hereafter be made which the

to be made Naval Prize Cash Balance for the Time being shall not be good out of the sufficient to pay, in that Case, and whenever the same may so FuncTlldated happen, there shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland a sufficient Sum to meet and defray such Claims.

Act may be iy. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amen ed> &c* amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41.

365

CAP. XLI.

An Act t<5 authorize the Division of [the Parish of Manchester into several Parishes, and for the Application of the Revenues of the Collegiate and Parish Church, and for other Purposes.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS the Warden and Fellows of the College of

" Christ in Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and their Predecessors, by Letters Patent under the Letters Patent, ' Great Seal of England, bearing Date the Second Day of dat^ 24 °eU (October in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King Charles 11 Car'l' the First, were incorporated by the Name of the Warden and Fellows of the College of Christ in Manchester founded by King Charles, and the Bishop of Chester and his Successors were made Visitors of the said College: And whereas at the Time of the passing of the Act of Parliament next hereinafter mentioned, the said Warden and the Fellows of the said College (such Fellows being Four in Number) constituted, under the Provisions of the said Letters Patent, the Chapter of the said College: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of the s A 4 Vict. Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, for carrying into °*lls* effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, it was among other things enacted, that thenceforth all the Members of Chapter, except the Dean, in every Cathedral and Collegiate Church in England, should be styled Canons, and that the said Warden of the said Collegiate Church of Manchester should be styled Dean; and that in the said Collegiate Church of Manchester, as soon as the See of Manchester should have been founded, and every Person who should be a Member of the said Chapter at the passing of that Act should have oeased to be such Member, the Canonries should be in the direct Patronage of the Bishop of Manchester for the Time beings who might, upon the Vacancy of any Canonry, collate thereto a Spiritual Person, who should thereupon be entitled to Installation as a Canon of the same Church; and that such fixed annual Sum should be determined on to be paid, and should accordingly be paid, to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners of England by the said Dean and Canons of the said Collegiate Church of Manchester as, after due Inquiry, and a Calculation of the then present average annual Revenues of the Chapter of such Church, should leave to the Dean thereof an average annual Income of Two thousand Pounds, and to the Canons thereof respectively the average annual Income of One thousand Pounds; and that the Monies and Revenues to be paid to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England by and under the Authority of that Act, together with

all

Acts as to Ecclesiastical Commissioners, 6 & 7 W. 4. C. 77.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39.

10All Vict. c. 108.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

all Accumulations of Interest arising therefrom, should be from Time to Time carried over by the said Commissioners to a Common Fund, to be applied as therein mentioned to make additional Provision for the Cure of Souls in Parishes where such Assistance is most required: And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage; and another Act was] passed in the Parliament held in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and another Act was passed in the Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for establishing the Bishop rick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners of EnglandAnd whereas, under or by virtue of the said Four several Acts of Parliament, and the Powers thereby conferred, the Bishoprick of Manchester has been duly founded and endowed, and the said Collegiate Church has been duly made and is now the Cathedral Church of the said Diocese of Manchester; and the Bishop of Manchester for the Time being has been duly constituted the Visitor of the said Cathedral; but Doubts have been entertained whether he has thereby become Visitor of the said College: And whereas the said Dean and Canons are seised of the Rectory of the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, and of certain Tithes, Glebe Lands, Hereditaments, and Tenements belonging thereto, which at present produce a 4 considerable Revenue, and will probably produce hereafter 4 a much larger yearly Income: And whereas the Queen's most Excellent Majesty is Patron of the said Deanery or Warden-9 ship of the said College, and as such entitled to nominate the said Dean thereof: And whereas the said Bishop of Manchester is Ordinary of the said Parish of Manchester: And whereas the said Parish of Manchester is of very great Extent, and contains a very large Population: And whereas, in addition to the said Cathedral Church, many new Churches or Chapels have at various Times been erected within the said Parish of Manchester, and other Churches or Chapels are now being or may hereafter be erected in the same Parish, and certain Districts of the said Parish have been assigned to certain of such Churches or Chapels, and certain of such Churches or Chapels have been respectively endowed to a small Extent, but wholly insufficient for properly providing for the Cure of Souls in such Districts: And whereas, under or by virtue of The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1836," 44 The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1837, "

The

307

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act\ 1850. Cap. 41.

The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1839," " The 4 Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1841," 44 The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1844," 44 The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act (No. 1.), 1845," " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act (No. 2.), 1845," " The Manchester and Leeds Railway Act, 1846," and an Act passed in the Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen. Victoria, for the Improve ment of the Town of Manchester," or some of such Acts,

certain Land known by the Name of Walker's Croft? and formerly belonging to the said Dean and Canons and the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish of Manchester, and which for a long Time was used as a Parish Burial Ground, has been sold to the Manchester and Leeds Railway Company, now styled the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company, for Sums of Money amounting in the whole to Twelve thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence, or thereabouts, which grid Sum is, under the Provisions of the said several Railway Acts or some of them, and of the said Act for the Improvement of the Town of Manchester, to be laid out and invested, as therein mentioned, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be used as and for the Purposes of a Parish Burial Ground; and it is expedient that further Provision should be made with reference to the Application of such Sums of Money: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to make better Provision 6&7 Vietc. 37. 6 for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England are empowered, in the Case of Parishes, Chapelries, and Districts of great Extent and containing a large Population, wherein or in Parts whereof the Provision for Public Worship and for Pastoral Superintendence is insufficient for the Spiritual Wants of the Inhabitants thereof, to constitute any Part or Parts thereof a separate District for Spiritual Purposes, such District not at the Time of constituting the same containing within its Limits any consecrated Church or Chapel: And whereas it is proper that further and better Provision should be made for the Cure of Souls within the said Parish,

and it would tend greatly to promote the Spiritual Interests of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Manchester if such Division thereof into separate Parishes for Spiritual Purposes were made as herein-after provided, and if the Parishioners were ultimately relieved from the Payment of all double and increased Fees and Duties, and if all Ecclesiastical Dues,

Pees, and Offerings arising in each such Parish were hereafter payable to the Rector thereof, and if Provision were made for the Monies and Revenues arising in the said Parish, and payable or to become payable to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners under the Authority aforesaid, or under the Autho- A a 4 rity

A new District may be assigned to any Church or Chapel in Manchester by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England by any Scheme prepared by them, and ratified by the Queen in Council, with certain Consents.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

rity of this Act, being applied for the Spiritual Benefit of the said Parish in the Manner herein mentioned, and if Pro-9 vision were also made for certain of the Pews and Sittings c in the Churches of such several Parishes being free for the Use of the Parishioners, subject to the Order and Disposal

of the Ordinary; and it is also desirable that better Provision 9 should be made for securing the Residence of the Rectors and

Ministers of such Parishes and Districts, by the Erection of

suitable Houses of Residence where the same are or shall be c required, and that Powers should be given for varying the said Districts now existing or hereafter to be made within 6 the said Parish, or under the Authority of this Act, and for annexing Parts of the said Parish of Manchester to adjoining

Parishes, and Portions of adjoining Parishes to any of the proposed Parishes or Districts for Spiritual Purposes only, and 9 for selling or exchanging any House or Houses of Residence

unfit or unsuitable for Residence, or which shall not be situate within the Parish to which the same shall belong, and also

for vesting the Patronage of certain of the Churches and

Chapels aforesaid the Patronage whereof is not now exclu-

sively vested in the said Dean and Canons in the Bishop of the Diocese: And whereas the Objects aforesaid cannot be c effectually attained without the Authority of Parliament:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, by A Scheme or Schemes to be prepared by them, and for Her Majesty in Council, by an Order or Orders ratifying the same, at such Time or Times and from Time to Time as they may deem expedient, but in each and every Case with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to sever and disannex from the said Parish of Manchester, and also from any Parish or Parishes to be created under the Provisions of this Act, such Parts or Portions of the said Parish or Parishes as to them may seem fit, and to annex and assign the same respectively to the several Churches and Chapels (not being the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester) which have been already duly consecrated, or which may be hereafter duly consecrated, otherwise than under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, within the present Limits of the said Parish of Manchester, and to set out, declare, and constitute for such Churches and Chapels respectively, and to annex thereto, a District or Districts for Spiritual Purposes, within such Boundaries as they may con aider to be most suitable and convenient, and for that Purpose to vary the Boundaries of any District now subsisting, or of any District or Parish which may at any Time be constituted under the Provisions of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament: \ Provided

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41. 369

Provided always, that any Scheme or Order under this Act for setting out, declaring, constituting, or annexing any such District for or to any Church or Chapel already consecrated at the passing of this Act shall not, without the Consent of the Incumbent thereof (if any) then in possession, take effect until after the next Avoidance of such Church or Chapel: Provided also, that the Draft of any Scheme to be proposed to be laid before Her Majesty in Council by the said Commissioners shall be delivered or transmitted to the Rector or Incumbent and to the Patron or Patrons of the Church or Chapel of any Parish, Chapelry, or District out of which it is recommended that any such District or any Part thereof should be taken, in order that such Rector, Incumbent, Patron, or Patrons may have an Opportunity of offering or making to the said Commissioners or to such Bishop any Observations or Objections upon or to the constituting of such District, and that such Scheme shall not be laid before Her Majesty in Council until after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Copy shall have been so delivered or transmitted, unless such Rector,

Incumbent, and Patron or Patrons shall in the meantime, by Writing under their Hands respectively, consent to the same:

Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be so construed as to abridge, alter, or limit any Powers now possessed by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners of submitting any Scheme to Her Majesty in Council for the Constitution of any new Parish, or any Power now vested in Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, or in the Bishop of the Diocese, of or relating to the constituting any new Parish, District, or Chapelry, Parishes, Districts, or Chapelries, or altering the Boundaries thereof respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That every District constituted under Each District the Provisions of this Act, and also every District within the when consti-present Limits of the said Parish of Manchester becoming a new ^j^rLh Parish upon the Consecration of a Church therein, under the for Ecclesiasti-Provisions of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh cal Purposes; Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be a Parish for all Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Purposes, and be thereupon invested with all the Rights and Incidents belonging or attaching to a Parish by the Common Law, but so as not to authorize the making, levying, or applying Church or Chapel Rates for the Maintenance or Repair of the Church or Chapel within such Parish, and subject to the Provisions herein contained, and shall be called and known by the Name by which the Church thereof shall have been consecrated, or if such Name shall not be known, then by such other Name as shall be fixed by the Authority aforesaid, notwithstanding that in the Case of any District or Parish constituted under the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act any other Name shall have been previously fixed for such District or Parish; and the Church or Chapel of each and every such Parish and the Church hall be a Church and Rectory, and the Rectors thereof for the

Time

a Church and Rectory,

Farts of contiguous Parishes, &c. may be included in the District.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

Time being shall be a Body Politic and Corporate, and have a perpetual Succession, and the Incumbent or Minister, of such Church or Chapel shall thereupon, without any further Process

or Form in Law, become and be such Rector, and such Rectory and Parish shall be and be deemed to be a Benefice, with sole and exclusive Cure of Souls, to all Intents and Purposes; and, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, all Acts of Parliament, Laws, Canons, and Customs relating to the publishing of Banns of Matrimony, and to Marriages, Baptisms, Church-ings, and Burials, and the registering thereof, and to Ecclesiastical Fees, Oblations, or Offerings, shall apply to such Rectory and Parish, and to the Church and Rectory thereof; and the Patron or Patrons and Rector of every such Rectory, Parish, and Benefice shall be subject to all the Laws, Provisions, and Regulations in force for the Time being as to Presentation, Institution, Collation, Induction, Residence, and Lapse, and to all such Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archdeacon and other Jurisdiction, and as to holding Ecclesiastical Preferment, as shall by Law be applicable to Benefices with Cure of Souls; and the Right of Presentation to every such Benefice so to be created as aforesaid may be recovered, and the Incumbency thereof shall cease and be determined, in such Manner and by such Methods as the Presentation to or Incumbency in any other Rectories may now be respectively recovered or cease and be determined; and the Soil and Freehold of the Church of every such newly constituted Parish, and the Churchyard, Burial Ground, Vaults, and Catacombs (if any) belonging thereto, subject to such Rights, Claims, and Interests as shall be subsisting therein, and the House of Residence, with the Appurtenances belonging thereto or provided for the same, and all the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other Endowments of the Church of such Parish, and all the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other Endowments held by or vested in any Person or Persons or Body Corporate, in trust exclusively for or for the exclusive Benefit of the Incumbent, Minister, or Curate of such Church, shall become and be vested in the Rector thereof and his Successors for ever, and be held and enjoyed by him and them, in right of such Church and Rectory.

III. And be it enacted, That in constituting any District under the Provisions of this Act it shall be lawful, by the Authority aforesaid, to annex thereto any Part or Parts of any Parish, Chapelry, or District surrounding or contiguous to the said Parish of Manchester, and also to annex any Part or Parts of the said Parish of Manchester, or of any Parish, Chapelry, or District therein, to any such surrounding or contiguous Parish, Chapelry, or District, for Spiritual and Ecclesiastical Purposes only: Provided always, that the Scheme for any such Annexation shall not be laid before Her Majesty in Council until Notice of the Intention of the said Commissioners to lay before Iler Majesty in Council a Scheme for such Annexation shall have been delivered or transmitted to the Incumbent and Patron

or

371

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41.

or Patrons of every Parish, Chapelry, or District affected thereby, in order that such Incumbent and Patron or Patrons may respectively have an Opportunity of submitting to the said Commissioners any Observations upon or Objections to any such intended Annexation, and the said Commissioners shall not lay before Her Majesty in Council a Scheme for any Such Annexation until after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been so delivered or transmitted, unless such Incumbent, or Patron or Patrons, shall in the meantime by Writing under their Hands respectively consent to the same: Provided further, that if the Consent of such Incumbent be not obtained to such Annexation, then such Annexation shall not take effect until after the Incumbency of such Incumbent shall have ceased.

IV. And be it enacted, That such Part or Residue of the said Parish of Manchester as shall remain after Severance therefrom of any Parts or Portions thereof as aforesaid shall be and be deemed to be for all Ecclesiastical Purposes the Parish of Manchester, and the Dean of Manchester for the Time being shall, upon Institution and Installation into his Deanery, have the Cure of Souls therein, and shall be assisted in such Cure by the Chaplains or Minor Canons of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church to be hereafter appointed, who in all Matters connected with the Spiritual Duties of the said Parish shall be subject to and act under his Directions, and the said Dean shall have all Rights and Powers in reference to the Performance of the Services of the said Church, as the Parish Church of Manchester, as fully and effectually as if he were Rector of the same, subject nevertheless to any Rights belonging to or Duties imposed on the Canons and Minor Canons or Chaplains of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church in respect of the Performance of the Services thereof prescribed by the said recited Letters Patent.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the Severance from the said Parish of Manchester of any Portion or Portions thereof, under any Scheme or Schemes to be prepared and approved as aforesaid, the Duties to be performed by the said Chaplains or Minor Canons of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church to be hereafter appointed shall be restricted to the said Church, and the Parish which shall remain annexed thereto after such Severance as aforesaid, and the said Chaplains shall, notwithstanding any of the Provisions of this Act, be and remain Minor Canons of the said Cathedral Church, and shall have such Precedence and Dignity as other Minor Canons have or are entitled to in other Cathedral Churches.

VI. And in order that the setting out and declaring, or setting out, constituting, and annexing, any District or Parish, under the Provisions of this Act, to any Church or Chapel already consecrated or to be hereafter consecrated, may not prejudice the Revenues of the Chaplains or Minor Canons or of the Clerks now holding Office in the Cathedral and Parish Church of 3/an-

Chester,

Residue of the Parish after tho Districts are severed to be the Rectory and Parish of Manchester for all Ecclesiastical Purposes.

The Chaplains to be appointed by the Dean, and their Duties restricted to the Cathedral and Parish annexed thereto.

Reserving the Rights of the Chaplains and Clerks of the Collegiate Church.

Laws, Canons, and Customs relating to Marriages, &c. to remain in force during Incumbency of Chaplains, &c.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Acts 1860.

Chester, be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the Rectors of such Districts or Parishes respectively, and their Successors for the Time being, for the Performance of Marriages, Churchings, and Burials, during the Continuance in Office of the said Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks, or any of them, the Fees which are usually and of Right ought to be paid for every such Marriage and Burial, and such Offerings as are usually and of Right made for every such Churching at the said Cathedral and Parish Church of Manchester; and that the said Rectors and their respective Successors shall from Time to Time receive such Fees and Offerings, and pay to the said Chaplains or Minor Canons such Proportion of the same as Incumbents of Chapelries and Districts within the Parish of Manchester have hitherto paid of Fees and Offerings respectively received by them in respect of Marriages, Churchings, and Burials in their several Churches and Chapels, to be by the said Chaplains or Minor Canons paid to the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled thereto, and in such Shares and Proportions as the Fees and Offerings respectively now payable at the said last-mentioned Church are divided, and that the said Fees and Offerings shall be paid by half-yearly Payments on the Feast of the Nativity of our Saviour Christ and of St. John the Baptist in every Year: Provided always, that on the Death of any One or more of the present Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks, or on the ceasing of any One or more of them to hold his or their Office or Offices respectively, or being compensated in manner hereinafter provided, such Proportion of the Fees and Offerings to be paid to the said Chaplains or Mhior Canons and Clerks as would have belonged to the Person or Persons so dying or ceasing to hold Office, or being compensated as aforesaid, shall cease and determine; and from and after the Death or Vacation of Office of all the said present Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks such Fees only shall be payable at any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid as shall be fixed by the Bishop of the Diocese under the Provisions herein-after contained: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the Right of performing Marriages within the Parish of Manchester (as now existing) already enjoyed by the Incumbents of the Churches, of Saint Mary and Saint John in Manchester, until the next Avoidances of the said Churches respectively, when the same shall cease and determine, except as to the Districts or Parishes then severally annexed or to be annexed to the said Churches.

VII. And be it enacted, That during the Tenure of Office of any of the present Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks of the Cathedral and Parish Church of Manchester, or until Compensation shall be made to them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, as by this Act provided, all Laws, Canons, and Customs relating to the publishing of Banns of Matrimony, to Marriages, Churchings, and Burials in the said Cathedral and Parish Church, and the registering thereof, and to Ecclesiastical Fees, Oblations, or Offerings, shall continue in full force and

virtue.

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41. S7S

virtue, and that all the Privileges of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Manchester respecting the said Kites and Services my be enjoyed in such Manner as if this Act had not passed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case Compensation shall Mode of aacer-be made to the said Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks of tain, n? Com" the said Cathedral and Parish Church of Manchester, pursuant o^pUd^&c. to the Provisions herein contained, the Amount thereof shall be ascertained and settled upon an Average of Five Years Income

uert preceding the Time of computing such Compensation.

IX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Act not to af-affect the Laws relating to the Relief, Settlement, or Management of the Poor, nor any Municipal or Parliamentary Laws Poor, &c. or Regulations, nor prejudice or affect any Rights, Trusts, or Privileges incident or relating to any Almshouses, Hospital, or Charity, nor any Rights of Sepulture in any existing Church-yard. Burial Grounds, Vaults, and Catacombs within the Limits of the said Parish of Manchester, nor (except as herein otherwise provided) any Offices, Trusts, Rights, Privileges, or Capacities whatsoever which the Parishioners for the Time being of the same Parish are, in respect of their being §uch Parishioners, eligible or entitled to or capable of exercising or enjoying.

X. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the said ^!"i.on8 recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of M to church-Her present Majesty which relate to Churchwardens for the wardens ex-Parishes to be constituted thereunder shall extend and apply to 10 every Parish constituted or declared to be a Parish under the Provisions of this Act

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and Custom *, &c. as immediately after the first Appointment of Churchwardens for mettofChurch-any such Parish within the Limits aforesaid constituted under wardens a* far" the Provisions of this Act or of the said recited Act of the a* regard* new-Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, all Laws, Customs, and Usages for or relating to the Appointment and Duties of Churchwardens and Chapelwardens within and for the said Parish of Manchester shall, so far as regards such newly-constituted Parish and the Church thereof, cease and determine, and the Churchwardens appointed for any such newly-constituted Parish shall possess and may exercise, in addition to their Powers and Duties as such Churchwardens, all the Powers and be liable to perform all the Duties possessed by or imposed upon the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively of the Church of such Parish previously to its becoming each Parish Church, so far as such Powers and Duties are not affected by this Act.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Nothing in Act contained shall alter or affect any Law, Statute, or Custom ^ctChurch relating to the making, levying, or applying Church or Chapel Rates within the Limits aforesaid, or to the Duties of Churchwardens or Chapelwardens for the Parish of Manchester, or for any Church or Chapel within the existing Limits thereof, so far as relates to such making, levying, or applying, nor increase

or

Monies payable to Ecclesiastical Commissioners by the Dean and Canons to be applied in providing for the Cure of Souls in the Parish of Manchester.

After the next Avoidance, the Dean to be paid 1,000l. per Annum, and each Canon 6001 per Annum.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

or diminish any Liability of any Inhabitant of the said existing Parish of Manchester in respect of any Church or Chapel Bates, but from and after the Severance of any Portion of the said Parish of Manchester from the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church under any Scheme to be prepared and approved as aforesaid it shall not be competent, save as herein mentioned, to or for any Person, not being a Parishioner of the Parish which shall remain annexed to the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, to claim any Bights or Privileges as such in respect of the Bites or Services of such Church as a Parish Church.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions of this Act, all Monies and Revenues which now are or hereafter shall be payable to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners from the said Dean and Canons, under the Authority of any of the recited Acts or this Act, together with all Accumulation of Interest arising therefrom, shall be from Time to Time applied, by the Authority in the said first-recited Act provided, towards making better Provision for the Cure of Souls within the said Parish of Manchester, and also from Time to Time, if by the like Authority it shall be deemed expedient, towards providing for Payment to the Incumbents or Ministers of all or any of the Churches oriDistricts in the said Parish of Manchester of any annual Sums or Sum which, by any Order or Orders of Her Majesty in Council, now are or hereafter shall be charged on the Common Fund under the Control of the said Commissioners, so as to release the said Fund from all or any Part of its Liability in respect thereof, and for such other Purposes as are herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the next Avoidance of the said Deanery, and after the Severance from the said Parish of Manchester of any Portion or Portions thereof under any Scheme or Schemes to be so prepared and approved as aforesaid, therie shall be paid to the Dean of Manchester for the Time being, as such Dean, out of the annual Revenues of the Chapter of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the annual Income of One thousand Pounds, and no more, and the further annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and no more, in consideration of his being charged with the Cure of Souls in the said Parish, and that there shall be paid out of the said Revenues to each Canon of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church to be hereafter appointed the annual Income of Six hundred Pounds, and no more, and that there shall be paid to each Chaplain to be hereafter appointed the annual Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and no more, and that the Dean and Canons of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church for the Time being shall pay the clear Residue of the said Revenues to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, after reserving thereout such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been expended, with the Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, in the necessary Repairs of such Part or Parts of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and of Saint Mary's Church in Manchester, as

375

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41.

they are or may be liable to keep in repair out of the Revenues of the said Chapter, and also all such other necessary and proper Expenditure as may lawfully devolve upon the said Dean and Canons.

XV. And be it enacted, That to each of the Canonries in To eaeh of the the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church there shall be annexed One of the Four following Rectories and Parishes to be so One Rectory t> constituted as aforesaid; that is to say, the Rectory and Parish be annexed, of St Philip Salford, the Rectory and Parish of St. George Hulme, the Rectory and Parish of St. Andrew Manchester, and the Rectory and Parish of St. Matthew Manchester; and that sQch Annexation shall take effect as follows; that is to 6ay, after the First Avoidance of a Canonry after the passing of this Act the First of the said Rectories which shall become vacant shall be deemed to be and shall be annexed thereto; and that after the Second Avoidance of a Canonry as aforesaid such One of the Three remaining Rectories as shall first become vacant shall be deemed to be and shall be annexed thereto; and after the Third Avoidance of a Canonry as aforesaid such One of the Two remaining Rectories as shall first become vacant shall be deemed to be and shall be annexed thereto; and that after the Fourth Avoidance of a Canonry as aforesaid the last remaining of the said Rectories, on becoming vacant, shall be deemed to be and shall be annexed thereto; and that each Canon to whose Canonry such Annexation shall have been made, and his Successors, shall, after he or they shall have been admitted or collated and installed into such Canonry, on being instituted by the Bishop into the said Rectory, become and be Rector of the said Rectory and Parish to all Intents and Purposes, and shall thenceforth not be in any Manner liable for or charged with any Spiritual Duties in any other Parish or Place, except within the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and the Limits of the Parish so annexed to such Canonry as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions Patronage of herein-before contained respecting the Rectories to be annexed J^ne^eo" to the Canonries in the said Cathedral and Collegiate Church, tones* the Person or Persons now entitled to nominate or present to the several Churches or Chapels now existing, and to which Districts shall be annexed, and which shall be constituted Rectories and Parishes by virtue of this Act, shall thenceforth continue and be the Patron or Patrons respectively of the said Rectories and Parishes respectively; save and except that in evenr Case where the Patronage of a Church is now vested in the Dean and Canons jointly with any other Person or Persons the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be Patron of such Church jointly with such other Person or Persons, in the Stead of the said Dean and Canons: Provided also, that where the said Bishop is already One of the Patrons of any such Church, he shall enjoy all Rights and Privileges to accrue to him by virtue

Parish Clerks, Sextons, and Officers.

Saving Rights of Sir Thomas Joseph De Trafford.

The Commissioners, with Consent of Bishop, &c. may assign Pa-

virtue of this Act, in addition to such as are already vested in him, and that in case any further and additional Rectory or Parish shall be hereafter constituted and endowed, under the Powers or Provisions of this Act, from the Monies and Revenues under the Direction and Control of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the Patronage thereof shall, from and immediately after the Constitution and Endowment thereof, be vested in the said Bishop of Manchester and his Successors.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Parish Clerks and Sextons and Officers (other than the Churchwardens) of the several Rectories and Parishes to be constituted under the Authority of this Act shall, save as herein-after specially excepted, be nominated and appointed annually by the respective Rectors for the Time being of such Rectories and Parishes respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to alter or affect the Right to appoint a Clerk in Orders of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church now held by and vested in the said Dean and Canons of Manchester, but such Clerk in Orders may be nominated and appointed as heretofore.

XVIII. And whereas Sir Thomas Joseph De Trafford of ' Trafford Park in the County of Lancaster, Baronet, is or ' claims to be entitled, to him and his Heirs, to the Patronage ' and Right of Nomination and Appointment of One of the ' Two Parish Clerks of the Parish of Manchester and of the said Cathedral or Collegiate and Parish Church (the other of ' such Clerks being nominated and appointed by the said Dean

and Canons, and commonly called the Clerk in Orders): Be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Right (if any) of the said Sir Thomas Joseph De Trafford, his Heirs or Assigns, to appoint as heretofore One of the said Two Parish Clerks of the said Cathedral or Collegiate and Parish Church of Manchester and of the Parish of Manchester, or of such Part of the said Parish as shall at any Time hereafter remain to the said Church, or of the District or Parish which may at any Time hereafter remain or be annexed or attached to the said last-mentioned Church or held therewith, as the Case may be, and that such Right shall from henceforth be and remain vested in the said Sir Thomas Joseph De Trafford and his Heirs and Assigns: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect any Claim of the said Sir Thomas Joseph De Trafford, his Heirs or Assigns, to any Compensation to which, under the Provisions of this Act, he or they may be entitled in respect of such Right (if any) so vested in or claimed by him, save in so far as the Value of the Patronage hereby reserved may be considered in ascertaining the Amount of such Compensation.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, with the Consent of the said Bishop of Manchester and of the Patron or Patrons of any Rectory or Parish within the present Limits of the said Parish

of

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41, 377

of Manchester, or constituted under the Powers of this Act, to tronage to Per-a&ign the Patronage of any such Rectory or Parish to any sons who m*y Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, foment "* not being more than Five in Number, in consideration of such Endowment or Augmentation as shall in the Judgment of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners and of the said Bishop make or complete a proper and adequate Endowment for the Cure of Souls therein.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Com- Power to Commissioners may and they are hereby empowered, at any Time to

or Times and from Time to Time, to sell and dispose of every Hous^hewTn or any House of Residence now or hereafter belonging to or trust, and apply held in trust for the said Dean and Canons, or any or either of p.urc.hase Mom them, or the Incumbent or Minister of any Church or Chapel

within the present Limits of the said Parish of Manchester, deaces, &c. with the Land and Appurtenances thereto belonging or therewith held, or any Part thereof, in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Regulations as by the said Commissioners shall be deemed proper, but with the Consent of the Dean,

Canon, Minister, or Incumbent who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be beneficially entitled as such, in possession or expectancy, to such Premises, and with the Consent of any future Dean, Canon, Minister, or Incumbent entitled to such Premises, provided he shall be bona fide using the same for his Residence, and otherwise without such Consent; and the Monies arising from every such Sale, as well as the Monies which may have arisen from the Sale of any House of Residence already effected, or the Funds or Securities in or upon which the same may be now invested, shall be paid or transferred to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Commissioners, and his Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons paying or transferring the same from all and every Responsibility respecting the same or the Application thereof; and such Monies, after the Payment thereout of the Costs and Expenses of and attending such Sales or Transfers respectively, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards procuring a fit House or Residence for the Dean, Canon, Minister, or Incumbent, who, in case such Sale had not taken place, would have been entitled to the Premises so sold, or otherwise for the Increase of the Income of such Dean, Canon, Minister, or Incumbent, or for both such Purposes, as to the said Commissioners shall seem best.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said House* of Besi. Commissioners to provide a suitable House of Residence for the ^ed for^he^ said Dean and the said Canons respectively, and for the Incum- e bent of the Church of any and every other of the Parishes to Canons and

be constituted as aforesaid, in lieu of the House of Residence Incumbents* belonging to such Deanery, Canonry, or Parish respectively (if any) which shall be considered unfit or inconvenient for Residence, or which shall not be within the Limits of such newly-constituted Parish, together with Offices, Outbuildings, and

Land,

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

Land, not exceeding in the whole Five Acres, such Houses respectively to be situate within the Limits of the Districts so respectively to be set out and declared or set out and constituted as such Parish, and as near as Circumstances will admit to the Church belonging thereto, and for the said last-mentioned Purpose to exchange any Land or Buildings belonging to such Church, and to receive and give Discharges for or to pay any Sum of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, and to apply any Part of the Proceeds arising by such Sale or Exchange for, in, or towards the Purchase or Erection of any such House of Residence, Offices, Outbuildings, and Land; and every such House of Residence, with the Offices, Outbuildings, and Land (if any) belonging thereto, which shall be so taken in exchange or purchased as aforesaid, shall be conveyed and assured unto the said Dean, Canon, or Incumbent respectively, as the Case may be, and his Successors for ever.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Canon who shall be Rector of any Rectory or Parish within the Limits aforesaid, and shall reside within such his Rectory or Parish during such Time as is by Law required in respect of such Rectory, and who shall also reside within his said Rectory or Parish during the Time by Law required in respect of his Canonry, and who shall duly perform during such Time all the Services required to be performed by him at the said Cathedral, shall be deemed and taken to have had a sufficient Residence in respect of his said Canonry.

Application of

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical heTpaid*to*the Commissioners shall apply the Monies and Revenues to be paid Commissioners' to them as aforesaid by the said Chapter of the said Cathe-by the Dean dral or Collegiate Church in manner following; that is to say, *n Chapter' firstly, in making such Compensation as to the said Com-Compensation missioners shall seem reasonable, either by way of yearly Pay-to Person* ment or otherwise, to such Person or Persons, if any, as shall l^ghto, &c! Judgment of the said Commissioners be entitled to any

vested Right which shall be injured by the Operation of this Act, the said Commissioners being hereby authorized, in case they shall think fit, to make Compensation to the said Chaplains, Minor Canons, and Clerks of the said Cathedral or Parish Church, on the Terms herein-before mentioned, for the Fees payable to them in respect of Marriages, or for any One or more Description of Fees separately from and without interfering with any other Description of Fees that may be payable Payments to to the said Chaplains or Minor Canons and Clerks; secondly, in Incumbents. ^he payraent of such yearly or other Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit to each and every or any One or more of the Rectors, Incumbents, or Ministers of the Rectories, Parishes, or Districts now existing or hereafter to be constituted within the said Parish of Manchester, save to the Dean of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in addition to the other Endowments and Surplice and other Fees belonging to such Rectors, Incumbents, or Ministers respectively:

Provided

Incumbent to reside within his Rectory or Parish.

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41. 379

Provided always, that no Rector, Incumbent, or Minister shall in any One Year be paid by the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act, more than will be sufficient, with other Endowments of his Rectory, Parish, or District, to make up his Income to One hundred and fifty Pounds for that Year, exclusive of Surplice] Fees and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Pew Rents (if any), until all such Rectors, Incumbents, and Ministers shall be in the Receipt of the yearly Income of One hundred and fifty Pounds from the Endowments of their respective* Rectories,

Parishes, or Districts, and the Payments made by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, under the Provisions aforesaid, or from one of those Sources, exclusive of such Fees, Dues, and Pew Rents; and that so soon as each and every of such Rectors,

Incumbents, and Ministers shall be in the Receipt of such yearly Income of One hundred and fifty Pounds, the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall proceed in like Manner to increase such Incomes until each and every of such Rectors, Incumbents, and Ministers shall be in the Receipt of the yearly Income of Two hundred and fifty Pounds: Provided also, that, except in the Case of Churches or Chapels in the Gift of the Crown and Bishop of the Diocese, either jointly, separately, or alternately, or of the Dean and Chapter of Manchester, and also except in the Case of Churches and Chapels already or hereafter to be endowed to the Extent of One thousand Pounds or upwards under the Provisions of any existing or future Act or Acts of Parliament, no such Increase shall be made to the Income of any Rectory or Incumbency, unless such Endowment or Aug- # mentation as to the said Commissioners shall seem expedient shall have been first permanently secured to such Rectory or Incumbency from other Sources.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Com- Commissioner* missioners, after answering all the Purposes aforesaid, shall set fo "icie aside and accumulate the Surplus of the Monies and Revenues for^*pmna^ so received by them, or a competent Part or Parts thereof, for nent Endow-the Purpose of raising a Fund for the permanent and inde- ment of Incum-pendent Endowment of each and every of the said Rectors, heni%m Incumbents, and Ministers, and shall and may, from Time to Time, when and as sufficient Funds shall have been so accumulated, lay out and invest the same, or a competent Part or Parts thereof, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or in the Public Stocks and Funds of Great Britain, and cause the same to be effectually settled and secured for the permanent and separate Endowment of the said several Rectories, Parishes, and Districts, in such Order as the said Commissioners shall think fit: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and may, if they shall think fit, but nevertheless always with the Consent of the said Dean and Canons, to be signified as aforesaid under their Common Seal, appropriate, for the Purpose of such permanent and separate Endowments respectively, by any Scheme to be so ratified as aforesaid, any Part or Parts of the Tithes, Tithe Rent-charge, Glebe or other Lands,

Tenements,

880 Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

Tenements, Hereditaments, Stocks, Funds, Monies, or Securities now vested in or held in trust for the said Dean and Canons in right of the said Rectory of Manchester: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to give to or vest in the Rector of any separate Parish constituted under the Authority of this Act any Right or Title whatsoever, by reason or in right of such Rectory, to any Portion of the Tithes, Tithe Rent-charge, Glebe or other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments now vested in or held in trust for the said Dean and Canons in right of their Rectory or otherwise, unless and until any such Appropriation as aforesaid shall have taken place, and then so far only as such Appropriation shall extend.

Proton for

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Pews and Seats in the Rents, and said several Churches or Chapels, exclusive of the said Cathe-\iding free dral or Parish Church of Manchester, which are now legally

S"*- liable to be let for Rent, may continue (subject as herein-after

mentioned) to be so let, and the Rents and Income arising therefrom shall be applicable and be applied for the Purposes to which the same may how be applied; but that no Pews or Seats other than such as are now liable to be so let, shall hereafter be let; and that the Seats and Pews in the said several Churches and Chapels which have not been heretofore appropriated shall henceforth .continue and be free and unappropriated, and shall be occupied in such Manner as the Churchwardens, subject to the Control of the Bishop of the Diocese, shall from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that when and as any Income, Endowment, or Benefit shall under the Provisions of this Act be given to any Rector, Incumbent, or Minister of any Church or Chapel, exclusive as aforesaid, then, in case there shall at such Time be any Seats or Pews in such Church or Chapel let or legally liable to be let for Rent, Her Majesty's Commissioners for building new Churches, if they shaft think fit, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, if he shall think fit, shall order such Number as they shall deem proper of the Seats or Pews so let or liable to be let for Rent to be declared free, from and after such Time and subject to such Conditions, if any, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and such Order shall specify the Seats or Pews so declared free, and shall be registered in the Registry of the Bishop of the Diocese, and such Seats or Pews shall from and immediately after the Ratification of such Order be and continue for ever free, and a Plan of the Seats so declared free shall be forthwith placed in the Vestry of such Church or ChapeL As to Pew XXVI. 'And whereas the Chaplains or Minor Canons of Rents in Gal- the said Cathedral or Parish Church have for many Years draTchurehf6* received, and applied for their own Use as of Right, the Rents

of certain Pews or Seats in the Galleries of the said Cathedral or Parish Church, and also certain Chief or other Rents 1 in the Nature of Chief or Quit Rents in respect of other Pews

in the said Cathedral or Parish Church Be it enacted, That

<* no

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41. 381

ho Chaplain or Minor Canon to be hereafter appointed shall receive any Sum of Money in respect of the said Pew Rents or Chief or other Rents respectively; but after the Vacation of the Office of the present Chaplains or Minor Canons, or either of them, by Death, Removal, or otherwise, the Share of such Pew or Chief or other Rents which would have accrued to the Chaplain or Minor Canon so vacating his Office shall thenceforth be paid to the Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish of Manchester, and shall be invested by such Churchwardens in the Public Funds, and the same, and the Accumulations thereof (which shall be invested in like Manner), shall be deemed to be and shall be applied as a Fund for the Maintenance and Repair of so much of the Fabric of the said Cathedral or Parish Church as the Parishioners may be legally liable to repair, and for no other Purpose i Provided always, that the said Churchwardens shall annually return to the Bishop of the Diocese, at such Time and in such Form as he may direct, an Account of all Sums which they may from Time to Time receive in respect of the said Rents, and of the Mode of Expenditure thereof, and such Account so rendered shall be deposited by the said Bishop in the Registry of the said Diocese of Manchester: Provided also, that if any Appointment of a Chaplain or Minor Canon in the and Cathedral or Collegiate Church shall take place before sufficient Funds shall accrue from the annual Revenues of the Chapter to pay the Income of such Chaplain or Minor Canon, according to the Provisions of this Act, after first satisfying the Claims of the now existing Members of the Chapter, and after defraying all other Charges and Expenses which properly devolve upon the said Chapter, under the Authority of this Act or otherwise, the Chaplain or Minor Canon so appointed shall continue to receive the said Chief and other Rents in respect of the Pews in the Galleries of the said Cathedral or Parish Church as aforesaid, or such Portion of such Rents as together with the other Emoluments of his Office shall give him the aforesaid annual Income of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent or interfere with the Removal, when done with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being, of any Gallery now being in the said Collegiate or Cathedral Church.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Bishop of Man- The Bishop to Chester and his Successors shall henceforth be Visitors of the he Visitor of said College, in the Place and Stead of the Bishop of Chester ^e ^, and for the Time being, and that the said Bishop of Manchester and powers, &c. his Successors shall and may exercise all such Power and under Letters Authority, as Visitor or otherwise, as under or by virtue of the ^'enJt of said Letters Patent of King Charles the First or otherwise were

given to or vested in the said Bishop of Chester.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That a competent Part or For fencing the Parts of the said Sum of Twelve thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence may be applied of Waiker'a

by

Croft, and providing a Chapel and Buildings, &c.

Provisions of certain General Acts made applicable to this Act.

Benefactions may be received towards Purposes of this Act.

Cap. 41. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

by the said Dean and Canons and the Churchwardens of the Parish of Manchester in or towards the fencing, levelling, draining, and otherwise improving any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds which shall be purchased or procured under the Powers of the said recited Acts relating to the said Manchester and Leeds Railway and the said Act for the Improvement of the Town of Manchester, or any or either of them, or otherwise, and also in erecting thereon a fit and proper Chapel or fit and proper Chapels for the Performance of Divine Service, and a fit and proper Residence or Residences for a Sexton, Watchman, or other Person or Persons for the Protection thereof respectively, or for the Discharge of Duties connected therewith, and in providing for such Chapel or Chapels and Residences respectively proper Furniture and Fittings.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, and Provisions contained in any Act enabling the Bodies Politic and Persons therein mentioned to give, grant, and convey, and the said Commissioners for building new Churches to accept, purchase, and take. Land for the Sites of Churches, and for settling the Amount or Value of the Satisfaction to be made for any Land taken by the said Commissioners, and relating to the Title, Form, and Mode of Conveyance of any Land so given or purchased or taken, and to Recovery in Ejectments, and to the Payment and Application of the Value or Purchase Money for any such Land so purchased or taken, shall extend to and may be used and applied by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners and Her Majesty Commissioners for building new Churches, as respectively provided by the said respective Acts, for obtaining any Land, Buildings, Dwelling Houses, Offices, Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances for or as Houses of Residence or Sites of Houses of Residence necessary to be provided under this Act, and also any Land, Buildings, Dwelling Houses, Offices, Gardens, Yards, and Appurtenances for Sites for Churches or for Burial Grounds in the Districts or Parishes which may be formed and constituted under this Act

XXX. And towards the Purpose of providing the necessary Funds for defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incidental to the applying for and obtaining this Act, and for carrying the same into effect, be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for enabling any Person or Persons or Body Corporate to give and grant to and vest in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and for the said Commissioners to purchase, receive, take, hold, and enjoy, any Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall extend and be applied to all and every the Purposes in this Act contained or referred to; and the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to proceed in the Execution of any of the Powers or Provisions of this Act until the Funds necessary for carrying the same respectively into effect shall have

383

1850. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850. Cap. 41.

hare been paid into their Hands, or into the Hands of their Treasurer.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Purchase, Grant, Re- Assurance! to lease, Conveyance, or other Assurance of any Land, Buildings, valid not-Hereditaments, Rent-charge, Pews, or Seats, authorized or statute* ofg directed to be made or executed by or under the Provisions of Mortmain, &c. this Act, shall be good and valid without any Licence or Writ

of Ad quod damnum, the Statutes of Mortmain or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Laws, Customs, and Notice! of Ci-Usages for or relating to the Publication or affixing of any

Citation or Monition, Notice or other Proceeding, in, on, to, pu 1 or near any Parish Church, shall extend and apply to the Churches becoming Parish Churches under the Provisions of this Act; and that if the Subject Matter of such Citation, Monition, Notice, or other Proceeding shall extend to or affect more than One of such Parishes, the same shall be published or affixed in, on, to, or near the Churches of all the Parishes to which the same shall extend or relate.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provi- Tabfcof Fee* sions herein contained, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of So.

the Diocese for the Time being, and he is hereby directed, at no °"

such Time and in such Manner as he may see fit, to establish double Feet to and fix a Table of the Fees to be taken in the Parishes or *ukeiU Districts to be constituted under the Provisions hereof, for the Publication of Banns, and the Solemnization and Performance of Marriages, Churchings, and Burials respectively, in addition to the Fees herein-before directed to be taken in such Parishes or Districts, and from Time to Time to vary the same as he shall see fit: Provided always, that so soon as such Fees so herein-before directed to be taken shall be no longer payable.

One Set of Fees only shall be payable in any Case or on any Occasion, not exceeding in Amount the Fees payable in respect of such Rites and Services as aforesaid at the Parish Church of Manchester; and it shall not be lawful for the Rector or Minister of any such Parish or District thereafter to demand any other or larger Fee for such Duties and Offices respectively.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing No Fee* to be of this Act it shall not be lawful, within the now-existing Parish ^»"ded for of Manchester, for any Minister to demand any Fee for the ptwms' Ministration of Baptism, or for the Registration thereof, upon any Sunday or other Holyday.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Dean and Canons Accounts to be and their Successors shall yearly and every Year render to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners an Account annually at Easter commissioners. of the Receipts and Disbursements in respect of the said Tithes,

Lands, Hereditaments, and Estates vested in the said Dean and Canons, for the Year ending at the Christmas next preceding, stating therein all the Particulars and Items of such Receipts and Disbursements, in such Form and to be so verified as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall direct; and that it shall B b be

Power to Agents, &c. to inspect Documents, &c.

Nothing herein contained to disappropriate Rectory of Manchester.

Not to reliere the Members of the Chapter from Liabilities, &o. c. otherwise than as expressly provided.

Short Title of Act.

Public Act, &c.

Cap. 41, 42. The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850.

be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners from Time to Time or at any Time or Times to appoint any Agent or Agents, Accountant or Accountants, to inspect all rapers. Writings, and Documents relating to such Tithes, Lands, Hereditaments, Estates, and Accounts, and to take Copies of or Extracts from the same or any of them; and that One Copy of such annual Account shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners to the Bishop of the Diocese, and the said Commissioners shall cause an Abstract of the same to be deposited in the Registry of the said Diocese of Manchester for the Time being.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to the Disappropriation of the Rectory of Manchester, but that the Appropriation shall continue as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed, nor shall the Cure of Souls in any Parish constituted under the Authority of this Act be assigned to the present Dean of Manchester, without his previous Consent in Writing.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall relieve, otherwise than as herein expressly provided, the said Dean and Chapter, or any Person now being or hereafter to be a Member of the Chapter of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church, from any Liabilities, or from any Duties, Residence, or Services, now due or which ought to be fulfilled, kept, or performed by them or him respectively, but that all such Liabilities, Duties, Residence, and Services shall be fulfilled, kept, and performed by the said Dean and Canons, and by every such Person respectively, in like Manner as though this Act had not been passed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, Pleadings, and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850."

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, and may be amended or repealed during the present Session of Parliament

CAP. XLII.

An Act to confirm the Incorporation of certain Boroughs, and to provide for the Payment of the Expenses of the Incorporation of new Boroughs.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS Charters of Incorporation have been lately f granted to the Boroughs of Halifax, Oldham, and Tyne-f mouth, to extend over certain Districts mentioned in such: Charters respectively, and Doubts have arisen respecting the: Validity of the said Charters: And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:' Be it therefore declared

and

385

1850. Incorporation of Boroughs Confirmation. Cap. 42, 43.

and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Charters of Certain Char-Incorporation, and all Elections, Acts, or Proceedings done or ratLn^nTthT" had in pursuance thereof, or by virtue of the same, before the proceedings passing of this Act, shall be deemed good and lawful from the thereunder con-Time of such several Grants, Elections, Acts, and Proceedings firmed* respectively, and that the Costs and Expenses of such Charters,

Elections, Acts, and Proceedings respectively shall and may be paid out of any Borough Bate or Borough Bates levied or to be levied within the said several. Boroughs; and all Payments which have been made out of any Borough Bate or Borough Bates for the said Borough respectively in respect of such Costs and Expenses shall be deemed to have been good Payments.

II. And be it enacted, That the Districts set forth in the said several Charters as those intended to be comprised in such Char- deemed the Extra respectively shall be deemed and taken to be the Extent of tent of Muni-wch Municipal Boroughs respectively. ^p*1 Boroughs *

III. And be it enacted, That when any Charter of In corpora- in case of future tion shall hereafter be granted by Her Majesty to any Town or costsaud^x-Barough in England or Wales, in pursuance of the Provisions pen* may be of an Act made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in Paid out °£the the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King the

Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or of any Act or Acts which have been or may be passed to amend the same, it shall be lawful for the Council of such Town or Borough to pay the Costs and Expenses of and in relation to such Charter of Incorporation, and of and in relation to all Elections, Acts, and Proceedings under the same, out of any Borough Bate or Borough Bates to be made for such Town or Borough.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine

" of Lancaster is an ancient Court, and has been found

greatly beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said County Pala-c tine; and it is expedient, in order to extend the Advantages 6 of the said Court, that certain Alterations and Improvements should be effected in the Jurisdiction, Practice, and Proceed-

fogs thereof: And whereas the Queen's most Excellent Majesty i has been graciously pleased to sanction such Alterations and ' Improvements, notwithstanding that the same may affect Her c Prerogatives and Bights as Duchess of Lancaster, or may ' create a Charge upon the Revenues of the said Duchy Be it

Power to the Chancellor, with the Advice and Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and One of the Vice (liancellors of the High Court of Chancery, to make Alterations in Forms and Mode of Proceedings.

Power to adopt and modify any Rules and

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, for the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being, with the Advice and Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine for the Time being, and of One of the Vice Chancellors of the High Court of Chancery, to be named for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hand of the Lord High Chancellor or other Officer having the Custody of the Great Seal, or (if more than One) of the Chief Commissioner or Officer having such Custody, by any Buies or Orders to be by him from Time to Time made with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, to make such Alterations as may seem to him expedient in the Form of Writs and Commissions, and the Mode of sealing, issuing, executing, and returning the same, and also in the Form of and Mode of filing Bills, Answers, Depositions, Affidavits, and other Proceedings, and in the Form or Mode of obtaining Discovery, by Answer in Writing or otherwise, and in the Form or Mode of pleading and of taking Evidence, and generally of proceeding to obtain Relief in the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine, and in the general Practice of the Court, and also in the Form and Mode of proceeding before the Registrar of the said Court, and of drawing up and entering and enrolling Orders and Decrees, and of making and delivering Copies of Pleadings and other Proceedings, and also to regulate the Taxation, Allowance, and Payment of Costs, and all other the Business of the said Court; and all such Rules and Orders shall be binding from such Time as the said Chancellor, with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, shall thereby direct, and shall have the same Force and Authority as if the same had been enacted by the Authority of Parliament: Provided always, that all such Rules and Regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Five Days from the issuing thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if not, then within Five Days from the next Meeting of Parliament: Provided also, that if either House of Parliament shall, by any Resolution passed before such House shall have sat Thirty-six Days from and after the said Orders and Regulations shall have been laid before it, resolve that the same or any Part thereof ought not to continue in force, then and in any such Case the Orders and Regulations affected by such Resolution shall cease to be binding on the said Court; and no Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be of any Effect unless expressed to be made in pursuance of the Power given by this Act, nor shall the same continue in effect after the Expiration of the Time herein provided for laying the same before Parliament, unless they be laid before Parliament accordingly.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever, by or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, passed or to be

passed,

1850. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

passed, or by any General Order of the High Court of Chancery, any Boles, Orders, or Regulations already have been or hereafter shall be made for the Purpose of framing, regulating, or amending the Proceedings, Practice, or Pleadings of the said High Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, with the Consent and Advice of the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, and of such Vice Chancellor of the High Court of Chancery as aforesaid, by Rules or Orders to be made in that Behalf, to adopt all or any of such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, or any Part or Parts thereof, with such Variations therein or Additions thereto as may be necessary or proper for adapting the same to the Business and Mode of proceeding of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine; and such last-mentioned Rules and Orders, if expressed to be made in pursuance of the Authority of this Act, shall be valid and binding from the making and issuing thereof, or such other Time as shall be therein mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to take away or abridge the Power heretofore possessed by the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster and the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, or either of them, of settling, altering, and amending the Practice and Course of proceeding in the said Court of the County Palatine, but such Power snail, notwithstanding anything herein contained, continue and have the same Force and Effect as if this Act had not been passed, save and except so far as the Exercise of such Power may in any respect be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Provisions herein con-tamed, and save also that neither the said Chancellor nor Vice Chancellor alone shall alter or vary any Order made by the aid Chancellor, with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine for the Time, shall have full Power and Authority, by any General Orders to be from Time to Time made after this Act shall take effect, to make such Regulations as to the Fees to be paid by Suitors, or to be charged by or allowed to all or any of the Officers of the said County Palatine, and by or to the Solicitors thereof, as to him may seem expedient, and to alter the same, with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, when and as he may think fit.

V. And be it enacted, That a Table of all Fees for the Time being authorized by the said Chancellor and Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine to be taken by any Officer of the said County Palatine Court, or by any Solicitor practising in the said Court, for Business done therein, shall be hung up in some conspicuous Place in the Office of the Registrar of the said Court; and that if any Officer of the Court shall, for anything done or pretended to be done relating to his Office or Employ-

387

Orders made or to be made by the High Court of Chancery.

Not to abridge Power of the Chancellor and Vice Chancellor to alter the Practice of the Court, except so far as may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

Power to the Chancellor of the Duchy to regulate Fees.

A List of Fec« authorized to be taken to be hung up in Registrar's Office;

and Officers of the Court taking Fees not authorized to

be deemed guilty of a Contempt of Court.

Registrars to hear and determine certain interlocutory Matters.

Subject to Appeal to the Vice Chancellor.

Costs on interlocutory Matters.

Power to Registrar to assign Guardians to infant Defendants or Persons of unsound Mind.

Special Cases may be submitted to the Court for its Opinion.

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

meat, or under colour of doing anything relating to his Office or Employment, wilfully demand or receive, or allow any Person to receive for him or on his Account, any Fee, Gratuity, or Emolument, or anything of Value, other than what shall be allowed to be taken by him as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of Court, and shall be punishable, according to the Discretion of the said Court, as for a Contempt.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of the said County Palatine Court shall hear and determine all Applications for Time to plead, answer, or demur, and for Leave to amend Bills, and for enlarging Publication, and all such other Matters relating to the Conduct of Suits and Proceedings in the said Court as the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, with the Advice and Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, shall by any General Orders from Time to Time direct, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as by such General Orders shall be directed.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for either Party to appeal, by Motion, from the Order made by the Registrar on such Applications as aforesaid, to the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, and that the Order made on such Appeal shall be final and conclusive, and that no such Application directed to be heard and determined by the Registrar as aforesaid shall in future be heard by the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine aforesaid, nor shall any such Application be heard by the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, except on Appeal as herein-before provided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Registrar, on all Applications made to him by virtue of this Act, to direct that the Costs of all or any of the Parties shall be Costs in the Cause or Matter, or to award such liquidated Sum by way of Costs to any of the Parties as he shall think reasonable, and the Costs so to be awarded shall be recoverable in like Manner as Costs directed to be paid by an Order of the said County Palatine Court.

IX. And be it enacted, That in every Case where an Infant or Person of unsound Mind, not found to be a Lunatic by any Inquisition, shall be named as Defendant in any Suit in the said County Palatine Court, it shall be lawful for the Registrar of the said Court to assign a Guardian to such Defendant, for the Purpose of putting in the Answer and defending such Suit, and to make and sign his Certificate thereof.

X. And be it enacted, That if any Persons shall be desirous of obtaining the Opinion of the Court on the Construction of a Deed, Will, or other Instrument, or on any other Matter in dispute over which the Court may have Jurisdiction, by virtue of this Act or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Persons to present a Petition to the Court, stating the Facts of the Case, the Draft of which shall be signed by Counsel, and the Name of such Counsel shall appear on the Petition, as signing the same

1850. Court of Chancery (<County Palatine of Lancaster).

stme on behalf of the Parties thereto, and the Court on heating such Petition may make such Declaration of Bights in respect of the Subject Matter thereof as to the Court shall seem proper, and such Declaration shall be binding on all Persons in the same Manner and to the same Extent, and subject to Appeal in the same Manner, as a Decree made on the Hearing of a Cause in which any One or more of the Parties to the Petition could be Plaintiffs and the other Parties or Party Defendants, and in which the Facts stated in the Petition had been proved: Pro-tided always, that in case any Infant, Lunatic, or Person of unsound Mind, or any married Woman in respect of her Beal Estate, or of any reversionary Interest in Personal Estate, shall be interested in the Matter of such Petition, he or she shall not be made a Party thereto unless and until the Case to be stated in such Petition shall have been submitted to the Registrar, and shall be certified by him to be correctly stated as to the Facts, and to be a proper Case to be submitted to the Court on the Behalf of the Party under such Disability as aforesaid; and the Registrar, before granting such Certificate, shall require such Facts to be verified by Affidavit, and shall also require the Assent to such Case of the Husband of any married Woman, and of* the Committee of any Lunatic, and of the Guardian ad litem of any Infant or Person of unsound Mind, which Guardian may be appointed in the same Manner as in the Case of a Party Defendant to a Suit

XI. And be it enacted, That when under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made and passed or which may hereafter be made and passed, or by any Orders or Regulations made in pursuance thereof. Application is authorized or allowed to be made by Petition or Motion or otherwise to the High Court of Chancery or any Judge of the said Court, and summary Jurisdiction to be exercised thereon, (unless in any Act of Parliament to be hereafter passed the contrary be expressly enacted,) it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine, so far only as regards all Persons and Property within its Jurisdiction, to exercise the like summary Jurisdiction, and in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions, in all respects as the said High Court of Chancery or any Judge thereof might exercise in the like Matters.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Monies payable in respect of Lands situate within the said County Palatine, and which are authorized to be paid into or deposited in the Bank of England to the Account of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, under and by virtue of the " Lands Classes Consolidation Act, 1845," or any Local or Special Act passed or to be passed incorporating the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, or otherwise authorizing the taking or using of Lands situate in the said County Palatine, and also that all Monies or Securities held by any Party who might be sued in the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine in respect thereof, and which under and by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years

889

Court may exercise summary Jurisdiction, so far as regards Persons, &c. within the same, as exercised by High Court of Chancery.

Money paid into Court under 88c 9 Vict c. 18. for Lands within the County Palatine, and under 10 & 11 Vict c. 96., may be paid into the Bank of England, to the joint Account of the Clerk and Registrar.

Potrer to the Vice Chancellor, when out of the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Court, to hear and determine Pleas, Demurrers, and other interlocutory Matters.

Orders made upon hearing valid.

Power to the Vice Chancellor, in certain Cases, to direct

Cap. 43. Court of Chancer// (County Palatine of Lancaster).

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for better securing Trust FujuIs, and for the Relief of Trustees, might be in like Manner paid or transferred into or deposited in the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Accountant General, may, from and after the passing of this Act, be in like Manner paid or transferred into or deposited in the Bank of England, to the joint Account of the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster and of the Registrar and Comptroller of the said County Palatine Court in the Matter in respect whereof such Payment, Transfer, or Deposit shall be made, and the Receipt of one of the Cashiers of the said Bank shall be a full Discharge to the Person paying or transferring or depositing the same; and such Monies and Securities, and all Costs of Application in respect thereof, shall be dealt with by the said Court of Chancery of the County Palatine in the same Manner as the same might be dealt with by the High Court of Chancery or by the Lord High Chancellor, or any of the Judges of the said High Court, if such Monies or Securities had been paid or transferred into or deposited in the Bank of England to the Credit of the Accountant General of that Court; and the Lands in respect of which such Payment, Transfer, or Deposit shall be made may be dealt with in the same Maimer as if it had been made in manner prescribed by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act: Provided always, that no Monies shall be so paid or deposited under or by virtue of the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," or any Local or Special Act as aforesaid, in case the Party who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands in respect of which such Monies shall be payable, or his or her Guardian or Committee in case of Infancy or Lunacy, shall at any Time before such Payment or Deposit serve or cause to be served a Notice in Writing at the Office of the Company taking the Lands, requesting them not to make the Payment or Deposit.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Matters over which the said Court of the said County Palatine may have Jurisdiction it shall be lawful for the Vice Chancellor for the Time being of the said County Palatine, when out of the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to hear and determine all Pleas, Demurrers, Exceptions, Applications for Injunctions, both upon Notice and ex parte, for dissolving Injunctions for the Appointment of Receivers, for the Payment of Money into and out of Court, or for confirming Reports, and all Motions, Petitions, and other Matters for facilitating the Progress of any Suit or Business pending in the said Court which he might lawfully hear and determine within the Limits of the Jurisdiction thereof; and all Orders made by him upon the hearing of any Pleas, Demurrers, Exceptions, and Applications as aforesaid shall be as valid and binding upon the Parties as if the same had been made within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person who shall have commenced any Suit or other Proceeding, or entered an Appearance in any Suit or Proceeding, in the said

Court

1850. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

Coart of the County Palatine, or shall have come in as a Creditor, Claimant, or Purchaser, or otherwise submitted to the Jurisdiction of the said Court, cannot, by reason either of his Person or Goods being out of such Jurisdiction, be made amenable to the Process of such Court, and also in all Cases where any such Person as aforesaid shall have died, or become bankrupt or insolvent, and his Real or Personal Representatives, or the Assignees of his Estate and Effects, (as the Case may be,) or any of them, who may be necessary Parties to the Continuance of the said Suit or Proceeding, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, upon special Application being made to him, whether within or without the said County, by any Party to or Person interested in such Suit or Proceeding, founded upon an Affidavit verifying the Facts of the Case, to order and direct that Service of any Order, Notice, Subpoena, Letter Missive, or other Process shall be made and be deemed good Service upon any such Person, Real or Personal Representative, or Assignee as aforesaid, at any Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the Isle of Man, upon such Terms and in such Manner as to the said Vice Chancellor shall seem reasonable and proper, and afterwards, if it shall be necessary, upon an Affidavit of such Service had, to order an Appearance to be entered for the Person so served; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said County Palatine Court to make such Decree or Order consequent upon such Service so made as aforesaid as before the passing of this Act, or under the Provisions of this Act, might have been made in case such Service as aforesaid had been duly made within the Jurisdiction of the said Court.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever a Plaintiff or Defendant in any Suit or Proceeding in which a Decree or Order shall have been made by the said County Palatine Court shall reside or withdraw his Person or Goods out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and also whenever any Decree or Order of the same Court cannot be fully enforced by reason of the Nonresidence of any Party to be bound thereby within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, upon the Application of any Person entitled to the Benefit of such Decree or Order, and upon the Production of a Transcript of such Decree or Order, or such Part thereof respectively as cannot be enf orced for the Reasons aforesaid, under the Signature of the Registrar of the said County Palatine Court, and an Affidavit that by reason of such Nonresidence or Removal as aforesaid such Decree or Order, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, cannot be enforced, to make such Decree or Orders or so much thereof respectively as cannot be enforced for any of the Reasons aforesaid, a Decree or Order of the said High Court of Chancery, and thereupon such Decree or Order, or such Part thereof respectively as aforesaid, shiill and may be enforced against such of the Parties bound by the same as shall be within the Jurisdiction of the said High

Court

391

Process to be served upon Persons out of the Jurisdiction of the Court.

Where Decree or Order cannot be enforced by remsjn of the Party to be bound thereby not be ng within the Jurisdiction, it shall be enforced by making it an Order of the High Court of Chancery.

No Petition of Appeal to be presented but within Six Months after Date of Decree or Order appealed from.

Service of Subpoena on Wituesses out of Jurisdiction to be valid to compel Attendance;

and the Courts of Queen* Bench in England and Ireland and the Court of Justiciary in Scotland may proceed against and punish Persons making default.

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster ) *

Court of Chancery, and all Proceedings shall and may be had thereupon as if such Decree or Order had been originally made by the said High Court of Chancery, and all the reasonable Costs and Charges of and consequent upon such Application shall and may be recovered in like Manner as if the same were Part of such Decree or Order.

XVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Petition of Rehearing by way of Appeal from any Decree or Order made by the Vice Chancellor for the Time being of the said County Palatine shall be presented but within the Space of Six Calendar Months from the Time of making the same, unless the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine, upon special Application being made to him for that Purpose, and after hearing Counsel upon the Merits of the Case, shall otherwise direct: Provided nevertheless, that the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine shall, at his own Discretion, be at liberty to hear Petitions for Rehearing, and also to rehear any Matters previously decided by him in the Court of the said County Palatine; but any Order made on such Rehearing shall be deemed an original Order, with reference to the Right to appeal therefrom.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Service of every Writ of Subposna to attend and give Evidence, or Subposna duces tecum, hereafter to be issued out of the said County Palatine Court, and served upon any Person out of the Jurisdiction thereof, shall be as valid and effectual for compelling the Attendance of such Person at any Time and Place to be named in such Writ of Subpoena, to be there examined, either before the Registrar of the said Court, as well in his Capacity of Examiner as in that of Master of the said Court, or before Commissioners under any Commission to be issued by the said Court for the Examination of Witnesses, or to be examined viv& voce at the Hearing of any Matter or Suit before the said Court or before the Registrar, or for compelling the Attendance of such Person by virtue of any Writ of Subpoena duces tecum, and shall entitle the Party suing out the same to all the like Remedies, by Action and otherwise, as if the same had been served within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case the Person so served shall not attend according to the Exigency of such Writ, it shall be lawful for the said County Palatine Court, upon Affidavit of the

Ersonal Service of such Writ, to transmit a Certificate of such efault, under the Hand of the Registrar of the said Court, to the Court of Queen's Bench in England, to the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, or to the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland; and the said last-mentioned Courts respectively shall and may thereupon proceed against and punish, by Attachment or otherwise, according to the Course and Practice of the said respective Courts, the Person so having made default, in such and the like Manner as they might have done if such Person had refused or neglected to appear in obedience to a Writ of Subpoena or other Process issued to compel the Attendance of Witnesses out of such last-mentioned Courts respectively.

XVIII. PrO-

393

1850. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said last-mentioned Courts respectively shall not in any Case proceed against or punish any Person, nor shall any such Person be liable to any Action, for having made Default by not appearing in obedience to any Writ of Subpoena or Writ of Subpoena duces tecum or other Process for that Purpose issued under the Authority of this Act, unless it be made to appear to such Courts respectively that a reasonable and sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expenses of coming and attending to give Evidence, and of returning from giving such Evidence, had been tendered to such Person at the Time when such Writ of Subpoena or Writ of Subpoena duces tecum or other Process was served upon him.

XIX. And be it enacted, That , it shall be lawful for any Commissioner for taking Affidavits to be made use of in Causes, Matters, and Things depending in the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, or for any Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, to administer an Oath to or take the Affirmation (where allowed by Law) of any Person out of the Jurisdiction of the said County Palatine Court who shall be desirous of making an Affidavit to be used in any Suit or Matter pending before such last-mentioned Court; and every such Affidavit so sworn or affirmed as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual for all the Purposes for which the same shall be required as if the same had been sworn or affirmed before the proper Officer of the said County Palatine Court within the Jurisdiction of the Court; and every Person wilfully forswearing himself or making] false Affirmation in such Affidavit, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being to appoint a fit and proper Person resident within the County Palatine of Lancaster, to be and to be called "The Messenger of the Court of Chancery of the County u Palatine of Lancaster," to attend upon the said County Palatine Court, and to execute the Process thereof; and from Time to Time, upon the Death, [Resignation, or Removal of any such Person to appoint a Successor to the said Office; and that the Person so appointed as aforesaid shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the said Chancellor, and may be removed in a summary Manner, and may and shall receive such Fees for executing the Process of the said Court as the said Chancellor and the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine shall from Time to Time, by any General Order to be made in pursuance of the Provisions herein-after contained, authorize and direct

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Keeper for the Time being of Her Majesty's Gaol at Lancaster called Lancaster Castle is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody in such Gaol every Person arrested and conveyed

thither

Persons not liable to Action for not attending, unless Expenses be tendered on serving Subpoena.

Affidavits sworn before Commissioners or Masters Extraordinary by Persons out of Jurisdiction to be effectual, and Persons forswearing themselves to be guilty of Perjury.

Power to Chancellor of the Duchy to appoint a Messenger of the Court.

Keeper of Lancaster Castle to receive Persons arrested and conveyed thither by Mes-

scnger, and to produce and deal with them as Court shall direct.

After Appointment of Messenger, Duties of Messenger of Duchy to cease.

Jurisdiction of County Palatine Court over Persons of unsound Mind abolished, except as to Cases of Persons found insane before the Commencement of this Act.

Certain Provisions of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. as to Decrees and Orders in Equity to apply to County Pala-the Court

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

thither by such Messenger as aforesaid, by virtue of any Writ, Warrant, or other Process issuing out of the said County Par latine Court, and to produce and deal with such Person as the said Court shall from Time to Time direct; and every such Person as aforesaid shall be maintained and provided for in the same Manner as if he had been arrested and brought to such Gaol by virtue of any Writ, Warrant, Order, or other Process issued out of the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine, or any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster, or committed for Contempt of any of the said last-mentioned Courts; and all the Expenses of maintaining and providing for every Person so arrested or committed to the said Gaol as aforesaid shall be defrayed out of such Portion of the County Rate of the said County Palatine as for the Time being shall be applicable to the Support of the Debtors confined in the said Gaol.

XXII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Appointment of such Messenger as aforesaid all and singular the Powers, Authorities, and Duties of the Messenger for the Time being of the Duchy of Lancaster, and of any Deputy appointed by him, shall absolutely cease and determine within the Limits of the said County Palatine.

XXIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Jurisdiction of the said County Palatine Court in Cases of Lunacy should be abolished:* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all the Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction of the said County Palatine Court over the Persons and Estates of Idiots and Lunatics within the Limits of the said County Palatine shall cease and determine, except as to the Cases of those Persons who shall at the Time of the Commencement of this Act have been found to be of unsound Mind under or by virtue of any Commission issuing from the said County Palatine Court, in all which last-mentioned Cases the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Court of the County Palatine shall continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been passed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And for removing all Doubts in respect of the Effect of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of c Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases, for ' extending the Remedies of Creditors against. the Property of i Debtors, and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, whereby it was enacted, that all Decrees ' and Orders of Courts of Equity whereby any Sum of Money,

or any Costs, Charges, or Expenses, should be payable to any Person, should have the Effect of Judgments in the Superior ' Courts of Common Law, and the Persons to whom any such ' Monies, or Costs, Charges, or Expenses, should be payable were to be deemed Judgment Creditors within the Meaning ' of the said Act, and all Powers thereby given to the Judges

of

395

1850. Court of Chancery {County Palatine of Lancaster).

of the Superior Courts of Common Law with respect to Mat *

tera depending in the same Courts should and might be exercised by Courts of Equity with respect to Matters therein ' depending, and all Remedies thereby given to Judgment Creditors were in like Manner given to Persons to whom any

Monies, or Costs, Charges, or Expenses, were by such Orders c or Rules respectively directed to be paid, and also as to the ' Effect of the several Acts passed in the Sessions of Parlia- raent held in the Second and Third Years and in the Third ' and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty amending the said recited Act, ' be it declared and enacted, That all the Remedies, Authorities, and Provisions of the recited Act, so amended as aforesaid, and of the said Acts amending the same, applicable to Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, and the Judgments and Proceedings therein, do extend and are applicable to the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster within the Limits of the Jurisdiction thereof, and shall have the same Effect in all respects as the Judgments of any of Her Majesty's said Superior Courts at Westminster under and by virtue of the said recited Act, amended as aforesaid; and all Powers and Authorities thereby given to the Judges or any Judge of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, with respect to Matters depending in the same Courts, shall and may be exercised by the Chancellor of the said Duchy or Vice Chancellor of the said Court of the County Palatine with respect to Matters therein depending and within the Jurisdiction thereof: Provided always, that no De- No Decree or cree or Order of the said last-mentioned Court shall by virtue Order of Court of the said recited Act or this Act affect any Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, as to Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors, until the Par-unless and until a Memorandum or Minute, containing the ticulam shall Name, and the usual or the last known Place of Abode, and JiwVrc? the Title, Trade, or Profession, of the Person whose Estate is thonotarv, and intended to be affected thereby, and the Name of the Court, cntenii in a and the Title of the Cause or Matter in which such Decree Kook* or Order shall have been made, and the Date of such Decree or Order, and the Amount of the Sum of Money, Costs, Charges, or Expenses thereby made payable, shall be left with the Prothonotary or Deputy Prothonotary of Her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, or some other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Court, who shall forthwith enter the same Particulars in a Book in alphabetical Order, by die Name of the Person whose Estate is to be affected thereby; and such Officer shall be entitled for every such Entry to the Fees payable Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and all Persons shall be for 8Uch Entrr* at liberty to search the same Book, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power for Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster (if Chancellor of he shall think fit), by an Order under his Hand, to direct that K^omc*of all Attornies and Solicitors of any of the Superior Courts of clerk in Court,

Law 8Qd admit all

Attornies and Solicitors to practise in the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine.

Power to grant Compensation to Clerks in Court for Losses occasioned by Abolition of Office.

Admission Pec to be paid by Solicitors desirous of practising in Court of Chancery of the County Palatine.

Application of Pees.

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

Law or Equity at Westminster, and all Attornies of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, on being registered as by this Act provided, may appear and prosecute or defend any Suit or Proceedings in the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine, and that the Office and Privileges of the Clerks in Court of the said Court shall cease and determine accordingly; and thereupon the said Chancellor, with the Advice and Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine, shall and he is hereby empowered to make all such Orders as may be necessary or proper in respect of or consequent on the Abolition of the said Office.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine shall make such Order as aforesaid for the Determination of the Office of Clerks in Court, it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and he is hereby required, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after the Date of such Order, to receive any Claims which may be made for Compensation by any Person holding that Office at the Time of such Order, in respect of Loss occasioned by the Abolition of the Office, and to award and determine the Amount, if any, of Compensation proper to be allowed to such Claimant, either in a gross Sum or by way of Annuity for Life, having regard to the Loss sustained, and the Conditions on which any such Clerk in Court may have been appointed to his Office, and to any Notice which may have been given to him that the same was to be held subject to the Abolition or Regulation thereof; and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Chancellor shall have full Power to examine the said Clerks in Court or any other Persons upon Oath, and to compel the Attendance of all such Persons, and the Production of all necessary Books, Papers, and Accounts and Documents; and the said Chancellor shall, after such Inquiry, certify under his Hand the Amount of Compensation proper to be paid to every such Clerk in Court as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case of the Abolition of the said Clerks in Court, every Attorney or Solicitor desirous of practising in the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine shall enter or cause to be entered his Name and Address with the Registrar of the said Court; and that, until all Compensation to be awarded to the Clerks in Court or any of them shall have been paid and satisfied, such Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine shall, by any General Order to be inserted in the Table of Fees, from Time to Time direct, shall be paid by or on behalf of every such Attorney or Solicitor to the Registrar, before his Name shall be entered with the said Registrar; and the Monies so paid shall be paid by the Registrar into Court to an Account to be entitled the " Fee Fund Account;" and further* that until all Monies awarded as Compensation to the said Clerks in Court or any of them shall have been paid and satisfied, it shall be lawful for the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine

L.

1850. Court of Chancery {County Palatine of Lancaster).

tine of Lancaster to direct that the Fees, or such Portions as he shall think proper of any of the Fees to be allowed by such Table of Fees as in this Act is directed to be kept, shall be paid to the Registrar, to be by him paid into Court to the Account of the said Fee Fund.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Compensation to be awarded to the said Clerks in Court or any of them shall be paid from Time to Time out of the Fee Fund; and if the same be insufficient, then out of the general Revenues of the said Duchy, as the said Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine shall by Warrant or Order under his Hand from Time to Time direct; but in case of their being paid out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, the same shall be repaid to the Receiver General of the said Duchy out of the Fee Fund, as the said Chancellor shall from Time to Time by Order under his Hand direct; and the Payments directed to be made to the and Fee Fund shall continue until such Repayment, and all other Repayments directed to be made by this Act out of the same, shall have been made.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time being shall at any Time think fit to direct, by Warrant under his Hand, that a fixed Salary shall be paid to the Registrar of the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine, in lieu of Fees, then and thenceforth there shall be paid and payable out of the and Fee Fund, or if the same be not sufficient for that Purpose, then by the Receiver General for the Time being of tho Duchy of Lancaster, out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, as and for the Salary to the Registrar for the Time being of the said Court of the County Palatine, such annual Sum as the Chancellor for the Time being of the said Duchy and County Palatine shall from Time to Time, by Warrant under his Hand, authorize and direct; and such Salary shall grow due from Day to Day, but shall be payable on such Days as the and Chancellor shall by such Warrant as aforesaid direct, and shall be paid to the Person entitled thereto, or his Executors or Administrators, free from all Deductions out of the same, except the Tax on Income; and all Payments made out of the Revenues of the said Duchy shall be repaid out of the said Fee Fund.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in the event of such fixed Salary being awarded, the said Registrar for the Time being shall once in every Year, or oftener, if required by the Chancellor of the said Duchy, on such Day as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Vice Chancellor of the said County Palatine, make out a full and true Account of all Fees received by him by virtue of his Appointment during the preceding Year, or subsequent to his last Account, and shall have such Account audited by the Vice Chancellor, who is hereby required to audit the same, and if found correct to allow the

by putting his Signature thereto and to a Duplicate Copy

thereof;

397

Payment of Compensation out of Fee Fund, or, in case of Deficiency, out of Revenues of the Duchy, to be repaid out of Fee Fund.

Power to the Chancellor of the Duchy to direct that the Registrar be paid by Salary.

Registrar to make out nn Account of all Fees received by him, and have the same audited by the Vice Chancellor.

Duplicate of Account to be transmitted to Auditor of Duchy.

Registrar to pay Fees to Account of Duchy Fee Fund and to give Security to account for all Fees and Suitors Money received by him.

Power for

Chancellor to appoint District or Deputy Registrars.

Cap. 43. Court of Chancery (County Palatine of Lancaster).

thereof; and that in such Account and Audit there may and shall be charged and allowed such Sums of Money as to the said Vice Chancellor shall seem reasonable for the Rent, Taxes, and cleaning of the Offices where the Business of the County Palatine Court is transacted, for providing the said Offices with Coals, Candles, and other necessary Articles, and for the Books and Stationery supplied by such Registrar for carrying on the Business of the said Offices, and for Salaries of Clerks, Expenses of Journeys, Postages, and Carriage of Parcels, and all other incidental and necessary Expenses.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the said Registrar shall within Ten Days after every such Account shall be so audited as aforesaid transmit the Duplicate Copy of such Account, signed by the Vice Chancellor as before directed, to the Auditor for the Time being of the Duchy of Lancaster.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the said Registrar shall from Time to Time, when he shall transmit the Duplicate Copy of the said Account of Fees to the Auditor for the Time being of the said Duchy of Lancaster, as before directed, at the same Time pay into Court to the " Fee Fund Account " the total Amount of Fees which by such Account shall appear to be due from the said Registrar; and the said Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster in such Case may and is hereby authorized and empowered to take from the Registrar for the Time being of the said County Palatine Court such Security, by Bond, Recognizance, or otherwise, as to the said Chancellor shall seem fit, binding such Registrar, together with One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, in such penal Sum or penal Sums as to the said Chancellor shall seem meet, for the due accounting for all Fees and for all Sums of Money which shall be received by such Registrar by virtue of his Appointment, or under any Order of the said County Palatine Court respectively in any Matter or Suit pending in the said Court.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, after he shall have directed a fixed Salary to be paid to the Registrar as aforesaid, from Time to Time to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, such competent Persons as he shall think fit to act either as District or as Deputy Registrars of the said Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine during the Pleasure of the Chancellor for the Time being of the said Duchy and County Palatine, and to assign to any District Registrar a District; and such District Registrars within their Districts, and such Deputy Registrars, shall and may have and exercise all such Powers and Authorities in respect of any Matters referred to them by the said Court by any General or Special Order as might be exercised by the Registrar; and the Fees, or Salary payable out of Fees, payable to every such District or Deputy Registrar shall be such as the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine, with the Advice and

Consent

399

1850. Court of Chancery {County Palatine of Lancaster).

Consent of the Vice Chancellor of the County Palatine, shall direct, and shall be included in the Table of Fees hereby directed to be kept; and the Acts of such District or Deputy Registrars in respect of all Matters referred to them by the said Court shall be as valid and effectual, and subject to Revision, in the same Manner as if they were performed by the Registrar of the Court.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall R«gi*tm« not not be lawful for any Registrar, District or Deputy Registrar, ^ritortlnthe of the said Court, during the Time he shall hold and exercise court.

the Office of Registrar, District or Deputy Registrar, of the said Court, either directly or indirectly, by himself, his Partner,

Clerk, or other Person, to practise in the said Court of Chancery of the County Palatine, either as Solicitor originally retained for any Party in any Matter pending in the said Court, or as Agent for any other Attorney or Solicitor practising in the said Court, nor participate in any Fees payable to any Attorney or Solicitor so practising; and that any Registrar,

District or Deputy Registrar, being proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court for the Time being to have so practised, or to have participated in any Fees as aforesaid, contrary to the Meaning and Intent of this Act, shall be deemed to have committed a Contempt of Court, and shall be liable to Dismissal from his Office, or to the Payment of such Fine, or liable to such other Punishment, as to the said Court for the Time being shall seem fit.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That in all Proceedings under Court to hams

and by virtue of this Act there shall be the same Jurisdiction "

as to Costs vested in the said Court of the County Palatine ord«£to be as such Court could exercise in any other Cause or Matter; subject to Ap-and the Orders of the said Court made in pursuance of this Act P*1-

shall be subject to Appeal in the same Manner in all respects as any other Orders of the Court.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Interpretation Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby of Terms, assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

"the said County Palatine Court" shall mean the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster; Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number; and Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females as well as Males; and Words importing Individuals shall include Bodies Corporate.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-and take effect on the First Day of November One thousand roent of Act* eight hundred and fifty.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present araeniie<1, Session of Parliament.

Cc

Cap. 44.

Account of Population to be taken.

By whom the Account shall be taken.

Population (Ireland).

CAP. XLIV.

13 & 14 Vtcr.

Masters, &c. of Gaols, &c. to be appointed Enumerators of the Inmates thereof.

Forms, &c. to be furnished for their Use.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Account of the Population of Ireland be taken Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Account be taken at the Time and in the Manner herein-after directed.

II. And be it enacted, That such Officers and Men of the Police Force of Dublin Metropolis, and of the Constabulary Force, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct, together with such other competent Persons as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall appoint to assist therein, shall, upon the Thirty-first Day of March and One or more next consecutive Days in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall fix, severally visit every House within such Districts as may be assigned to them respectively, and take an Account in Writing, according to such Instructions as may be

£'ven to them by the Chief or Under Secretary to the said ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, of the Number of Persons dwelling therein, and of the Sex, Age, and Occupation of all such Persons, distinguishing the Persons born in the Place or Parish and County in which they shall be then dwelling; and shall also take an Account of the Number of inhabited Houses and of uninhabited Houses, and of Houses then building within such Districts respectively; and shall also distinguish those Parishes and Places, or Parts of Parishes and Places, within each District respectively, which are within the Limits of any City or Borough returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament; and shall also take an Account of all such further Particulars as by such Instructions they may be directed to inquire into, such Particulars and Instructions having no Reference to the Religion of any Person or Persons.

III. And be it enacted, That the Master or Keeper of every Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, Workhouse, Hospital, or Lunatic Asylum, and every Barrack Master, and every Master or Keeper of every public or charitable Institution which shall be determined upon by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall act as the Enumerator of the Inmates thereof, and shall be bound to conform to such Instructions as shall be sent to him by the Authority of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for obtaining the Returns required by this Act, so far as may be practicable with respect to such Inmates.

IV. And for the more effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it enacted, That the said Chief or Under Secretary shall prepare

I80& ' - Population (Ireland).* Cap. 44 401

pm and cause to be printed such Forms and Instiractions for the Use of the several Persons who shall be appointed as aforesaid to take or certify the said Accounts as he shall deem necessary.

V. And be it enacted, That the better to enable such Persons Power to make to take the said Accounts they are hereby authorized and em- the Inquiry, powered to ask all such Questions of all Persons within their respective Districts, respecting themselves or the Persons constituting their respective Families, and of all such further Particulars as shall be directed by their said Instructions, or shall be necessary for the Purpose of taking the said Accounts.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Person refusing to answer Penalty for rear wilfully giving a false Answer to any such Questions, and every Person in any way wilfully obstructing such Persons in g7tfog°Lw the Execution of the Duties required of them under this Act, -Answers, shall for every such Refusal, false Answer, or wilful Obstruction, on Proof thereof being made before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Persons shall reside, on the Testimony of One or more credible Witnesses, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justices before whom such Complaint shall be so made.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Member of the said Penalty on Police or Constabulary Forces, or other Person, who shall be

so appointed to take the said Accounts or to assist therein, who VfS *

shall make any wilful Neglect, Default, or Falsification in any fault or Neg-Matters relating to the said Accounts, shall for every such lect-Neglect, Default, or Falsification, on Proof thereof being made before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County in which he shall so act, on the Testimony of One or more credible Witnesses, forfeit a Sum npt exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Justices before whom such Complaint shall be so made.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Amount of such several Penalties how Forfeitures which may be received under this Act shall, if not to re?", erd immediately paid, be levied by Warrant under the Hands and tpp Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, in such Marnier as is directed by a certain Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

An Act for the better Collection of Fines9 Penalties, Issues, Deo- 6 & 7 Vict c. 56. dands. Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland, and fir At Appropriation thereof \ or any Act of the present Session in force for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland, and that the Amount of such Forfeitures, when so paid or levied, shall be paid, one Half* to the Informer, and the other Half to the Credit of and to be appropriated in the same Manner as the surplus Fund under atich Act.

IX. And be *it enacted, That the said several Persons so The Person *

appointed to take the said Accounts, or to assist therein, shall tokin8the A5 *

sign and certify the same, and make solemn Affirmation before to

any Justice of the Peace within the County, to the Effect that their Correct-

the said Account has been truly and faithfully taken by him "ess» df

Cc 2 (or liTerthemto

402

13 & 14 VICT.

the Officer appointed to receive them.

Such Officer to transmit them to the Office of the Chief Secretary.

An Abstract thereof to he laid before Parliament.

Punishment of Persons wilfully making false Affirmation or Declaration.

Act may be amended, &c.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 110.

Recited Act further continued.

Cap. 44, 45. Population (Ireland).

(or them), and that to the best of his (or their) Knowledge the same is correct, so far as may be known, mid shall deliver the same to such Officer of the said Police or Constabulary Forces, or other Person as may be appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors to receive the same, within each County, City, Town, or Place; and such Officer or Person shall examine the same, and ause any Defect or Inaccuracy which may be discovered therein to be supplied or corrected so far as may be possible, and shall certify and transmit the same to the Office of the said Chief or Under Secretary, in such Manner and within such Time as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall direct, and the same shall be digested and reduced into Order, under the Direction of the said Chief or Under Secretary, by such Persons as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall appoint for that Purpose; and that an Abstract thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Twelve Months after the Day on which the said Account shall be taken, or (if Parliament be not then sitting) within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

X. And be it enacted, That every solemn Affirmation or Declaration made or signed under the Authority of this Act shall be of the same Force and Effect as if the Person making Such Affirmation or Declaration had taken an Oath in the usual Form, so that if the Person making such Affirmation or Declaration shall be convicted of having therein wilfully and falsely affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, he shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which Persons convicted of wilful Perjury are subject.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

(the Laws relating to Loan Societies, which Act has been con-c tinued by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the ' Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End ' of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient

that the same should be further continued:' Re it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be further continued to the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

1850. Loan Societies. Cap. 45, 46. 403

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amendcti»&c* Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[29th July 1850.]

Vlf WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof, or relating to the balloting for or enrolling any Militiamen or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

IL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and mating Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom or any Part thereof, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Ridings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain^ or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively relating to the Militia and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon snail, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties

General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

Act to extend to Waxdens of Stannaries and to Corps of Miners.

Act may be amended, &c.

10 & 11 Vict.

c. 98.

12 A13 Vict. c. 39.

Certain Provisions of first-recited Act further continued.

Act may be amended, &c.

5&SW.4. c. 27.

Militia Ballots Suspension. — Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction,

and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon, as fully as if they were severally repeated in every Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority herein contained.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament,

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

[29th JWy 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled ' An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in 6 England, by which it was enacted, that certain of the Provi-

sions therein contained shonld continue until the First Day 4 of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and,

if Parliament were then sitting, until the End of the then

Session of Parliament; and such Provisions have, by an Act ' passed in the last Session of Parliament, been continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act shall continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to

continue

405

1850. Linen, , fyc. c. Manufactures (Ireland)* Cap. 48.

continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and ' Hempen Manufactures in Ireland: And whereas an Act was gassed in the Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for s& 4 Vict. c. 9i. 4 the more effectual Prevention of Frauds and Abuses committed by Weavers, Servers, and other Persons employed in the Linen,

Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages, for One 4 Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and con- 5 & 6 Vict. c. 68. 4 tinue to the Twenty-seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds ctnd Abuses committed by Weavers, Sewers, and other Persons employed in the Linen, Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and Wool *

len Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 47. 4 continue for Five Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the first herein-before recited Act, and the secondly and thirdly and fourthly herein-before recited Acts, should be continued, subject to the respective Amendments thereof: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Continuation of first herein-before recited Act, except as to such Parts thereof Act#* as have been repealed by the said secondly herein-before recited Act, and subject to the Amendments thereof in the said subsequent recited Acts contained, and the said secondly and thirdly and fourthly herein-before recited Acts, subject to the respective Amendments thereof, shall be continued and shall be and remain in force from the passing of this Act for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of "end^»&c# Parliament.

406

Cap. 49.

Militia.

13 & 14 VICT.

Secretary at War to issue the Money required for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made

for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and

contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland, and for making in certain Cases

Allowances of Reduced Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, while disem-i bodied, and Allowances to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, 4 Quartermasters, and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia

who have been or may be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters disabled after long Service Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Die?n:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem: Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough or Licence he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively;

And

185a

Militia Pay.

Cap. 49. 407

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when dig- Clothing, embodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Founds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major,

the Cases in which o

vided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expense of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that such Serjeant Majors and Serjeants as were serving on the Disembodied Staff on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years; and that such as shall have been subsequently appointed to serve or promoted on the Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Contingent Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Fund* Battalion, or Corps.

II. And be it enacted, That, except when employed as Adjutant, &c* herein-after provided, every Adjutant and Non-commissioned to reside where Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by point, the Secretary at War; and every such Adjutant and Noncommissioned Officer shall .forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. And be it enacted, That every Adjutant and Non- Adjutant* and commissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be Gf Militia may liable to be employed within the County to which the Regi- be employed in ment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, their C0 0* under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Adjutant of each Regi- Adjutant to ment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other clothing* and Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or to issue the Commandant, and shall, out of the Allowance of Sixpence per Money e*000* Annum for each Private Man directed by this Act to be issued pennon an and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regi- Order signed by ment. Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay the Colonel* such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in

sod Three Pounds

Writing

408 Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT.

Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Balance to form Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for a Stock Purse, the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it enacted, That in the occasional and' unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant; and the said Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia when embodied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to ' certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland while disembodied, under certain Regulations:' Be

Surgeons. it enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein-after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was serving therein, when the Corps was last disembodied, and also to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland which was augmented'during the W ar, and which has been reduced to its original Establishment; (that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a Surgeon's Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Rank of certain Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act all Officers Officers. of the Militia serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenants shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Hank of Second Lieutenant shall be deemed to be Ensigns;

and

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subalterns and

40»

1850. Militia Pay. CAp. 49' *

md that the Supernumerary Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons of Regiments of Militia in Ireland as aforesaid shall be deemed to hare belonged to such Regiments when they were last disembodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that Time.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person who Certain Perron* is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become possessed of such an Estate or Income ati would by Law qualify him to bold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the said Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Full Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Surgeons A P|frati<m Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim ^titIe office, under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said &c. to such Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order Allowances.

to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the United Kingdom, Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before pome one of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet,)

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I belonged to FormofDccl*.

the of Militia when the same was disembodied, ratio° *

and that I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of inclusive, as a [Lieute-

nant. Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, as the 1 Case may be]; and that I was not, in my own Right or in the Right of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which r I now claim to receive my Allowance, (that is to say,) from the Day of to the Day of

both inclusive, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I was not in Holy Orders; that I 4 have not during the above Period held the Appointment of

Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any Regiment. Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government,

besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except

my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines,

or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be]> and any P&y and Allowances from the

to the both Days inclusive, during which Period the

Corps was assembled for Training and Exercise. '

Which

Seeretmry at War may place certain Officers unfit for Duty upon a retired Allowance, upon making the following Declaration.

Form of Declaration.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

A Declaration to be taken by Officers claiming the said Allowances.

Form of Declaration.

Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT.

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Lieutenant, Ensign, and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia of Great Britain, or Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of the Allowance granted on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of the War; and all such Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowance, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

J do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I formerly

served as a in the Militia; that 1 am not

in Holy Orders; and that from the Day of

to the Day of I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem as a of the said Militia,

except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a

XI. And be it enacted, That the Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed, during the Continuance of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of his reduced Allowance.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some one of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as [Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, as the Case may 4 he,] in the of Militia at the Reduction of the Staff

of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred and twentynine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance,

that

411

186a

Militia Pay.

Cap. 49.

that m to say, from the Day of One thousand eight hundred and to the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did

not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy,

during any Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance of 4 a Day now churned, except my Half Pay as a [of the

Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may be], and except my Pay and Allowances from the to the both

Days inclusive, during which Period the Militia was

assembled for Training and Exercise. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that any Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XIII. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Penskra, although not unfit for further Service:' Be it enacted, That no Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster on the reduced Allowance, and every Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to any Allowances as aforesaid, shall regularly attend the Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs during the whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as all Arrears of the said Allowance and of Pay; and a Certificate of his having so attended, and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the

Out-Pennon to Reduced Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers not to be received while serving.

Subalterns, Mates, itc. to attend the Exercise, &c.

Commanding Officers may grant Leave of Absence.

41 *

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid on making the Declaration, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly.

5 & 6 Vict. c.S5.

On Neglect of Attendance, Subalterns, &c. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Cap. 49. MBitia Pdy. 13 & 14 VICT.

the whole or any Part of such Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Lfcave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowances and every Part thereof in Hke Manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall not, before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, be called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have made and subscribed the Declaration hereinbefore mentioned before any Justice of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the Said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XVI. And be it enacted, That upon such Declarations and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Declarations being produced to the Paymaster General, the Paymaster General shall pay to the said Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons their respective Allowances above mentioned for the usual quarterly or other proper Periods, without any Deduction whatsoever, save and except that provided by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades* and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, or by any other Act which may be passed continuing the Payment of such Duties for a further Period, the Declarations and Certificates before mentioned to be by him preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the aforesaid reduced or disembodied Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong whenever the same shall be

411

Wfifll MBUiaFiy. Cap. 49.

be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, on such Occasion, oar on such other Occasions as may be required in pursuance of the Laws in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster,

Subaltern Officer, SurgeonVMate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mote, or Assistant Surgeon, shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Allowance not tamed shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any to be paid while Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Sur- thC Militia is geon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid to the said Allowance or any Part thereof during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or assembled for Training sad Exercise.

embodied.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person, persons on being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Ha., f p*y»or Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular

Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may having served in receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be the Army or paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns,

Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and pay, &c. during Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and Training, the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster,

Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance ?

Provided always, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Ad- Adjutants, &c., jutaot, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer,

or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any or Pri" Chelsea or Kthnainham Pension or Allowance on account of rates, not to Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to lostheir Right the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Kilmainbam Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Pensions, &c. Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

414

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Adjutants appointed before 24th Dec. 1814 entitled to receive, after a Service of 20 Years, if unfit for further Service, an Allowance of 8s. per Day; provided they do not hold certain other Appointments.

Adjutant appointed since 24th Dec. 1814 entitled to receive, after SO Years Service,

Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT.

XXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expense of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster General shall pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary at War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, that any Adjutant appointed after the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty

Years

1850.

Militia Pay. Cap. 49. 415

Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service &c., an Aliow-&s an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or *"ce of Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, upon pro- *y '

(facing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right to Half Right he may have to Half Pay or Out-Pension by reason of Pay re*erTed# receiving such Allowance of Eight Shillings or Six Shillings a Day as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance: Provided always, Certain Terms that in Cases of very long and meritorious Services it shall be ^nded to lawful for the Secretary at War to extend to any Adjutants appointed between the Twenty-fourth Day of December One and meritoriout thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day of Se1*8 *

July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three the Terms, either in whole or in part, herein-before prescribed for the Retirement of Adjutants appointed before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted Allowances to in pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and s^n^and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infir- Q^teTm

mity been rendered unfit for further Service: Be it enacted, ters.

That such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving Right to Half such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any p*y reserved. Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Regiment, Reduced Ad-Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and jutants to redetermined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease DayNui sTst and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the July issa Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem

shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such Right to Half Reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pa *

Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 44.

Allowances granted to Adjutants who hare been appointed since 24th Dec. 1814, &c. on Completion of certain Periods of Sendee.

No Adjutant whose Commission bears Date between 24th Dec. 1814 and 9lh July 1823 excluded.

Right to Half Pay and Pen- ' sion reserred.

Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT

formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXV. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors

are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in con-i sequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, which Allowances have been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four

Shillings per Diem Be it enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who have been appointed since the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall hereafter be appointed, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular Forces and in the Militia, if unfit for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions* (that is to Bay,)

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem: Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem: Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem: Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem: Provided also, that no such Adjutant whose Commission bears Date between the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three shall be excluded from the Operation of the Authority vested in the Secretary at War to determine certain Cases of Adjutants of long and meritorious Services; provided also, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary at War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance, subject to the same Limitations and Restrictions in respect to the holding of any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or

under

rm

Militia Pay.

Cap. 4 9; 41T

under any other Government, as attach to other Adjutants to whom retired Allowances have been or shall be granted.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every reduced Adjutant Reduced Ad-entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George lowance with" the Third, and continued by any subsequent Act or by this any Pay or Act, may receive such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, other A^1ow* Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable together with such sg&^ocTs, reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in c. 44. and the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 26 G.3. c. 107. intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Lowe relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Tlnrty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Provided Rwriw. always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under Her Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under Her Majesty, or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XXVIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been Restriction* granted to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia: Be it enacted, That the said Allowances shall be issued and paid jutant* of the during the Continuance of this Act in like Manner and subject Local Militia, to the same Restrictions as the Allowances of the Paymasters,

Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who were reduced in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That in every County in Eng- Allommce* to land and Wales, when the Regular Militia is or shall be raised,

Allowances shall be made to the Clerks of General Meetings, Subdivision ml the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, for Meeting* in their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Law relating to 42 G. s. c. 90. the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy for their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better raising 37 G.s. c. 25.

and

418

42 G.S. c. 72.

Allowances to' such Officers and others in Scotland.

42 G.S. c. 91.

Manner of granting Allowances.

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT:

and ordering the Militia Forces for the Tower Hamlets in the County of Middlesex, and any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Lord Warden and Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon for their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in 6 the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the

Kingdom during the present War, and for the more effectually

raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of i Great Britain, ' and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised, Allowances shall also be made to the Clerks of General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivisions Meetings, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, for their Trouble and Expenses in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to raise and establish a Militia in Scotland, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devonf or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

t do solemnly declare, That the preceding

A Account, so far as regards my Interest therein, is a just

and true Account of Business performed by me for and in

behalf of the public Service, according to the Manner therein ' set forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually

paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

r do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial

A Schoolmaster [or Constable, or other Officer] of the District

of in the Subdivision of the County of; and that the preceding Account is

a just and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the public Service, according to the

Manner

1850.

Militia Pay. Cap. 49. 419

Maimer therein set forth; and that I was employed on such ' Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issuel the Allowances according to the Rate specified in the Table to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

XXXI. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieu* Deputy tteutenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, tenants may reCity, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy War *

dens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Coun- Surgeon reties of Cornwall and Devon, should be assisted by the Advice ding n«ir the of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons claiming to be exempt from Service in the Militia by reason of bodily IDg r ppcalfc Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held, to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

I do solemnly declare, That I will, to the Declaration to

best of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the b

Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted urgeoa '

to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such Examinaturn* '

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance Allowance to at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceed- Surgeon, mg Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money granted Pay, to be for the Pay, Clothing, contingent and other Expenses, and for ^rwtSoM^ the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and the Secretary at Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under War. the Direction of the Secretary at War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Heac

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Bills drawn for Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be PtT»&c* drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

420

No Fee to be taken.

Expense of House for depositing Arms and Stores of the Militia in Ireland, &c. to be defrayed by the County.

Proviso as to Amount of Kent.

Providing Place for Arms, &c.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

Cap. 49. Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VICT.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in* pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Hire of any House or Place to be provided for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Residence and Accommodation of the Adjutant belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, shall be defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sum for that Purpose, and for all other Sums of Money and Expenses payable and to be defrayed by the County in respect of the Militia of the County, and all Arrears of any such Hire due for the Hire or Rent of any House heretofore provided, and which Rent shall not have been presented and paid before the passing of this Act, or which shall hereafter become due for any such Houser and all Arrears of any such other Sums or Expenses aforesaid which shall have become due before the Certificate .thereof shall be transmitted as hereafter mentioned, shall be raised by the Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County shall pass on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Secretary, or by the First Clerk in the Military Department, and specifying the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; and the said Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief or Under Secretary or First Clerk to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, or at any Time prior to the First Day of Assizes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the Presenting Term-: Provided always, that in no Case any greater Rent than Fifty Pounds Currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such House or Place.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Place provided under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Laics relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, for the Purpose of keeping therein the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not embodied, and the Hire or Cost of which Place may have been paid by the Treasurer of any County, Riding, or Place out of the County Rates of the same, according to the Provisions of the said Act, hath or at any Time hereafter shall, from Change of the Occupation of the adjoining Property or other Causes, become insecure or unfit for such Purpose, or the public Convenience may require the same to be changed or sold, the Justices of such County, Riding, or Place assembled at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, after Representation made to

them

185a

421

Militia Pay. Cap. 49.

than of each Insecurity or Unfitness or Inconvenience by the Lord Lieutenant of such County, and the Colonel of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and Evidence thereof given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices so in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order some other convenient and proper Place to be provided or built for the Purpose of keeping therein the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not embodied, the Purchase, Hire, or Cost of which Place, in Case the same shall be approved of by the Lotd Lieutenant and Colonel of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the County Rates.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in all such Cases as aforesaid the Persons or Person in whom such Place which may have become insecure or unfit for the Purposes aforesaid may be vested, upon Service upon them or him of an Order made at any Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, setting forth that another and more convenient and proper Place has been provided for the Purpose aforesaid, whereby the Place so purchased for the Purpose aforesaid has become useless, shall proceed forthwith, in such Manner as they shall think beet, to sell and convey and assure the same to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged from the Uses or Trusts to which it had theretofore been liable and subject, and give Receipts and Acquittances for the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies thereof, mid shall, upon Receipt of the Money arising therefrom, after deducting thereout all Costs and Charges attending such Sale or Sales, pay the same unto the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, to be by him applied and paid towards the Cost of such Place to be so purchased as aforesaid, or the fitting up the same, and in case no such Place shall be so purchased, then toward the Expenses of fitting up such Place which may be so hired as aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Residue of such Purchase Money (if any) shall be invested in the Public Funds, and the Interest thereof applied in aid of the Rate of such County or Riding, according as the Justices of the same in Quarter Session assembled may direct; and no Person purchasing any Place so sold as aforesaid shall be bound to inquire, whether any of the Circumstances have arisen under which it has been determined to sell the same as aforesaid, nor shall he be bound to see to the Application or Nonapplication of his, her, or their respective Purchase Monies; and when and as soon as the Persons or Person in whom such Place shall have been so vested as aforesaid shall have paid to the said County Treasurer the clear Proceeds arising from such Sale or Sales, and shall have procured from such Treasurer his Receipt for the same, then and from thenceforth such Persons or Person shall be forthwith discharged from all Liability, Claim, or Demand in respect of the said Place so vested in him or them for the Purposes aforesaid, and also from all Liability, Claim, or

Sale of Place not required.

422 '

13 & 14 VICT-

All Things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Shires, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

Cap. 49. Militia Pay.

Demand in respect of the Proceeds arising from the Sale of such Place; and such Receipt shall be a Bar to the Claim of any Person or Persons whatsoever in such County, Riding, or Place, or any Person or Persons claiming under them any Right, Title, or Estate to such Place or the Proceeds thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Tilings in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries. Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

TABLE to which this Act refers *

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, c. 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by £ d9

Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) - 0 7 6

2. For attending General Meetings at which the

Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each - -550

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants - 1 11 6

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or

Chief Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - 0 0 6

1850. Militia Pay* Cap. 49.

for filling up printed Precepts to the School* £ s. £ masters. Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each - - 0 0 6

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists-and hearing Appeals -076

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making

Abstracts thereof. Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary at War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia _ 2 2 0

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400

Men - 3 3 0

Ditto from 401 to 600

Men 4 4 0

Ditto from 601 to 800

Men - 5 5 0

Ditto from 801 Men

and upwards - 6 6 0

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve

for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200

Men or under - - 1 1 0

Ditto - - from 201 to 400

Men ---220

Ditto - - from 401 to 600

Men - - 3 3 0

Ditto - - from 601 to 800

Men - 440

Ditto - - from 801 Men

and upwards - 5 5 0

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names

of the Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under - 0 5 0

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names - 0 10 0

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names - 10 0

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards. - 1 10 0

423

424

13 & 14 VICT.

* Cup. 49. *Jliiliiia Fay.

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieu- £ s. tf.

tenant's annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps - 0 15 0

Ditto . -p Two - Ditto 1 10 0

Ditto - Three - Ditto 2 0 0

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of, course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland whiph furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men - Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -

Ditto - from 901 Men and

upwards -

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c,:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under 2 0 0

In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men ..... 3 0 0

Ditto Men from 401 to 600 4 0 0

Ditto Men from 601 to 800 5 0 0

Ditto and upwards from 801 Men 6 0 0

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertisements, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

2 0 0

3 0 0

0 0

5 0 0

1860. Militia Pay, C*pu49,

The Charge for printing and publishing £ s. rf. Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks

of Subdivision Meetings of the Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice - 0 06

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the

Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion - 10 0

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing One Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps, - -200

Ditto - Two - Ditto 3 0 0

Ditto - Three - Ditto 4 0 0

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting

by Advertisement, no separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement -

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter -

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or principal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet,

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting.

For enrolling.

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists

0 5 0 0 1 0

2 2 0

42»

Cap. 49. Militia Pay* 13 & 14 VICT.

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to £ s* <L complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists 15 0

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - 0 15 0

16. For filling*up printed Precepts to the Chief or

High Constables in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept - 0 0 6

And for filling up printed Preceptsjto the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept - - 0 0 6

17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men - per 1,000

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists,

Schedule (C.), for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is - 50 Men and under

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists

of Men enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 0

5 5 0

185a MOitu t Pcty.

Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 Names and upwards

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the follow-ingProportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and Specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the-Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

Ctfp* 49+

jC s. d.

0 5 6 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0 2 10 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

0 0

5 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0

&p>'4& M&tta Pay. 13 & 14 Yt&i.

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling -up printed Precepts to the High or £ s. d.

Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names

and under - - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 Names and

upwards - - 1 0 0

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes

* . within the Subdivision of any County,

Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names

and under - 0 0 6

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names 0 10

Ditto from 31 to 50 Names 0 2 6

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names 0 4 0

Ditto from 71 to 100 Names 0 7 0

Ditto from 100 upwards - 0 10 0

25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names

and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and

under - - 0 2 0

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names 0 15 0

Ditto from ?51 and upwards 10 0

usa

MOiXaPdy. Ceip.49.

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the

Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men

and under - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 and upwards 1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to House-

holders, for each Day consisting of Eight

Hours - 0 5 0

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting

of Sixty Lines -.010

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each

Meeting - 0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted

Men, per Day - -050

31. For Stationery, per Annum - - 0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to House-

holders, for each Day consisting of Eight

Hours - - 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting

of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per

Day - 0 40

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted

and enrolled Men, per Day - - 0 4 0

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out

by the Constables, per Annum - - 0 6 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable fo the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a

Distance to perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Cleric such Person shall have

430

Cap. 49 — 51.

Militia Pay. 13 & 14 VXOT.

Recited Act further continued.

Act may be amended, &c.

an Allowance for his travelling Expense# not exceeding Nine-pence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in supjx>rt of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account, 38. Thtf Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

An Act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to exempt until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor r 4 And whereas the said Act hath been since continual by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the first-mentioned Act shall continue in force until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

An Act for the Transfer of the Equitable Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer to the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[29th July 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to transfer to the Court of 4 Chancery in Ireland the Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

CAP. L.

[29th July 1850.]

CAP. LI.

r

rity

1850. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51. 431

rity of the same, That on the First Day of August One thou- The Jurisdie-sand eight hundred and fifty all the Power, Authority, and tion of the Jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Dublin ^l^uer afa" as a Court of Equity, and all the Power, Authority, and Juris- Court of diction which shall have been conferred on or committed to Equity, kc. the said Court of Exchequer by or under the special Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, (other than such Power, the Court of Authority, and Jurisdiction as shall be then possessed by or be Chancery, incident to the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Law, or as shall then be possessed by the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Revenue, and not heretofore exercised or exerciseable by the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity,) shall be by force of this Act transferred and given to Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the same might have been exercised by the said Court of Exchequer if this Act had not passed; and the same Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction shall, so far as respects the Exercise thereof by the said Court of Exchequer, cease and determine: Provided always, that this Act shall not abridge, lessen, or in anywise affect the Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction of or incident to the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Law, or the Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction of the same Court as a Court of Revenue, not heretofore exercised or exerciseable by the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity.

II. And be it enacted, That all Suits and Matters which on Suits depending the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and f»d Proeeed-fifty shall be depending in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity, or under such Act or Acts of Parliament as chancery to be aforesaid, (except as aforesaid,) shall be by force of this Act carried on retransferred, with all the Proceedings therein, to the said Court of Chancery, there to be carried on and prosecuted and dealt court, with and decided according to the Practice of that Court, in the same Manner in every respect as if such Suits and Matters had been originally commenced in the said Court of Chancery; and all Decrees and Orders which shall have been made by the said Court of Exchequer in such Suits and Matters shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to be Decrees or Orders respectively of the said Court of JChancery; and all Wriureturn-Writs which shall have been then issued in the same Suits and Matters, or any of them, returnable in the said Court of Exche- turnable m* quer, shall be by force of this Act returnable in the said Court Chancery, of Chancery: Provided always, that in case on ^the said First Lord Chan-Day of August any of the said Suits or Matters so hereby trans- ce}lor r*" ferred shall have been partly heard by the said Court of Exche- court of Ex-quer, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, by Order chequer Causes specially made for the Purpose, to remit such partly heard Suit partly ^heard by or Matter to the said Court of Exchequer, and the said Court at ourt of Exchequer shall thereupon, with all convenient Speed, hear the same/and make such Rule, Order, or Decree therein as shall appear to said Court of Exchequer right and fitting in the

43a

Lord Chancellor to make General Orders for the Taxation of Costs, &c. by reason of the Transfer.

Stocks, &c. standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to be transferred into the Name of Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applicable to such Purposes as the same were respectively applicable to *

Officers of Bank of Ireland, &c. directed to make the Transfer.

Cap. 61. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

Premises, anything herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; but such Suit or Matter shall in all other respects and for all other Purposes stand and be considered as transferred to the said Court of Chancery, in like Manner as all other Suits and Matters so hereby transferred as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to make such General Orders (as well with respect to the Taxation and Allowance of Costs as in all other respects) as to him shall seem fit and proper to be made, by reason or in consequence of the Transfer hereby made to the said Court of Chancery of such Suits and Matters as aforesaid, or for carrying the same Transfer into complete Effect.

IV. And be it enacted, That on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty all Stocks, Funds, Annuities, and Securities whatsoever which shall then be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, or in the Books of any other Body Politic or Corporate or Company whatsoever, and all such Exchequer Bills or other Securities which at any Time before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty shall have been transferred into or vested in the Name of or shall be in the Custody or Power of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, and which shall not have been applied to the Trusts and Purposes to which the same were applicable under the Order or Direction of the said Court of Exchequer, shall on the said First Day of August become by force of this Act vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery for the Time being, in trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Chancery, and without any Act or Deed whatsoever to be done or executed by the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded upon by and in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in right of his Office, by any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, or in any other Manner, as the same might have been proceeded on by or in the Name of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, and shall be applicaV1^ to all such Purposes as the same were respectively applicahk to, except where otherwise directed by this Act; and all such Funds, Stocks, Annuities, and Securities as shall on the said First Day of August be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General in the Books of the Bank of Ireland^ or in the Books of any Body Politic or Corporate or Company, and all Cash in the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, shall on the said First Day of August be carried, by the proper Officers of the said Companies respectively, to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in the Books of the said Bank of Ireland, or other Body

Politic

i85a

Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51. 433

PoEtic or Corporate or Company respectively, in trust to attend the Orders of the said Court of Chancery, anything in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Creation or Regulation of any such Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Securities, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That the Accountant General of the AccountantGe-said Court of Exchequer shall on the said First Day of August "^Jeauerto One thousand eight hundred and fifty make up Accounts with the Accountant General for the Time being of the Court of count* with Ac-Chancery of all Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Securities which shall be standing in the Name of the Accountant General of chancery, the Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, or in the Books of any other Body Politic or Corporate or Company; and that the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer shall also on the said First Day of August make out a true and perfect Schedule of all Cash, Exchequer Bills, Bonds, Mortgages, Orders, and Effects whatsoever deposited or remaining in his Custody,

Power, or Disposal, or standing in his Name as Accountant General, and of all Monies which shall have been paid into the said Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer as such Accountant General, and which shall not have been invested in any Stocks, Funds,

Annuities, or Securities, and shall deliver up to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery'all the Books and Documents in his Possession or Power as such Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Stocks, Funds, and Secu- Stocks, &c. to rities, and Cash, which by virtue of this Act shall become vested entered

in the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, shall ^cJhtob^ be entered Causewise in the Books of such Accountant Ge- come One com-neral; and the Cash to be transferred to the Credit of the said mon Caah-Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery by virtue of this Act, and all other Cash to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, shall be and be deemed and taken to be One common and general Cash, and as such shall be issued and payable in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery hath directed or shall direct.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Payment Funds trans-or Transfer of any Sum or Sums of Money to be at any Time ferred Chan" made out of any of the Cash or Funds so to be transferred 2S3-Tto° as aforesaid, or out of any Cash or Funds to be at any Time Usher's Pound-brought into the said Court of Chancery, or arise or be produced in said Court in or by any Suit or Matter transferred to said Court by force of this Act as aforesaid, or to be at any Time brought into said Court of Chancery under the Provisions of u The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be subject or liable to the Payment of Poundage to the Usher of the said Court of Chancery, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ee 2

Money directed by any Act, &c. to be paid into the Bank to the Credit of Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to become payable to the Credit of Accountant General of Court of Chancery *

Stocks, &c. transferrable into the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to become trans-ferroble into the Name of the Accountant General of Court of Chancery.

Exchequer Compensation and Fee Fund invested under 6 & 7 Vict c. 55. to be continued.

Cap. 51. Court of Exchequer (Ireland), 13 & 14 Vict.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money would, on or after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be payable by any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name or with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and which, when paid in accordingly, would be subject to the Order of the said Court of Exchequer sitting as a Court of Equity, the same Sum and Sums shall be payable and paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the like Credit as the same would have been payable if this Act had not passed, but subject to the Order of the said Court of Chancery; and in every Case in which any Money, Funds, Annuities, or Securities, or other Property, would, on or after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be payable or transferrable into the Name of or become vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer, and which, when paid or transferred accordingly, would be subject to the Order of the same Court sitting as a Court of Equity, the same Money, Funds, Annuities, Securities, and other Property shall be paid, transferrable, and transferred into the Name of or vested in the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in trust to attend the Order of the said Court of Chancery, and the same shall be applicable to the same Purposes as the same would have been applicable if this Act had not passed, except where otherwise directed by this Act; and that all Money, Funds, Annuities, Securities, and Property which shall be so paid and transferred into the Name of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and which, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not passed, were paid or transferred, or would have been payable or transferrable, to the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, by virtue of any Act or Acts already passed or hereafter to be passed, or other Authority whatsoever, shall be held subject to such or the like Orders and Directions of the said Court of Chancery, and subject to such Powers and Provisions, as the same would have been subject to in case the same had been originally directed or authorized to have been paid and transferred into the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, and had been made originally subject to the Orders and Directions of the last-mentioned Court; and the Orders and Directions of the said Court of Chancery relating thereto shall have the same Force and Effect as any like Orders and Directions of the Court of Exchequer relating thereto would have had if this Act had not passed.

IX. And whereas under the Provisions of an Act passed (in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixth and Seventh ' Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the Equity Side

Cof

435

Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51.

of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, a Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court then lying in the Bank of Ireland unproductive to the Suitors was invested in Government Securities, and placed to an Account, intituled An Account of the Compensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland " and the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Securities in which the said Sum was invested have been from Time to Time received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and placed to the Credit of the Accountant General of the said Court in an Account called An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Compen sation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Ex44 chequer in Ireland and have been issued and applied, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, so far as the said Interest and annual Produce have extended, to the Payment of the Compensations ascertained under the said Act, and thereby made payable to certain Officers of the said Court; and the said Interest and annual Produce not being adequate to the Payment of the whole Amount of the said Compensations, the Deficiency thereof has been, according to the Directions of the said Act, from Time to Time and still continue8 to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom: Be it enacted, That upon and after the Transfer, under the Provisions of this Act, of the Stocks, Funds, Annuities, and Securities standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be continued and maintained out of the common Cash or Money of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery which may be from Time to Time unemployed as an Investment in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery in the same Account, as by the said Act directed; and the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Securities in which the said Sum is or shall be invested shall be issued and applied, under die Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to the Purposes and in the Manner directed by the said Act and this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That if at any Time the whole or any Part of the said Sum so invested or to be invested shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court, then and in such Case the Court may and shall direct the same or any Part thereof to be called in, or the Securities on which the same may be placed to be disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors; but it shall be lawful for the said Court, and the said Court shall, if enabled so to do, replace the Sum so called in, or any Sum which may have been called in, out of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Exchequer, before

Power to Court of Chancery to direct the Sura invested to be called in.

436

Court of Chancery to make Orders as to the arranging of Balances with the Bank,

Lord Chancellor may make Orders as to Charity Box Fund.

Offices of the Court of Exchequer abolished.

Pleadings, &c. in Causes, &c. in the Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity to be delivered to such Persons as the Master of the Rolls shall direct, and deemed Records of Court of Chancery;

certain other Records to be transferred to Chancery;

Cap. 51. Court tf Exchequer (Ireland). 13 & 14VtCf.

the Transfer of the said Stocks, Funds, and Securities to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery as aforesaid, by any new Investment or Investments of the like Nature out of the said common and general Cash, and so from Time to Time as Occasion may require to maintain the Fund provided by the said Act in Relief of the Charge on the Consolidated Fund by the said Act created.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to make such Orders from Time to Time as to him shall seem meet with respect to the Time and Manner of arranging the Balances of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery with the Bank of Ireland, and generally for carryingthis Act into complete Effect, so far as the same relates to the Business of the Office of the said Accountant General, and the Transfer of Property from the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, anything in any Act or Acts now in force to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to make such Orders as he shall think fit for regulating the Charity Box Fund of the said Court of Exchequer, and continuing the Fees and Fines now payable thereto upon the Proceedings and Matters hereby transferred to the said Court of Chancery, and also, if necessary, for consolidating the said Fund with the like Funds in the said Court of Chancery.

XII. And be it enacted, That on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty the Offices of the several Officers and Clerks on the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer shall be abolished.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all the Bills, Informations, Answers, Decrees, Affidavits, and Proceedings of the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity (except as aforesaid), and all Decrees and Minute Books, and all other Books and Documents whatsoever, relating exclusively to Proceedings in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity (except as aforesaid), shall on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or as soon after as conveniently may be, be delivered, by the several Officers of the said Court of Exchequer now having the Custody of the same, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Master of the Rolls to receive and take charge of the same, by Warrant under his Hand, approved of and countersigned by the Lord Chancellor; and from and after such Delivery the said Bills, Informations, Answers, Decrees, and other Proceedings shall be deemed Records of the Court of Chancery in the Custody of the Master of the Rolls as fully as if the same had originally been like Records of the said Court of Chancery; and all such of the other Records, Books, and Papers now in the Care and Custody of any of the Officers of the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer as shall be agreed upon between the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court shall be delivered

over

1850. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51. 437

oto Into the Hands and Care of such Person or Persons as shall he appointed by the Master of the Bolls to receive and take charge of them, by Warrant under his Hand, approved of and countersigned by the Lord Chancellor, subject nevertheless to such Regulations as the Master of the Rolls shall, with the Approbation of the Lord Chancellor and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time make touching the same; and all such further Records, Books, and Papers as and certain last aforesaid as may be so agreed upon as aforesaid by the Lord oth* Re<?0"jf Chancellor and the Lord Chief Baron shall be delivered over ti^Exche-into the Hands and Care of the Master on the Pleas Side of quer. the said Court of Exchequer, subject nevertheless to such Regulations as the said Master shall, with the Approbation of the said Lord Chief Baron and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time make touching the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor and the Power to Lord Master of the Rolls respectively shall from and after the said ^h^lcellor»^ First Day of August have such and the same Power to reverse, orden^the discharge, or alter Decrees or Orders of the said Court of Ex- Court of Exchequer, in Suits and Matters hereby transferred to the said cbe^uer-Court of Chancery, as they would have had if the same Decrees

or Orders had been made respectively in Suits or Matters depending in the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, that any Decree or Order of the Master of the Rolls reversing, discharging, or altering any Decree or Order of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be subject to be reversed, discharged, or varied by the Lord Chancellor.

XV. And be it enacted, That Acheson Lyle Esquire, the Appointment of present Chief Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, A- L7le» Esq-, shall, on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hun- f

dred and fifty, become by force of this Act a Master in Ordi- 1 nanccry* nary of the High Court of Chancery, in addition to the present Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, with the . like Privileges. Duties, Powers, Authority, and Jurisdiction which are now vested in or may be exercised by a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery; and he and his Successors shall take the usual Oaths before the Lord Chancellor, in like Manner as the same are at present administered to Masters in Orlinary of the said Court of Chancery; and all References which on the said First Day of August shall be depending beftre the Chief or Second Remembrancer on the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer shall be by force of this Act transferred to the said Acheson Lyle as a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery, and such other References shall also be made to the said Acheson Lyle by the said Court of Chantery as the Lord Chancellor shall by any General Order from Time to Time direct.

XVI. And be it enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, Her Majesty or Removal fran Office of the said Acheson Lyle9 and upon the empowered by Death, Resigmtion, or Removal from Office of any of his Sue- ^etter8.Ptatent cessors, it aha!) be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, Su^ors to

E e 4 by Mr. Lyle;

438

No new Appointment to be made whilst there be Four Masters without Consent of the Treasury.

Power to new Master to appoint Clerks *

New Master to have the like Salary and retiring Annuity as a Master appointed after passing of Act.

Certain Duties to be performed by the Master and Officers of the Pleas Side of the Exchequer.

Cap. 51. Court of Exchequer (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

by Letters Patent under the Great. Seal of Ireland, to appoint a fit and proper Person, qualified as now by Law provided in respect to the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court, to supply such Vacancy: Provided always, that no new Appointment of a Master in Ordinary of the said Court shall be made whilst there shall be Four Masters in Ordinary continuing in Office, unless the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall have given their Consent to the making of such Appointment.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Acheson Lyle Esquire, and his Successors in the Office of Master of the said Court of Chancery, shall have the same Powers and Privileges with respect to the Appointment of a Chief and Junior Clerk as are now or shall hereafter be exercised and enjoyed by the other Masters in Ordinary of the said Court; and such Chief Clerk and Junior Clerk respectively shall perform all the same Duties, with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Fees, and in all other respects, as the Chief Clerks and Junior Clerks of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery respectively now do or may for the Time being perform, and shall hold their respective Offices and be paid in like Manner as such Chief Clerks and Junior Clerks now do or may for the Time being hold their respective Offices and are now paid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Acheson Lyle Esquire shall be entitled to a Salary of the like Amount, and to the like Annuity on Retirement, as a Master in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery appointed after the passing of this Act will be entitled to under the Provisions herein contained; but in estimating the Period of Service of the said Acheson Lyle, with a view to the Amount of such Superannuation Allowance, it shall be lawful to reckon the Number of Years during which he has successively filled the Office of Chief or Second Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer along with those during which he may fill the Office of Master of the said Court of Chancery.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all the Duties now performed by the Officers of the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer in respect to Revenue Business, save so far as such Duties shall have been discharged in connexion with any Jurisdiction exercised or exercisable by the sail Court of Exchequer sitting | as a Court of Equity, shall fron and after the said First Day of August be discharged by the Mister and other Officers and the Assistants and Clerks of the Pleas Side of the said Court, in like Manner and in addition to tbi Duties specifically assigned to their Offices respectively by the Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign o; % Her Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate and reduce the Expense of the Offices attached to the Superior Courts of Common Law n Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund, each Officer, Assistant, and Clerk discharging such of the said Duties in Rerenue Business as are of a like Nature with the Duties dischargee by him under the said Act, and according as shall be from Time to Time

430 Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51.

directed and regulated by any General Order of the said Court of Exchequer; and such Duties shall in future form a Portion of the Duties of the said Offices of Master and other Officers in like Manner and as fully and effectually as if the same had been enumerated and specified in the said Act; and with respect to such Business the said Master and other Officers shall stand and be in the Place of the said Officers of the Equity Side of the said Court, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Fees now receivable by the Officers on the Equity Side of the said Court in respect to Revenue Business shall cease and determine and be no longer receivable, and that in lieu thereof the several Proceedings, Instruments, Matters, and Things with reference to which such Fees have been heretofore payable shall be respectively liable to the Law Fund Duties provided as to Proceedings, Instruments, Matters, and Things of a like Nature in and by an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, 'intituled An Act to grant for the Term of Five Years additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties, in Ireland, and in and by any other Act or Acts continuing the said last-mentioned Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Proceedings, Instruments, Matters, and Things had been specially mentioned and enumerated in and by the said Act and the Schedule thereunto annexed, and shall be deemed and taken to have been included therein, anything to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall also be the Duty of the said Master at the Pleas Side of the said Court of Exchequer to perform all such Duties as are now performed by the Officers of the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in respect to Matters not hereby transferred to the Court of Chancery, or otherwise specially provided for, and also to perform all such Duties in respect to the Audit of Sheriffs Accounts as are now performed by the Chief Remembrancer of the said Court, pursuant to an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for fad-titating the Appointment of Sheriffs in Ireland, and for the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Fees, Forfeitures, Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and to amend the Laws relating to Grants in custodiam and Recovery of Debts in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for transferring the Potoers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Great Britain; and the said Master shall have the like full Powers in all respects for all Purposes connected with the Audit and Declaration of the said several Accounts, as are now possessed by the said

Chief

Fees in respect to Revenue Business to cease, and Proceedings, &c. to be liable to Law Fund Duties in lieu thereof, pursuant to 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 112.

The Master on the Pleas Side also to perform all other Duties of the Equity Officers not otherwise provided for, and to audit Sheriffs Accounts.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 55. s. 31.

440

The Master of Exchequer to have to aid him in discharge of his Duties One of the Clerks now employed in the Revenue Business.

Master in Chancery to audit certain Accounts now audited by Remembrancers, pursuant to 7A8 Vict. c. 97.,

7 W. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 54., and 5 A 6 W. 4. c. 55. 6. 39.

Cap. 61. Court of Exchequer [Tfeland). 13 & 14 VICT#

Chief Remembrancer, and as fully as if the said Master had been specially named in the said Act for that Purpose.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Master shall have to aid him in the Discharge of the said Duties hereby transferred to him such One of the Clerks now employed in Revenue Business in the Secondary's Office of the said Court of Exchequer, hereby abolished, as shall be selected by the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court, and who shall be subject to the Control of the said Master, in like Manner with the other Clerks in the Offices under his Superintendence, and shall be entitled to receive such Salary as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds yearly, which Salary shall be payable in like Manner and out of the same Fund as provided for Payment of Salaries in and by the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty's Reign; and in the event of a Vacancy by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Clerk, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to authorize the said Master, if they shall think fit, to appoint another Person to such Vacancy, at such Salary not exceeding the Salary hereby authorized as to the said Commissioners shall appear proper.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That such One of the Masters of the Court of Chancery as shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor for that Purpose shall perform all such Duties as are now required to be performed by the Chief or Second Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, in respect to the Audits of the Accounts under a certain Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Application of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland, and under a certain other Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide more effectual Means to make Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland account for public Monies, and to secure the same, as also all such Duties as are required to be performed by the said Chief Remembrancer in respect to the Audit of such other public Accounts as may be specially referred to him by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth; and the said Master shall have the like full Powers in all respects for all Purposes connected with the Audit of the said several Accounts as are now by Law possessed by the said Chief or Second Remembrancers, and as fully as if the said Master had been specially named in each of said several Acts for that Purpose; and the said Master shall have to aid him in the Discharge of the said Duties relating to the said Accounts under the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty the several Clerks now authorized to be employed for that

185a

441

Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 51.

Purpose, or who may be from Time to Time authorized for that Purpose by like Authority, and which Clerks shall be paid out of the same Funds as heretofore, and be subject to the like Control by the said Master as heretofore by the B&id Chief Remembrancer.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Chief or Under Secre- Accounts of tary to the Lord Lieutenant shall audit and declare the Ac- £*ines counts of Fines and Penalties, pursuant to the Provisions of a ^dited"y° e certain Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Chief or Under Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Col- Secretary, under lection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Dcodands, Amerciaments, and % forfeited Recognizances in Ireland, and for the Appropriation

thereof; and the said Chief or Under Secretary shall possess all such Powers in that Behalf as are by the said Act or any other Acts now possessed by the said Chief or Second Remembrancer in respect to same, as fully and effectually as if he had been named in said Acts for that Purpose; and the said Chief and Under Secretary shall have to aid them in the Examination of the said Accounts the several Clerks now authorized to be onployed for that Purpose, or who may be from Time to Time authorized for that Purpose by like Authority, and which Clerks shall be paid out of the same Funds as heretofore, and be subject to the like Control by the said Chief or Under Secretary as heretofore by the said Chief or Second Remembrancer.

XXV. And be it enacted, That each and every Person Persons dehaving any Office or Employment on the Equity Side of the priYtd of Of. Court of Exchequer who shall by the Operation of this Act be deprived of such Office or Employment, or of any Emolu- thw Actend-ments arising therefrom, shall be entitled to make a Claim tied to claim for Compensation to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Trea- t, on gory; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in *ury. such Manner as they shall think fit, to inquire what was the

Nature of the Office or Employment, and what was the Tenure thereof, and what were the lawful Salary or Emoluments in respect of which such Compensation should be allowed; and the said Commissioners in each Case shall award such Compensations (if any) as shall be just; and all such Compensations shall be paid as herein-after directed: Provided always, that if any Person ceasing under this Enactment to be continued or employed as aforesaid shall be appointed by or after the passing of this Act to any public Office or Employment, the Payment of the Compensation awarded to him under this Act, so long as he shall continue to receive the Salary or Emoluments of such Office or Employment, shall be suspended, if the Amount of such Salary or Emoluments be greater than the Amount of such Compensation, or, if not, shall be diminished by the Amount of such Salary or Emoluments: Provided also, that an Account of all such Compensations shall, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be so granted, be laid upon the Table of the House of Commons, if Parliament be then assembled, or if Parliament be not

then

Compensations awarded under this Act to be paid out of Funds mentioned in 647 Vict. c. 55. and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 9a

If Funds inadequate, Deficiency to be paid out of Consolidated Fund, to be repaid as herein mentioned.

Cap. 51. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT,

then assembled, then within Fourteen Days after the meeting of Parliament then next assembled.

XXVI. And whereas, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and ' of another Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and (Commissions of Bankruptcy, and for providing One Office for (the Registry of all Judgments in Ireland, and for the amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions, the official Incomes of certain of the said Offi-

cers at the Equity Side of the said Court of Exchequer have been ascertained in the Manner by the said Acts directed, and the said Officers are entitled to receive as Compensation any Deficiency of such Incomes, after giving Credit for the net (Amount of Fees received by such Officers respectively in each Year, which Compensations are payable out of the Accounts and Funds mentioned in the said Acts respectively Be it enacted, That any Compensations to be as aforesaid awarded under the Authority of this Act to any of the said Officers whose Incomes have been so provided for under and by virtue of the said Acts shall be paid and payable to each such Officer out of the said Accounts and Funds in the said Acts respectively mentioned, so far as the same will extend; and in case the said Accounts and Funds shall be inadequate to the Payment of the whole Amount of the said Compensations to be awarded under this Act, the Amount of the said Compensations beyond what can be satisfied out of the said Accounts and Funds shall be charged upon and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by way of Advance in aid of the said Accounts and Funds, to be repaid as herein-after provided; and all other Compensations to be so as aforesaid awarded under the Authority of this 'Act shall be charged and chargeable and paid and payable, in the first place, upon and out of the Funds in the Bank of Ireland standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to the Credit of the Account called u An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Compensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery in Ireland as far as the same will extend, after Payment of prior Charges, and, in the next place, out of the Funds in the said Bank standing in the Name of the said Accountant General to the Credit of the Account called "The Suitors Fee Fund Account and in case both the Funds shall be inadequate to the Payment of the whole of such Compensations, the Amount of the Compensations beyond what can be so satisfied shall be charged and chargeable and paid and payable upon and out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by way of Advance in aid of the said Suitors Funds, to be repaid as herein-after provided; and every such Sum as and for annual Compensation to be awarded in pursuance of this

443

1850. Court of Exchequer (Inland). Cap. 51.

Act shall be payable and paid on every Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of October, the first Payment thereof to be made on the first of said quarterly Days which shall next follow the Day of the Commencement of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be paid and advanced by way of Compensation, under the Authority of this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the several Officers of the said Court of Exchequer whose Incomes have been so provided for under and by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, shall become and remain a Charge in favour of the Crown against the said Account called " An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Compensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland," and the several Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be so paid and advanced for or in aid of any other Compensations to be awarded under this Act shall become and remain a Charge in favour of the Crown against the same Account, and also against the said Account called An Account of the Interest and Produce of the Com-u pensation and Fee Fund of the Suitors of the Court of " Chancery in Ireland " and also against the said Account called "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," as far as the same will extend, after Payment of prior Charges, and the same shall be repaid to the proper Officers of Her Majesty's Exchequer, to be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, at such Times and in such Manner as the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall order and direct

XXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Salary affixed to the Office of Master in Chancery in England and of Master in Chancery in Ireland should be assimilated, and f for this Purpose that the Salary of any Master to be hereafter appointed in the Court of Chancery in Ireland shall be reduced to the same Sum as is now by Law payable for the Salary of a Master in the Court of Chancery in England: Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Kang George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in Ireland, as directs the Payment of the annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds Irish Currency to every Master of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and authorizes the Grant of Annuities to Persons who may or shall have executed the Office of Master as therein mentioned, shall, so far as regards every such Master to be appointed after the passing of this Act, be repealed, and in lieu of such annual Sum there shall be issued and paid and payable, during good Behaviour, to each and every Master of the said Court of Chancery in Ireland

Compensations to be a Charge in favour of the Crown against Suitors Funds.

Salaries of future Masters in Chancery in Ireland to be reduced to the same Amount as paid to Masters in England.

C. 4. c* 61.

444 Cap. 61. Court of Exchequer (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

land who shall be appointed after the passing of this Act, the annual Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, every such annual Sum to be issued in pursuance of this Act to be from Time to Time payable and paid quarterly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatever, on every Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of October in each Year.

Retired An-

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful te^iSed b*" ^or Her Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent

same Propor- under the Great Seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any tion as hitherto, Person who may or shall have executed the Office of Master ^wed&lariea. m Ordinary of the Court of Chancery for the Term of Twenty Years, or to any Person having executed such Office for any shorter Period not less than Ten Years, who shall after his Appointment to such Office have become afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, and who shall be desirous of resigning the same, an Annuity not exceeding One Half of his Salary in case the said Master shall have served in such Office Twenty Years, and not exceeding One Third of his Salary in case he shall have served for a shorter Period, and an Annuity not exceeding Two Thirds of his Salary in case such Master shall have served in such Office Twenty-five Years, and an Annuity not exceeding Five Sixths in case such Master shall have served in such Office for Thirty Years or more, in which Letters Patent the Cause or Ground for making thereof shall be distinctly stated and specified; and the Annuity so granted shall be paid accordingly* out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by even and equal quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, Fifth of April, Fifth of July, and Tenth of October in every Year, to such Master, from the Period at which he shall resign his said Office, for the Term of his natural Life, without any Deduction for Fees, Poundage, or otherwise. Provided always, that no Annuity shall in any Case be granted under this Act to any Master unless such Master shall have served in Office during the full Term of Ten Years.

Power to di-

XXX. And be it enacted, That if at any Time after the minish or in- Commencement of this Act it shall be found that the Esta-olnOffieen^and blishments of the Offices of the said Court of Chancery, or any their Salaries. of them, are in point of Number of Assistants or Clerks either excessive or insufficient, or that it is expedient either to diminish or increase the Salaries of the Officers, Assistants, or Clerks, or any of them, the Lord Chancellor shall notify the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, stating the Circumstances which may have caused any such Changes to be necessary or expedient, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, by their Warrant, to reduce or increase such Establishments

1850.

445

Court of Exchequer (Ireland). Cap. 61, 52.

blishments or Salaries, as the Case may require, provided that no Salary shall be so diminished unless when the Office or Employment for which it is payable shall be vacant; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to remove the requisite Number of Persons from any Office or Offices in which the Business shall have decreased to any Office or Offices in which it shall have increased, and every such Arrangement, Removal, or Appointment, Reduction or Increase, to be made by the said Commissioners shall be as good and valid as if the same had been made by, under, or by virtue of this Act, anything to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Interpretation Act the Expression " Her Majesty" shall mean also and include of Term8* the Heirs and Successors of Her Majesty; and the Expression "Lord Chancellor" shall mean also and include the Lora Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, for the Time being; and that Words in this Act importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender shall be understood to include several Matters as well as one Matter, and several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals; and this Act shall only extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may be amended, or repealed during this Session of Parliament. amended, &c.

CAP. LII.

An Act to make better Provision for the Interment of the Dead in and near the Metropolis.

\b\h August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make better Provision for the Interment of the Dead in and near the Metropolis Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster respectively, the Borough of Southwark, and the Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, shall for the Purposes of this Act be One Dirtrict, to be called "The Metropolitan Burial District."

U, And be it enacted, That the General Board of Health shall act in the Execution of this Act; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, by Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, to appoint One Member of such Board in addition to the Members of such Board which Her Majesty may be authorized to appoint under any other Act or Acts, and at Pleasure to remove the Member so appointed; and such Board

shall

London, Westminster, Southwark, and the Places named in Schedule (A.), to form " The Metropolitan Burial District."

General Board of Health to execute this Act.

Her Majesty may appoint an additional Member.

446

Board incorporated.

Power to Board to appoint and remove Assistant Secretary, Treasurer, &c.

Appointments limited to Duration of Appointments under Public Health Act.

Board to provide Offices.

Power to Board to provide Burial Grounds, and enlarge them if neces-tary.

Power to purchase Lands for Burial Grounds.

Power to Board to purchase Cemeteries.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

shall for the Purposes of this Act be One Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of "The General Board of Health," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall sue and be sued, and have Power and Authority (without any Licence in Mortmain) to take, purchase, and hold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the stud Board from Time to Time to appoint or employ, for the Purposes of this Act, an Assistant Secretary, a Treasurer, and such Clerks and Officers, and for and in each Burial Ground to be provided by the said Board under this Act a Warden, and such Assistants, Grave-diggers, and other Servants as they deem necessary, and to remove such Assistant Secretary, Treasurer, Clerks, Wardens, Officers, and Servants, or any of them.

IV. And be it enacted, That no additional Member of the said Board to be appointed under this Act, and no Assistant Secretary, Treasurer, or other Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, shall hold his Office after the Expiration of the Period for which " The Public Health Act, 1848," provides that the said General Board of Health shall be continued.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall provide such Offices as they may think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and for providing such Offices may purchase by Agreement or take on Lease any Lands which may appear to them convenient for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall from Time to Time provide, in such Places as, having regard to the Public Health, may appear to them expedient, and either within or without the Limits of the District, Burial Grounds of sufficient Extent for the decent Interment of the Bodies of all Persons dying within the District; and it shall be lawful for the said Board, from Time to Time, in case it appear to them necessary or expedient so to do, to enlarge any Burial Ground provided by them under this Act, and to make any Boad to such Burial Ground, or, with the Consent of the Owner of any existing Boad, or of the Persons in whom the Management thereof may by Law be vested, to widen or improve such existing Boad, for facilitating the Approach to such Burial Ground; and for providing any Burial Ground under this Act, or enlarging any such Burial Ground, or making, widening, or improving Roads or Approaches thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Board to purchase by Agreement any Lands which it may appear to them expedient to purchase for such Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act the said Board may, if they see fit, purchase and take by Agreement or otherwise all or any of the Cemeteries mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, subject to the Rights to Graves, Vaults, and Monuments subsisting therein, and, subject to such subsisting Bights, and save as herein-after mentioned, all the Provisions of this Act concerning Burial Grounds

provided

1850. Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 52, 447

provided thereunder shall extend to the Cemeteries purchased as aforesaid; provided that no such Cemetery shall be taken otherwise than by Agreement after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before the Before Pur-said Board enter into any Agreement for the Purchase of any chase of Lands as aforesaid for the Site of any Burial Ground, (save any Grounds*the suck Cemetery as aforesaid, or any L^nd required for enlarging Board to give any such Cemetery or Burial Ground,) they shall give public Six Weeks No-Notice, by Advertisement to be inserted not less than Twice in

each of Two daily Newspapers published in London or West- Tenders. minster9 inviting Tenders by Persons willing to sell Lands for the Purposes for which the same are required by the Baid Board; and no such Agreement for Purchase as aforesaid shall be entered into by the said Board until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Time of the Insertion of the First of such Advertisements.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Board to en- Board to enclose and lay out the Burial Grounds provided o^Burla^ under this Act, in such Manner, and to erect and make therein Ground *, erect such Buildings and other Works, as may appear to them fitting Buildings, and and proper, and to build in every such Burial Ground a suitable Chapel*. Chapel for the Performance of Burial Service according to the

Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, or where there is any Chapel already built and consecrated according to the Rites of the said United Church, in any Cemetery purchased under this Act, to enlarge such Chapel, if it appear to the said Board necessary so to do for the Performance of such Service; and every such Chapel, and every Burial Ground, provided under this Act, except such Portion thereof as may not be intended to be used for the Burial of the Dead according to the Rites of the said United Church, may be consecrated by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese within which such Chapel is situated; and every Chapel consecrated according to the Rites of the said United Church in any Burial Ground provided under this Act, and the Portion consecrated as aforesaid of every such Burial Ground, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Bishop, and no Service shall be performed in the Burial of the Dead in the Portion consecrated according to the Rites of the said United Church of any Burial Ground provided under this Act otherwise than according to the Rites of such Church.

X. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall from Time power to Board to Time appoint so many Clerks in Holy Orders as they may to appoint think necessary to be Chaplains to officiate in the Burial Grounds

provided under this Act, and such Chaplains shall be licensed an^subject

by and subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese, to the Juris-and the Consent of the Incumbent of the Parish in which any ot tho such Burial Ground may be situate shall not be required to the ls of *

Grant of any such Licence, and every such Licence shall be revocable by the said Bishop when he thinks fit; and the said Board may assign to such Chaplains such Duties in relation to

448 Cap. 62. Metropolitan Interment*. 13 & 14 VICT.

the Time and Place of the Performance of the Burial Service in the Portions consecrated as aforesaid of the Burial Grounds provided under this Act as the said Board may from Time to Time think fit; and the said Board shall have Power to remove Such Chaplains: Provided always, that the Incumbent of the Parish from which any Body is brought may, by himself or his Curate, upon giving Notice as herein-after mentioned, perform such Service over such Body, where he desires so to do, and, subject to the Rights of such Incumbent and the Regulations of the said Board, any other Clerk in Holy Orders not prohibited by the Bishop, nor under Ecclesiastical Censure, may perform Such Service.

A Portion of

XI. And be it enacted, That a Portion of every Burial Ground not to Ground provided under this Act shall not be consecrated as be consecrated, aforesaid, and the said Board may build thereon a suitable Chapel or Chapels for the Performance of Funeral Service; and so much of any of the Cemeteries mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) which shall be purchased under this Act as may not have been consecrated at the Time of such Purchase thereof, and may have been used or appropriated for the Purposes of Interment, shall remain unconsecrated, and where there is any Chapel on such unconsecrated Part of any such Cemetery the said Board may, if they think necessary, enlarge such Chapel for the Performance of Funeral Service.

Notice to be

XII. And be it enacted, That when the said Board have liondon Gazette Prov*ded any Burial Ground, and have made all such Arrange-when a Burial ments as they may think necessary for the Interment in such Ground is pro* Ground of the Bodies of the Dead, and after the Consecration vided under this of guc]1 Portion thereof as may require Consecration, they shall give Notice in the London Gazette that they have provided such Burial Ground, and that Interments may be made therein; and after such Notice Interments may be made in such Burial Ground under this Act.

Queen in Coun-

XIII. And be it enacted, That when the said Board shall

Re^rto^011 °P*n*on that Interment (otherwise than in the Burial

Boaid, order Grounds provided under this Act) should be discontinued. Discontinuance wholly or subject to any Exception or Exceptions, in any Part Ch^T'ard* 'n or *^>arte district, they shall report to Her Majesty their

&c urc yar Opinion accordingly, and so from Time to Time when the said Board shall be of opinion that Interment (otherwise than as aforesaid) should be so discontinued in any Part or Parts of the District in which such Interment has not been already ordered to be discontinued, or in any Place excepted from any former Order for the Discontinuance of Interment, they shall report to Her Majesty in like Manner; and at any Time after the Presentation of any such Report it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to order that after a Time mentioned in the Order Interment in the Churches, Chapels, and Churchyards, and other Burial Places, and elsewhere within any Part or Parts in any such Report or Reports and in such Order mentioned, of the District,

1850. Metropolitan Interment&. Cap. 52.

trict, shall be wholly discontinued, or shall be discontinued subject to any Exception or Exceptions mentioned in such Order; and any such Order may direct tthat the Care of any Non-parochial Burial Ground in which Interment is ordered to be discontinued shall be vested in the said Board, and may authorize such Board to cause such Ground to be fenced in such Manner as the said Board may think suitable, and otherwise to act in relation to such Ground as may appear to such Board fit and proper for securing due Respect to the Bodies interred therein, and for protecting the public Health; and every such Order shall be published in the London Gazette; provided that Notice of every such Report, and of the Time when it shall please Her Majesty to order that the same be taken into consideration by the Privy Council, shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels, or on some other conspicuous Places within the Part or Parts of the District to which such Report relates, One Calendar Month, or, where any Order made under "The Nuisances Removal and Diseases Prevention Act, 1848," directing the Provisions of that Act for the Prevention of epidemic, endemic, and contagious Diseases to be put in force, is in force within such Part or Parts, then Seven Days, at the least before such Report is so considered.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein contained, and the Regulations made under this Act, the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places within the District, (after the Time from which Interment has been ordered to be discontinued in the whole District,) or within any Part or Parts of the District in which Interment has been ordered to be discontinued, after the Time from which Interment has been ordered to be discontinued therein, shall have the same Rights of Sepulture in the Portions consecrated as aforesaid of the Burial Grounds provided under this Act as they respectively would have had in the Burial Grounds in and for their several Parishes and Places; and the Incumbent of every such Parish shall, by himself or his Curate, upon giving such Notice as may be required in this Behalf by any such Regulations as aforesaid, have the same Rights and Authorities for the Performance of Religious Service in the Burial of the Bodies of the Parishioners or Inhabitants of his Parish in the Portions consecrated as aforesaid of the Burial Grounds provided under this Act as if the same were Burial Grounds of such Parish; and the Parishioners and Inhabitants and the Incumbent of every such Parish and Place shall respectively have such Rights as aforesaid, notwithstanding the Exception from any Order for Discontinuance of Interment of any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds, or Right of Burial in any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds, in or belonging to any such Parish or Place, unless in such Order as aforesaid any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds so excepted be declared to be continued for such Parish or Place in lieu of all Rights of the Parishioners

449

Inhabitants of Parishes comprised in the District, or within any Part of the District, in which Interment is ordered to be discontinued, to have Right of Sepulture in Burial Grounds provided under this Act.

As to Interments in unconsecrated Portions of Burial Grounds.

After Publication of Order for discontinuing Interment, no Burial to take place contrary thereto.

Saving of certain Rights to bury in Vaults,

&c.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

and Inhabitants to Sepulture in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act; and for the Purposes of the Enactments of the Laws relating to the Poor which concern the Burial of the Bodies of poor Persons, and of all other Enactments under which Burials are authorized or directed to take place in the Burial Ground of or belonging to a Parish or Place, the Burial Grounds provided under this Act shall be deemed to be Burial Grounds of and belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the District.

XV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein contained, and the Regulations made under this Act, the Portion not consecrated as aforesaid of any Burial Ground provided under this Act shall be used for the Interment of the Bodies of Persons dying within the District, when the Relatives or other Persons having the Care and Direction of the Funerals desire to have such Bodies so interred; and such Bodies may be there interred in such Manner, and with such Religious Service, Rites, or Ceremonies, as such Relatives or Persons having the Care and Direction of the Funerals may think fit; and the said Board may, upon the Request of Members of separate Religious Denominations or Sects, and upon such Terms and Conditions, not inconsistent with the known Tenets or Usages of such Religious Denominations or Sects, as the said Board may think fit, permanently appropriate and set apart or cause to be enclosed separate Parts of the Portion not consecrated as aforesaid of any Burial Ground provided under this Act to be used for the exclusive Interment of the Bodies of Persons of such separate Religious Denominations or Sects.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after the Publication in the London Gazette of any Order of Her Majesty in Council made under this Act ordering the Discontinuance of Interment, it shall not be lawful, after the Time in such Order mentioned, to bury the Dead in any Church, Chapel, Churchyard, or Burial Place, or elsewhere, within any Part of the District in which Interment has by any such Order been ordered to be discontinued, except as in such Order excepted, and except in the Burial Grounds provided as aforesaid, and as otherwise authorized by this Act; and every Person who shall after such Time as aforesaid bury any Body, or in anywise act or assist in the Burial of any Body, in any such Church, Chapel, Churchyard, or Burial Place, or elsewhere, within any such Part as aforesaid of the District, except as in any such Order excepted, and except in any Burial Ground provided as aforesaid, or as otherwise authorized by this Act, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where by virtue of any Faculty legally granted, or by Usage or otherwise, there is, at the Time of the passing of this Act, any Right of Interment in or under any Church or Chapel, or in any Vault of any Church, Chapel, Churchyard, or Burial Ground, and where any exclusive Right of Interment in any

Cemetery

1850.

451

Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 52.

Cemetery or Burial Ground has been purchased or acquired before the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Board from Time to Time, on Application being made to them, and on being satisfied that the Exercise of such Right will not be injurious to Health, to grant Licence for the Exercise of such Right during such Time and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the said Board may think fit; but such Licence shall not prejudice or in anywise affect the Authority of the Ordinary, or of any other Person who if this Act had not been passed might have prohibited or controlled Interment under such Right, nor dispense with any Consent which would have been required, nor otherwise give to such Right any greater Force or Effect than the same would have had if this Act had not been passed.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Interment in the Cathedral Church of Saint PauTs London, or in the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter's Westminster, of the Body of any Person, where Her Majesty, by any Writing under Her Royal Sign Manual, shall signify Her Pleasure that the Body be so interred.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any such Order of Her Majesty in Council shall affect any Cemetery mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, and not previously purchased by the said Board, the Operation of such Order as to such Cemetery shall be suspended until the Compensation in respect of the Discontinuance of Interment in such Cemetery under such Order, which may be payable under this Act to the Company to which such Cemetery belongs, has been paid; and upon Payment of such Compensation such Cemetery shall vest in the said Board, subject to the Rights subsisting therein, so far as such Rights are not inconsistent with such Order as aforesaid or with the Provisions of this Act.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Relatives of any deceased Person, with the Consent of the Incumbent or other Person having the Care or Control of any Church, Chapel, Churchyard, Cemetery, or other Place within the District in which the Body of such deceased Person has been interred, and with the Consent of and subject to the Regulations of the said Board, and upon Payment of such Fees as may be fixed by the said Board, to cause such Body to be removed to and interred in any Burial Ground provided under this Act, without any Faculty for that Purpose.

XXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid upon all Interments in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act such Fees or Sums as the said Board shall from Time to Time fix in this Behalf, with the Approbation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and such Fees or Sums shall be paid to the Wardens of such Grounds, or such other Officers of the said Board as may be by them authorized to receive the same; and a Table of such Fees or Sums shall be printed and

Saving as to St. Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey.

Order to be suspended till Compensation Money is paid.

Power to remove Bodies to Burial Grounds provided under this Act.

Fees to be paid upon Interments.

452

Management of Burial Grounds to be vested in the Board.

Board may make Regulations as to Bu* rial Grounds and Interments therein.

Board not to permit Burials within 200 Yards of any Dwelling, or under or close to Chapels.

Register of Burials to. be kept, and to be Evidence, and subject to the Regulations of 6 & 7 W.4. c. 86. as to Searches.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments, ' 13 & 14 VICTi

published, and shall be fixed and continued on some conspicuous Part of every such Burial Ground.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall provide for the Maintenance, Planting, Decoration, and Care of the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, and shall have the Direction of the Order and Course in which such Grounds and the several Parts thereof shall be opened and used for the Purposes of Interment, and the Times at which Interments in such Burial Grounds may take place; and, subject to the Provisions of this Act, the general Management and Control of such Burial-Grounds shall be vested in and exercised by the said Board.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Board may make Regulations from Time to Time as to the Depth and Formation of Graves and Places of Interment, the Nature of the Coffins to be received in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, the Time and Mode of removing Bodies, the Notice to be given in respect of Funerals, and generally as to all Matters connected with the good Order of such Burial Grounds, and the convenient Exercise of the Rights of Interment therein; and such Regulations shall be printed and published, and shall be fixed and continued on some conspicuous Part of every such Burial Ground.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Board shall not permit any Body to be buried in any Burial Ground provided under this Act, and not previously used aa a Cemetery, within Two hundred Yards of the nearest Place on which any Dwelling is erected, except only any Dwelling or Dwellings of such Officer or Officers of the said Board as they may require to be resident on the Spot for the Care of any such Burial Ground; and no Body shall be buried under any Chapel in any such Burial Ground, nor within Ten Feet of the outer Wall of such ChapeL

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Burials within any Burial Ground provided under this Act, as well in the Part not consecrated as aforesaid as in the Part so consecrated, shall be registered in Register Books to be provided by the said Board and kept for that Purpose, according to the Laws in force by which Registers are required to be kept by the Rectors, Vicars, or Curates of Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts in England, by the Warden of such Burial Ground or other Officer appointed by the said Board to that Duty, in which Register Books shall be distinguished in what Parts of the Burial Ground, and whether in the Portion consecrated as aforesaid or the Portion not so consecrated of such Ground, the several Bodies the Burials of which are entered in such Register Books are buried; and such Register Books shall be kept or indexed so as to facilitate Searches for Entries in such Books in respect of Bodies brought from the several Parishes and Places within the District; and such Register Books, or Copies or Extracts therefrom, shall be received in all Courts as Evidence

1850. Metropolitan Interment#, Cap. 52, 453

dence of the Burials entered therein; and Copies or Transcript^ of such Register Books, signed by such Warden or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be from Time to Time sent to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court of the Bishop of London, to be kept with the Copies of the other Register Books of the Parishes within his Diocese; and the said Register Books, so far as respects Searches to be made therein and Copies and Extracts to be taken therefrom, shall be subject to the same Regulations as are provided by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for registering Births,

Deaths, and Marriages in England, so far as such Regulations relate to Register Books of Burials kept by any Rector, Vicar, or Curate,

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where the Body of anj Certificate of Person is buried in any Burial Ground provided under this Act, the Certificate of the Death of such Person having been coronas Cer-duly registered, or the Coroner's Certificate of his Order for tificate, to be the Burial of the Body of such Person, (as the Case may be,) Jehvered to by the said Act of the Seventh Year of King William the ^intedtTkeep Fourth required to be delivered to such Minister or officiating Burial Regis-Person as therein mentioned, shall be delivered to the Warden tcr8, or other Officer appointed to keep the Register Books of Burials in such Burial Ground; and if any Body is buried in such Burial Ground for which no such Certificate has been delivered to such Warden or other Officer as aforesaid, such Warden or Officer shall, within Seven Days next after the Burial of such Body, give Notice of such Burial to the Registrar of the District in which the Person whose Body was so buried died; and every such Notice shall contain the Name and Surname, Sex,

Age, Rank, Profession or Occupation, and the Residence at the Time of Death of the said Person, or as many of such Particulars as may be known to such Warden or other Officer; and such Warden or other Officer, upon Failure to give such Notice within the Time aforesaid, shall be subject to the Forfeiture imposed by the said Act on a Person burying or performing any Funeral or any religious Service for the Burial of any dead Body for which no such Certificate has been duly made and delivered, and not giving Notice thereof as thereby required, and the Provisions of the said Act for and with respect to the Recovery and Application of Forfeitures thereby imposed shall be applicable to such Forfeiture; and no Person, save such Warden or Officer as aforesaid, shall in the Case of any Burial in any such Burial Ground be subject to such Forfeiture for not giving Notice of such Burial to the Registrar.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Board may, at Board may pro-any Time after the passing of this Act, build or otherwise pro- 1^ Houses for vide, in such Places as they think fit, Houses for the Reception c«re of°Bodies and Care of* the Bodies of the Dead previously to and until previously to Interment, and make Arrangements for the Reception and Care Interment* of such Bodies therein, and appoint fit Officers for such Houses of Reception; and to carry into effect such Arrangements, and

454

Board may make Provision for Funerals being conducted at fixed Charges.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 Vict.

for providing such Houses of Reception, the said Board may purchase by Agreement or take on Lease such Lands or Buildings as they may think fit.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That for securing, in the Cases of Interments in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, to Persons having the Care and Conduct of the Funerals, the Means of having the same conducted according to a just and regulated Scale of Charges, the said Board may from Time to Time invite and receive Tenders for Contracts for the undertaking of such Funerals according to Classes arranged with reference to the Nature and Amount of the Matters and Services to be furnished and rendered, but so that in respect of the lowest of such Classes the Funeral may be conducted with Decency and Solemnity; and every such Tender shall specify the Parish or Place or several Parishes or Places from which the Person proposing to become a Contractor is willing to remove Bodies, and the Class or Classes and Number of Funerals he is willing to undertake; and the said Board may enter into such Contracts with any Persons as they may think necessary (each of which Contracts may extend to One Parish or Place or Part of a Parish or Place within the District, or include more than One such Parish or Place), binding such Contractors with the said Board to undertake during specified Terms or Periods Funerals of Persons dying within the Limits in such Contracts respectively mentioned, or any Class or Number of such Funerals, according to a fixed Scale of Payments, and with such Stipulations as may appear to the said Board necessary for insuring the decent Performance of such Funerals; and the said Board may, if they so think fit, enter into distinct Contracts for the furnishing and rendering by different Contractors of the various Matters and Services requisite for the Funerals in relation to which the said Board are herein-before authorized to enter into Contracts, and the said Board shall publish Notices of the Scale of Payments to be made for Funerals undertaken, or Matters or Services to be furnished or rendered, by such Contractors, and such other Notices as the said Board may think fit, for the Information and Convenience of Persons desirous of having Funerals conducted by such Contractors; and upon Notice by or on behalf of the Persons having the Care and* Direction of any such Funeral of their Desire to have the same conducted, or any Matters or Services requisite for the same furnished or rendered, as aforesaid, and of the Class according to which they are desirous the same should be so conducted, furnished, or rendered, being given to any Contractor who, according to the Terms of his Contract with the said Board, may be liable to undertake such Funeral, or to furnish or render such Matters or Services, such Contractor and the Party by or on behalf of whom such Notice may be given shall respectively have the like Rights and be subject to the like Liabilities in respect to the Performance of such Funeral, or the furnishing or rendering of such Matters or Services, (as the Case may be,) and

455

Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 52.

the Payment for the same, as if such Contractor had agreed with such Party to undertake the Funeral referred to in such Notice, and to furnish and render all such Matters and Services, and of such Nature and Description, as by the Scale fixed by his Contract with the said Board shall be prescribed in this Behalf in respect of the Class mentioned or referred to in such Notice, or (as the Case may be) to furnish or render the Matters or Services required by such Notice according to such Scale, in consideration of Payment according to such Scale.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Board of Health and the Directors of any Railway Company, if they shall see fit, to contract for the carrying out of Bodies in properly constructed Carriages on the Line of Railway of such Company to any Burial Ground provided under this Act, and for the carrying to and from such Burial Ground of the Mourners and Attendants of the Bodies so carried, at such Prices and Charges, and for such Term of Years, as may be agreed, and every Contract so entered into by the Directors of any Railway Company shall be binding on such Company and on all future Directors thereof, anything to the contrary in any Act or special Act of such Company notwithstanding, and during the Term of such Contract such Railway Company shall carry as aforesaid any of the Bodies to be removed to the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, and the Mourners and Attendants (where the Persons having the Direction of the Funerals desire to have them so carried), at the Rate of Charge specified in such Contract: Provided always, that the Charges agreed and contracted for with the said Board shall not prejudice such Railway Company as to their Charges for carrying any Bodies other than the Bodies to be removed to the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, or as to their Charges for the general Business of carrying ordinary Passengers or Things, anything in any Act or special Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Board may at any Time after the passing of this Act appoint medical or other Officers, who in the Case of Deaths within the District may, where the Persons having the Direction of the Funeral of the Deceased so desire, cause the Body of the Deceased to be decently removed to One of the Houses for the Reception of the Dead provided under this Act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the Member appointed under this Act of the said Board the annual Sum herein-after mentioned in that Behalf, and to the Assistant Secretary, Treasurer, and Clerks, Chaplains, Wardens, and other Officers and Servants appointed for the Purposes of this Act by the said Board, such Salaries, Stipends, and Wages as shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That to compensate Incumbents for Loss of Fees the said Board shall, in respect of the

Burial

Board of Health may enter into Contracts with Railway Companies for carrying out Bodies, together with Mourners, &c.

Board may provide for Removal, on Request of Relatives, of Bodies to Houses of Reception.

Additional Member and Officers of Board to be paid such Salaries as Treasury may appoint.

Compensation to Incumbents.

45Q Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments, 13 & 14 VICT.

Burial within the consecrated Part of any Burial Ground provided under this Act of any Body removed from any Parish within the District (save where such Body is buried at the Expense of any Union or Parish), pay to a separate Account to be kept by the Treasurer of the said Board, to be called "The Burial Service and Incumbents Compensation Fund," the Sum of Six Shillings and Two-pence, and where such Body is buried at the Expense of any Union or Parish a Sum not exceeding One Shilling, and the Board shall, out of the Monies paid to the said Account, pay the Salaries of all the Chaplains of the said Board, and shall apply the Residue of such Monies, so far as the same will extend, in Payment to the Incumbent of every Parish within the District in which Interment is discontinued under this Act an Annuity during his Incumbency of such an Amount as the Board, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall fix as a just Compensation for the Loss of Receipts in respect of Burials, to be calculated on the Average of the Receipts in respect of Burials by the Incumbents of such Parish during the Five Years next before the passing of this Act; and no Incumbent shall be entitled, under any Act of Parliament or otherwise, to any Payment, save as herein provided, in respect of any Interment under this Act in any Cemetery purchased by the said Board, or in respect of the Removal of any Body previously interred to any Burial Ground provided under this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, upon any Vacancy in the Incumbency of any such Parish, to reduce the Amount of the Annuity to be thenceforth payable as aforesaid to the Incumbent of such Parish, in case it appear to them, having regard to the Duties of such Incumbent, and the Value of the Living, independently of any Annuity under this Act, just and expedient so to do; and the Surplus, if any, from Time to Time of the Monies paid to the said Account, after satisfying all the Purposes aforesaid, may, with the Approbation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State and of the Bishop of the Diocese, be applied by the said Board in augmentation of the Incomes of the Incumbents or Ministers of any new Parishes, District Parishes, or District Chapelries formed within the several Parishes from which such Surplus may have arisen, and as near as may be according to the Proportions in which such several Parishes may have contributed to such Surplus: Provided always, that no Income shall be augmented under this Provision so as to exceed Three hundred Pounds a Year. Compensation

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That for compensating Clerks ^xtons*Rnd an<* Sextons for the Loss of Fees and Sums now received in respect of Interments the said Board shall ascertain the yearly Average during the Five Years ending on the Day of the passing of this Act, in pursuance of any Order under this Act, of the Fees and Sums received by the Clerk and Sexton of such Parish in respect of Interments in the Church and Burial

Ground

1850, Metropolitan Interment *, Cap. 52. 457

Ground of such Parish, and (under any Act of Parliament or otherwise) of Interments in any Cemetery of Bodies removed from such Parish; and the said Board shall, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, pay to any Person who is at the Time of the passing of this Act, and on the Day from which Interment is discontinued as aforesaid continues to be. Clerk or Sexton of such Parish, and so long only as he continues to be such Clerk or Sexton, an Annuity of such Amount as may appear to the said Board to be a just Compensation for such average Receipts as aforesaid of the Clerk or Sexton respectively of such Parish, having regard to the Duties, and Payment (if any) in respect of Duties, from which such Clerk or Sexton respectively is relieved by the Discontinuance of Interment; and all Fees or Payments accruing under any Act of Parliament or otherwise to the Clerk or Sexton of any Parish, after the Time from which Interment i* under this Act ordered to be discontinued therein in respect of Interments in any Cemetery of Bodies removed from such Pariah, shall be paid over by such Clerk or Sexton to the said Board, to be by them applied as other Monies received by them under this Act; and after the Purchase of any Cemetery by the said Board all such Fees and Payments in respect of Interments therein shall cease to be payable; Provided always, that where the said Board provide Employment under this Act for any Sexton who would be entitled to any such Annuity as aforesaid, such Sexton shall not, in case the annual Amount of the Emoluments arising from such Employment be equal to or exceed the Amount of such Annuity, be entitled to receive any Payment in respect of such Annuity for the Time during which he continues in such Employment and in the Receipt of such Emoluments, or in case the annual Amount of such Emoluments be less than the Amount of such Annuity, then such Sexton shall be entitled to receive (for the Time he continues in such Employment and in Receipt of such Emoluments) in respect of such Annuity the Difference only between the annual Amount of such Emoluments and such Annuity.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where Fees or any compensation Portion of Fees payable on Interments in any Burial Ground to be made for or Place of Burial in which Interments may be discontinued under the Provisions of this Act are by Law payable to the purposes. Churchwardens or Vestrymen of any Parish or Trustees or other Persons for or towards any Parochial Purpose or the Discharge of any Debt or Liability, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct Payment to be made by the said Board to such Churchwardens, Vestrymen, Trustees, or other Persons after Discontinuance of Interment in such Burial Ground or Place of Burial, under the Provisions of this Act, as Compensation for the Loss of such Fees or Portion of Fees, of an Annuity of such Amount and to be payable during such Term as may appear to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury just, having regard to the Sums received in respect of such Fees

or

Cap. 52.

Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 Vict.

Debts incurred by Parishes for Purchase of Burial Grounds to be discharged by Board where the Parishes are not entitled to be compensated by Annuity.

Compensation in respect of Non-parochial Burial Grounds.

Power to compensate individual Rights in closed Burial Places by the Grant of equivalent Rights

or Portion of Fees and of any Expenses from which such Parish may be relieved by the Discontinuance of Interments under this Act, and to the Purposes to which such Fees or Portion of Fees were or was legally applicable, such Loss to be calculated on the Average of the Sums so received, and of such Expenses as aforesaid, during the Five Years next before the passing of this Act.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That where any Burial Ground or Land for a Burial Ground for any Parish has been purchased by any Persons by Law authorized in that Behalf, and any Debt incurred by or on behalf of such Parish in respect of the Purchase Money of such Ground or Land, or of any Money borrowed for Payment thereof, or any Annuities or Annuity granted in respect of any such Purchase Money, shall at the Time of the Discontinuance under this Act of Interment in such Burial Ground remain owing from or charged upon such Parish, or upon any Property thereof or Rates to be raised therein, and no Annuity shall be payable under the Provision herein-before contained to the Churchwardens or other Persons on behalf of such Parish as Compensation for the Loss of any Fees or Portion of Fees on Interments in such Burial Ground, such Parish and such Property and Rates respectively shall be indemnified by the said Board against such Debt, and all Interest to accrue thereon after the Time of such Discontinuance of Interment, and ail Sums to accrue payable after such Discontinuance in respect of such Annuities or Annuity.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Order for the Discontinuance of Interment as aforesaid shall affect any Burial Ground other than the Burial Ground of any Parish, Compensation shall be made by the said Board to all Persons interested in such Burial Ground for the Loss or Damage which may be sustained by them by reason of the Discontinuance of such Interments as might lawfully have been made in such Ground in case Interment therein had not been discontinued under this Act, provided such Persons shall within Three Calendar Months after the Time from which Interment is, under such Order as aforesaid, to be discontinued in such Ground, state in Writing to the said Board the Particulars of their Claim for such Loss or Damage; and the Expense which may be occasioned to any Body or Sect by the Necessity of making other Provision for such Interments as might lawfully have been made in such Ground shall be deemed Loss or Damage within this Enactment, and may be claimed by the Trustee or Trustees, or a Majority of the Trustees, of such Ground, though no Profit or Income would have been derived from such Interments.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Vault or Right of Interment in any Place of Burial in which Interment is discontinued under this Act has been acquired before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and is at the Time of such Discontinuance of Interment vested in any Person as private Property, the said Board may and shall.

on

Metropolitan Interments.

Cap. 52.

459

in the new Grounds.

Fee may, at the Request of Relatives, be paid to Minister performing Service on Interments in unconsecrated. Ground.

Money received by Officers to be paid into the Bank.

on Application being made to them within Six Calendar Months from the Time from which Interment is so discontinued, grant such Vault or Right of Interment in any Burial Ground provided under this Act as may be a just Equivalent for such first-mentioned Vault or Right.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Board, on the Request of the Relatives or other Persons having the Care and Direction of the Funeral, to pay to the Minister or Person performing Religious Rites or Service on the Interment of any Body in the unconsecrated Portion of any Burial Ground provided under this Act (save where such Body is buried at the Expense of any Union or Parish) such Fee not exceeding Six Shillings and Two-pence, and when such Body is buried at the Expense of any Union or Parish such Fee not exceeding One Shilling, as the said Board may think fit

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Fees and Sums which shall be received under this Act by the Wardens or other Officers or Servants of the said Board on account of the said Board shall be by such Wardens or Officers receiving the same forthwith paid to the Treasurer of the said Board, and by such Treasurer forthwith paid into the Bank of England, to the Credit of an Account to be intituled " The Account of the General Board of Health under the Metropolitan Interments Act, 1850."

XL. And be it enacted, That before the Treasurer or any Officer or Servant appointed under this Act shall enter upon any Office or Employment under the Board by reason whereof he will or may be intrusted with the Custody or Control of Money, the said Board shall require and take from him such Security for the faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, and for duly accounting for all Monies which may be intrusted to him by reason thereof, as they may think sufficient.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the Money to be paid into the Bank of England under this Act shall be paid out upon Drafts or Orders signed by the Treasurer, and countersigned by Two or more Members of the said Board.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Expenses of providing Burial Grounds, and the Salaries and Wages of the Member to be appointed under this Act of the said Board, and of all Officers and Servants of the said Board appointed under this Act, the Stipends of the Chaplains under this Act, and all other Expenses of the said Board under this Act, inclusive of the Compensations to be paid by them thereunder, shall be defrayed out of the Fees and Sums to be received by them under this Act, and in case such Fees or Suras be at any Time insufficient to defray all such Expenses, out of any Rate or Rates to be made under this Act.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Salary of the additional Salary ofaddi-Member of such Board to be appointed and fixed as aforesaid Meber shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, Health °

and

Treasurer and others intrusted with Money to give Security for duly accounting for the same.

As to Payments out of the Bank.

Expenses under this Act to be defrayed out of Monies received thereunder.

Fees, Payments, and Rates may be mortgaged.

No Priority amongst Mortgagees.

Commissioners of Public Works acting under 58c 6 Vict c. 9. may make Advances to the Board.

Money may be borrowed at lower Rates of Interest to pay off Securities bearing a higher Rate.

Power to borrow Money to pay off former Mortgages.

Cap. 62. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 Vict.

and shall be defrayed out of the Fees and Sums received by the said Board under this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Board, for the Purposes of defraying any Expenses incurred or to be incurred by them in the Execution of this Act, and with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sums of Money necessary for defraying any such Expenses; and for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of any Sums so borrowed, together with such Interest as aforesaid, the said Board may mortgage and assign over to the Persons by or on behalf of whom such Sums are advanced all or any of the Fees and Payments to be received under this Act, and also the Rates to be made and collected under this Act; and the respective Mortgagees shall be entitled to a Proportion of the Fees, Payments, and Rates comprised in their respective Mortgages according to the Sums in such Mortgages mentioned to have been advanced; and each Mortgagee shall be entitled to be repaid the Sum so advanced, with Interest, without any Preference over any other Mortgagee or Mortgagees by reason of any Priority of Advance or the Date of his Mortgage.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Second Session of the Fifth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount, for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend, the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes, and in the Execution of any of the Acts recited in that Act, or of any Act or Acts for amending or continuing the same Acts or any of them, to make Advances to the said Board, upon the Security of all or any of the Fees, Payments, and Rates to be received or made and collected by the said Board under this Act, and without requiring any further or other Security than a Mortgage of such Fees, Payments, and Rates.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That if the said Board can at any Time borrow at a lower Rate of Interest than that secured by any Mortgage previously made by them, and then outstanding and in force, it shall be lawful for them, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, so to borrow accordingly, in order to pay off and discharge any of the Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, and to charge the Fees, Payments, and Rates which they are authorized to mortgage under this Act with Payment of the Sum so borrowed, together with the Interest thereon, in such Manner and subject to such Provisions as are herein contained with respect to other Monies borrowed upon Mortgage.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if at the Time appointed in any Mortgage Deed for Payment of any Principal Money secured thereby the said Board are unable to pay off the same,

1850.

461

Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 62.

it shall be lawful for them, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow such Sum of Money as may be necessary for the Purpose of paying off the whole or any Part of the said Principal Money, and to secure the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, and the Interest to be paid thereon, in the same Manner in all respects as in the Case of Money borrowed for defraying Expenses incurred by the said Board in the Execution of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every Mortgage autho- Form of Mort-med to be made under this Act shall be by Deed duly sa«e* stamped, truly stating the Date, Consideration, and the Time of Payment, and shall be sealed with the Seal of the said Board, and may be made according to the Form contained in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, or with such Variations or Additions in each Case as the said Board and the Party advancing the Money intended to be thereby secured may agree upon; and there shall be kept at the Register of principal Office of the said Board a Register of the Mortgages Mortgages, under this Act; and within Fourteen Days after the Date of any Mortgage an Entry shall be made in the proper Register of the Number and Date thereof, and of the Names and Descriptions of the Parties thereto, as stated in the Deed; and every such Register shall be open to public Inspection during Office Hours at the said Office, without Fee or Reward; and any Clerk or other Person having the Custody of the same, refusing to allow such Inspection, shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the said Board may, if they Repayment of think proper, fix a Time or Times for the Repayment of all Money or any Principal Monies borrowed under this Act, and the ^g^dupon? Payment of the Interest thereof respectively, and may provide for the Repayment of such Monies, with Interest, by Instalments or otherwise, as they may think fit; and in case the said Board fix the Time or Times of Repayment, they shall cause such Time or Times to be inserted in the Mortgage Deed; and at the Time or Times so fixed for Payment thereof, such Principal Monies and Interest respectively shall, on Demand, be paid to the Party entitled to receive the same accordingly; and if no other Place of Payment be inserted in the Mortgage Deed, the Principal and Interest shall be payable at the principal Office of the said Board.

L. And be it enacted, That, unless otherwise provided by Interest on any Mortgage, the Interest of the Money borrowed thereupon Mortg^es to shall be paid half-yearly; and if no Time be fixed in the Mort- yearly. sage Deed for the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, the Repayment of Party entitled to receive such Money may, at the Expiration or Money bor-at any Time after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Date of such Deed, demand Payment of the Principal Money haTbeen agreed thereby secured, with all Arrears of Interest, upon giving to upon, the wud Board Six Calendar Months previous Notice for that Purpose;

Interest to cease on Expiration of Notice to pay off a Mortgage Debt.

Account Books to be open to Mortgagees.

Transfer of Mortgages.

Register of Transfers.

Board may form a sinking Fund for Discharge of Mortgages.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

Purpose; and in the like Case the said Board may at any Time pay off the Money borrowed, on giving the like Notice to the Party entitled as aforesaid, or by Advertisement in the " London Gazette and if the said Board have given Notice of their Intention to pay off any such Mortgage at a Time when the same may lawfully be paid off by them, then, at the Expiration of such Notice, all further Interest shall cease to be payable thereon, unless, on Demand of Payment made pursuant to such Notice, or at any Time thereafter, the said Board fail to pay the Principal and Interest due at the Expiration of such Notice on such Mortgage.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Books of Account of the said Board shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of the Mortgagees or Transferees of Mortgagees under this Act, with Liberty to make Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward; and any Clerk or other Person having the Custody of such Books, and refusing to allow such Inspection or such Extracts to be made, shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LII. And be it enacted, That any Mortgagee or other Person entitled to any Mortgage under this Act may transfer his Estate and Interest therein to any other Person by Deed duly stamped, truly stating its Date, the Names and Descriptions of the Parties thereto, and the Consideration for the Transfer; and such Transfer may be according to the Form contained in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and there shall be kept at the principal Office of the said Board a Register of the Transfers of Mortgages under this Act; and within Thirty Days after the Date of such Deed of Transfer, if executed within the United Kingdom, or within Thirty Days after its Arrival in the United Kingdom if executed elsewhere, the same shall be produced to the Clerk or other Person having the Custody of such Register, who shall, upon Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings, cause an Entry to be made in such Register of its Date, and of the Names and Description of the Parties thereto, as stated in the Transfer; and upon any Transfer being so registered the Transferee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest secured thereby; and every such Transferee may in like Manner transfer his Estate and Interest in any such Mortgage; and no Person, except the Person to whom the same shall have been last transferred, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be entitled to release or discharge any such Mortgage, or any Money secured thereby.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in order to provide a Fund for the Discharge of any Money which has been borrowed under the Powers*of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Board from Time to Time to cause any Money received by them under this Act, and which for the Time being shall not be required

1850.

Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 52. 463

for any other Purposes of this Act, to be invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, or Government Stocks, Funds, or Securities, and from Time to Time to cause to be invested in like Manner the Interest and Dividends thereof, so as to accumulate the same at Compound Interest, until the same can be applied for the Discharge of such Money borrowed, or for any other Purposes of this Act.

LIV. And be it enacted, That after Interment has been After Discon-ordered to be discontinued within the District or any Part ^nuance of thereof, in case it appear to the said Board that the Fees and onSefi^* Sums received by them under this Act will be insufficient in ciency of other any Year to defray their Expenses, and to provide for the Payments in respect of Monies borrowed under this Act, it shall be ordCT Q^m lawful for the said Board, with the Approbation of the Com- seem to levy a missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and One of Her Majesty's Rate' Principal Secretaries of State, to issue a Warrant under their Seal to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township,

Precinct, or Place within the District (where Interment has been ordered to be discontinued in the whole District), or the Part thereof within which Interment has been ordered to be discontinued, by which Warrant they shall command the said Overseers, out of the Money collected for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, to pay the Amount mentioned in the Warrant for the Purposes of this Act, or to levy such Amount as a Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, and that the Overseers shall pay over the Amount mentioned in the Warrant to the Treasurer of the said Board, within Forty Days from the Delivery of such Warrant to any One of the Overseers:

Provided always, that the Sum to be so paid for the Purposes Not to exceed of this Act shall not exceed in the whole in any One Year the J* "

Rate of One Penny in the Pound on the full and fair annual oYe*r*lc-Value of all Property rateable for the Relief of the Poor within cording to the such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, such full and fair Valuation for annual Value to be computed according to the last Valuation County for the Time being acted upon in assessing the County Rate, where any County Rate is assessed on such Parish, Township,

Precinct, or Place; and the Warrant shall specify the Rate in the Pound at which the Sum mentioned therein shall be computed: Provided also, that the said Board may issue such Warrant as aforesaid to the Overseers of any Parish, Township,

Precinct, or Place, notwithstanding the Exception from any Order for Discontinuance of Interment of any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds, or Right of Burial in any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds, in or belonging to any such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, unless in such Order as aforesaid any Burial Ground or Burial Grounds so excepted be declared to be continued for such Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place, in lieu of all Rights of the Parishioners and Inhabitants to Sepulture in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act.

LV. And be it enacted, That where any Persons other than to be the Overseers of the Poor, by virtue of any Office or Appoint-

464 Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 Vict.

ment, are authorized and required to make and collect or cause to be collected the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the Metropolitan Burial District; such Persons, by whatsoever Title they may be called, shall be deemed to be Overseers of the Poor within the Meaning of this Act, and to be included under and denoted by the Words "Overseers of the Poor," for all the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if they were commonly called or known by the Title of Overseers of the Poor.

* hall B

VI. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor

Burial ^ate in evei7 Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place within the the same Man- Metropolitan Burial District, to whom any such Warrant as ner at the Poor aforesaid shall be issued, shall pay the Amount mentioned in the Warrant out of any Money in their Hands collected for the

Relief of the Poor; and if there be no such Money in their Hands, or an insufficient Sum, they shall levy the Amount required as a Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, and shall for that Purpose proceed in the same Manner, and have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges as for levying Money for the Relief of the Poor; and such Overseers shall pay to the said Treasurer the Amount mentioned in the Warrant within the Time specified for that Purpose, and at the Time of making any Payment to the said Treasurer shall deliver fo him a Note in Writing signed by them, specifying the Amount so paid, which Note shall be kept by the said Treasurer as a Receipt of the Voucher for his Receipt of that particular Amount; and the Sr^ufficiMt11 of the said Treasurer, specifying the Amount paid to

Discharge. him by the Overseers, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Overseers for such Amount, and shall be allowed as such in passing their Accounts with their respective Parishes, Townships, Precincts, or Places.

Overseers, on

LVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Amount ordered shillf ky such Warrant as aforesaid to be paid by the Overseers in be distrained any Parish, Township, Precinct, or Place in the Metropolitan upon; Burial District shall not be paid to the said Treasurer within the Time specified for that Purpose in the Warrant, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint by the said Treasurer, to issue his Warrant for levying the Amount, or so much thereof as may be in arrear, by Distress and Sale of l^rtrww the Goods of all or any of the said Overseers; and in case

Arrears may be the Goods of all the Overseers shall not be sufficient to pay the -re-levied on the same, the Arrears thereof shall be added to the Amount of the Pansh. next LeVy which shall be directed to be made in such Parish,

Township, Precinct, or Place for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be collected by the like Methods.

Power to

LVIII. And be it enacted, That any Member of the said

inspect County Board, or any Person having an Order for that Purpose under Rate*T&c. the Hands of Two Members of the said Board, may inspect any County Rate made or to be made for any County any Part of which shall be situate within the Metropolitan Burial District, and may also inspect any Returns concerning all or any of the Parishes, Townships, Precincts, and Places, whether

parochial

465

Metropolitan Interments.

Cap. 52.

18561

parochial or extra-parochial, in the said District, delivered or to be delivered in pursuance of any of the Acts relating to County Rates, and may take Copies or Extracts from any such Rates or Returns without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and if any Person having the Custody of any such Rate or Return shall wilfully neglect or refuse to permit any such Member or other Person to inspect the same, or to take Copies or Extracts from the same, within Two Days after such Order shall have been produced and shown to him, or a Copy thereof left at his usual Place of Abode, he shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LIX. And whereas it is expedient to provide for those 1 Precincts and Places in the Metropolitan Burial District in which no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor, or in which Property may be deemed not to be rateable thereto: Be it therefore enacted, That the respective Inhabitants and Occupiers of all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in any Precinct or Place, whether parochial or extra-parochial, in the Metropolitan Burial District, although such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may not be rated to the Relief of the Poor, or may be deemed not to be rateable thereto, shall nevertheless be liable to contribute under this Act as if the Property so inhabited or occupied were rateable and rated to the Relief of the Poor; and the said Board may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Seal, appoint a proper Person to be an Assessor, for the Purpose of assessing the full and fair annual Value of such Property, and rating the same to a Rate to be levied under this Act: Provided always, that the Sum to be so levied shall not exceed in the whole in any One Year the Rate of One Penny in the Pound on the full and fair annual Value of such Property; and such Assessor shall, within Forty Days after the Delivery to him of the Warrant of his Appointment, make, sign, and return to the said Board an Assessment for the Precinct or Place named in such Warrant; and the Assessment shall be fairly written in a Book, and shall specify, in different Columns, the Names of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the full and fair annual Value of the same, and the Amount of Rate charged on the Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof, and, when the Premises shall* be unoccupied, the full and fair annual Value thereof to let; and every such Assessor shall be allowed for his Trouble and Expenses such Remuneration as the said Board, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall direct, and the same shall be paid out of the Amount of the Rate which shall be collected after such Assessment.

LX. And be it enacted, That when such Assessment shall have been allowed by the said Board, public Notice of such Assessment, and of the Place where the same may be inspected, shall be given by fixing such Notice on the Door of the Church

Gg 2

or

Provision for assessing and levying Rate in those Places within the District where there is no Poor Rate.

Mode of making the Assessment.

Allowance to Assessors.

When Assessment is made. Notice thereof shall be given, and all Persons included in the

Assessment shall have Liberty to inspect it, &c.

Penalty for refusing such Inspection.

Collection of the Rate charged in such Assessment.

Appeal against Assessment.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

or Chapel or some other conspicuous Part of the Precinct or Place to which such Assessment shall relate, upon the Sunday next or next but one after the same shall have been so allowed*; and any Person in whose Custody such Assessment may be shall permit every Inhabitant or Occupier of Property included in such Assessment to inspect the same, and to make any Extracts therefrom, without Payment of any Fee or Reward; and if such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse to permit any such Inhabitant or Occupier to inspect such Assessment, or to make any Extract therefrom, he shall fur every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXI. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall from Time to Time nominate One or more Person or Persons for levying the Amount of Rate charged in every such Assessment, who shall proceed in the same Manner, and shall have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges, and shall be subject to the same Regulations and Penalties, with refe rence to the levying of such Rate, as if he or they were an Overseer or Overseers of the Poor in a Precinct or Place rated to the Relief of the Poor, and shall pay over the Amount of such Rate to the Treasurer of the said Board, or in default thereof shall be proceeded against in the same Manner as Overseers are by this Act to be proceeded against for Nonpayment.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who shall have paid the Amount of Rate charged upon him by the Assessment made by an Assosor appointed under this Act shall think himself aggrieved by such Assessment, on the Ground that such Assessment includes any Property for which he is not rateable under this Act, or that it assesses his rateable Property beyond its full and fair annual Value, or that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of such Assessment, or that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its full and fair annual Value, the Person so aggrieved may appeal to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions which shall be holden for the County, Corporation, or Franchise in which the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, not less than Twenty-one Days after public Notice of such Assessment shall have been given as herein-before mentioned; provided that the Person so intending to appeal shall give to the said Board a Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, Ten clear Days at the least before such Sessions, and shall also, within Three Days after his Notice of Appeal, enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Corporation, or Franchise, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at the said Sessions, and to abide the Order of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded; and in case such Person shall appeal on the Ground that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of the Assessment, or that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its

1850.

Metropolitan Interments.

Cap. 52.

467

M and fair annual Value, the Party so appealing shall not only give Such Notice of Appeal to the said Board, and enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, but shall also give a like Notice of Appeal to the Person or Persons so interested in the Event of such Appeal as aforesaid, and shall enter into a like Recognizance within the Times herein-before respectively mentioned; and the Person or Persons so interested shall, if he or they shall desire it, be heard upon the Appeal; and the Jus- The Aswss-tice8 of the Peace at such Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of the Notice having been given, and neve the Appel, of the Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hmt without hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal in a summary Manner, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as the said Justices shall think proper; and in case the said Justices shall think the Appellant entitled to Relief, they shall order the Assessment to be amended in such Manner as may be necessary for giving him Relief, and shall also order any Money paid by him which he was not liable to pay to be returned to him; and in case he shall have appealed on the Ground that any Person or Persons is or are omitted out of the Assessment, the said Justices may order the Name or Names of such Person or Persons to be inserted in the Assessment, and to be therein rated at such Amount as they shall deem just; and in case the Appellant shall have appealed on the Ground that the Property of any Person or Persons is assessed below its full and fair annual Value, the said Justices may order the Amount at which such Person or Persons is or are rated in the Assessment to be altered in such Manner as they shall deem just; and the proper Officer of the Court shall in each of the Cases aforesaid forthwith amend the Assessment accordingly, but the Assessment shall not be quashed or altered with respect to any other Persons named therein; and the Determination of the Justices at any such Sessions or Adjournment shall be final and conclusive.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall cause Account* to be Books to be provided and kept, and full and correct Accounts kePt* to be entered therein of all Fees, Payments, Rates, and other Monies received, levied, and recovered by the said Board, and of the Application thereof, distinguishing the Times and Purposes when and for which Monies were received and paid; and Book* may the Rate-payers and every Mortgagee under this Act may at be inspected, all reasonable Times inspect and take Copies of or Extracts from such Books, without Fee or Reward; and any Clerk or Penalty for re-other Person having the Custody of such Books who shall not, fusing Inspcc-on any reasonable Demand of any such Rate-paver or Mort- tion* gagee as aforesaid, permit him to inspect such Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and the said Board shall, in the Month of January in each Year, Balancing Ac-cause their Accounts to be balanced up to the Thirty-first Day counts,

, Gr g 3 of

468

Annual Statement.

Public Notice of Statement.

Statement, &c. to remain at the Office for Inspection.

Certain Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 65. incorporated with this Act.

Board to be assessed to Rates in respect to Burial Grounds provided under this Act.

Audit of Accounts by Auditors of public Accounts.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT

of December of the preceding Year; and the said Board shall cause a full Statement and Account to be drawn out of the Amount of all Contracts entered into, and of all Monies received and expended, by virtue of this Act, during such preceding Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, and also of all Arrears of Rates and other Monies then owing to the said Board, and of all Mortgages and other Debts then owing by the said Board; and the said Board shall give public Notice, by Advertisement to be inserted not less than twice in each of Two daily Morning Newspapers circulating in London and Westminster, that such Statement and Account is prepared and ready for the Inspection of the Rate-payers and Mortgagees, and of the Day fixed for auditing the Accounts; and the said Board shall allow such Statement and Account to remain for Inspection at their principal Office; and every such Rate-payer and Mortgagee may at all reasonable Times before the Day of Audit inspect such Statement and Account, and compare the same with the Books and Documents relating thereto in the Possession of the said Board, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling for each Inspection.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the Clauses of the "Ceme- teries Clauses Act, 1847," "with respect to exclusive Rights (t of Burial and Monumental Inscriptions in the Cemetery," and " with respect to the Protection of the Cemetery," shall be incorporated with this Act; but for the Purposes of this Act the Expression " the Bishop of the Diocese" where used in the said Clauses K with respect to exclusive Rights of Interment and Monumental Inscriptions" shall mean the Bishop of London; and for the Purposes of this Act the Expression w the Company" where used in the "Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847," shall mean " the General Board of Health," and the Expression *'the Clerk" where used in such Act shall include "the Assistant Secretary" appointed under this Act; and every Person committing any Offence in the said Clauses " with respect to the Protection of the Cemetery" respectively mentioned shall forfeit the Sum therein respectively mentioned to the said Board, upon a summary Conviction for such Offence before Two Justices of the Peace.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall from Time to Time be assessed or rated to all County, Parochial, or other local Rates, for and in respect of any Burial Ground provided under this Act, and any Building or Place of Burial therein, or other Lands acquired by them for the Purposes of this Act, in such and the same Proportion as, but not at any higher Value or improved Rent than, such Ground or Lands was or were assessed or rated at for the Year immediately preceding the taking and Conversion of such Ground or Lands for

o c *

the Purposes of this Act.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That the Accounts of the said Board shall be examined and audited by the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts of this Kingdom, and such Commissioners

469

1859. Metropolitan Interments. Cap. 52 *

nusnonera shall, in examining, trying, and auditing the Accounts of the said Board, have all the Powers which are vested in them by Law for examining, trying, and auditing the said public Accounts, and the Monies which may be received and become applicable for the Purposes of this Act shall be deemed public Monies, and may be recovered in case of Default accordingly, but all Monies so recovered shall be paid into the said Account at the Bank of England for the Purposes of this Act

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Board may enter Board may into all such Contracts as they may think fit for the Erection contract, and furnishing of Chapels in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, and in the Case of Chapels already built, for enlarging the same, and for enclosing and laying out such Grounds, and for providing Offices and Houses of Reception, and for any other Matters in relation to the Purposes of this Act in respect to which it may appear to the said Board expedient to enter into Contracts.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Pur- Purchase and chase, Building, or Work where the Purchase Money or the estimated Expense of such Building or Work exceeds One done without hundred Pounds, shall be made, erected, or done, or any Con- previous Sano-tract for the same entered into, by the said Board, under this £oncf*he Act, without the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her rea8ury> Majesty's Treasury.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That "The Lands Clauses Con- CertainProvi-solidation Act, 1845," except the Provisions of that Act "with 008< *

" respect to Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Under- ^toC^etwSa " taking under the Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consoli- and Compewa- dation Act, 1845, ' or the special Act, or any Act incorporated tion, incorpo- therewith, but which shall not be required for the Purposes rJ^ with " thereof," and " with respect to the Provision to be made for " affording Access to the special Act by all Parties interested," shall, so far as respects Purchases by the said Board of any Cemetery mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, and Compensation to Persons interested in Non-parochial Burial Grounds, be incorporated with this Act.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the said Lands Clauses Con- Certain Pro-solidation Act, except the Provisions of that Act specified and vision» of same excepted in the Section next herein-before contained, and except also the Provisions of that Act "with respect to the Purchase mentonlym- and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement," shall, so corporated far as respects Purchases of Lands by Agreement under this wl*i Act* Act by the said Board, be incorporated with this Act, and for the Purposes of this Act the Expression " the Promoters of the " Undertaking," wherever used in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, shall mean the said Board.

LXXL. And be it enacted, That the Receipt in Writing Receipt of under the Common Seal of the Company for the Purchase or Company to be Consideration Money for any Cemetery belonging to such Company which shall be purchased by the said Board, or for any

Power to dispose of Lands not wanted.

Annual Reports and Abstract of Accounts to be made, and laid before Parliament.

Cap. 52. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

Compensation payable to such Company under this Act, shall be an effectual Discharge to the said Board for the same.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Board to sell and dispose of any Lands purchased by them under this Act, which it may appear to the said Board may be properly sold or disposed of, and which may not have been consecrated or used for the Burial of the Dead; and for completing and carrying any such Sale into effect such Board may make and execute a Conveyance of the Lands sold and disposed of as aforesaid unto the Purchaser, or as he shall direct, and such Conveyance shall be under the Seal of the said Board; and the Word "grant" in such Conveyance shall have the same Operation as by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act is given to the same Word in a Conveyance of Lands made by the Promoters of the Undertaking; and a Receipt under the Seal of the said Board shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser of any such Lands for the Purchase Money in such Receipt expressed to be received; and the Money to arise from such Sale shall be applied in like Manner as other Monies received under this Act; and the said Board may let from Year to Year, and at such Rent as the said Board may think fit, any Land which may have been purchased by and become vested in the said Board under this Act, and which for the Time being shall not be required for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Board shall, in the Month of March in every Year, send to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Report of their Proceedings, specifying the Burial Grounds which have been provided under this Act in the preceding Year, and showing the Portions of such Burial Grounds which are consecrated and intended to remain unconsecrated respectively, and stating also the Names of the Chaplains appointed under this Act, and of the Officers and Servants appointed and employed by the said Board under this Act, showing those appointed for the general Purposes of this Act and those appointed or employed for and in each such Burial Ground, and their respective Duties, and stating the Amounts of the Stipends payable to the said Chaplains, and of the respective Salaries and Wages of such Officers and Servants, and stating the Annuities payable under this Act by way of Compensation to Clerks and Sextons, and to Churchwardens or other Persons on behalf of Parishes, and the Compensations payable under this Act in respect of Non-parochial Burial Grounds, and the Debts and Annuities, if any, in respect of Parochial Burial Grounds, to be discharged under this Act, and specifying all Burial Grounds and Works commenced under the Authority of the said Board during the preceding Year, and remaining in progress at the Termination of such Year; and the said Board shall, after they have fixed a Table of the Fees and Sums to be payable upon Interments in the Burial Grounds provided under this Act, annex such Table to their next Report, and from Time to Time as the said

185a

Metropolitan Interments *

Cap. 52. 471

said Board shall vary such Table of Fees and Sums they shall annex such varied Table to their next Report; and the said Board shall, with every Report to be sent as aforesaid, send to such Secretary of State an Account in Abstract, showing the Receipt and Expenditure under this Act for such preceding Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with the Statement of the Allowance of the said Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts, if they have allowed such Accounts, or of the Parts, if any, which they have dis-

Contracts entered into by the said Board in such preceding Year, and of the Monies owing to and Debts owing by the said Board on the Thirty-first Day of December of such preceding Year; and the said Board shall also from Time to Time give to any One of such Secretaries of State as aforesaid such Information as he may require respecting their Proceedings; and every such Report, Account in Abstract, and Statement as aforesaid shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Receipt thereof, if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within One Month after the next Meeting of Parliament.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That where any Burial Ground Power to con-in which Interment is discontinued under this Act belongs to 1C^*pepa|!l any Parish other than the Parish within which the same is rohilBui^ locally situate, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent and Church- Grounds to wardens of the Parish to which such Burial Ground belongs, with the Consent of the Vestry or Persons possessing the £hich they are Powers of Vestry for Ecclesiastical Purposes of or in such situate.

Parish, and of the Bishop of the Diocese, to convey any Chapel belonging to such Parish and situate in or attached to such Burial Ground, and the Site thereof, to any Persons named by the Incumbent and Churchwardens of the Parish within which the same is situate, with the Consent of the Vestry or Persons possessing the Powers of Vestry of or in such Parish for Ecclesiastical Purposes, and of the said Bishop, and upon such Trusts for such last-mentioned Parish, and subject to such Conditions to be performed on behalf of such Parish, and with such Provision for the Appointment of new Trustees, as to the said Bishop may seem proper, and such Conveyance shall be effectual to pass all the Estate and Interest vested in any Persons in trust or on behalf of the Parish to which such Chapel and the Site thereof belong; and after the Execution of such Conveyance all Obligation on such last-mentioned Parish, or any Trustees or others on behalf thereof, to repair such Chapel or to pay any Stipend to the Minister thereof, or otherwise in relation to or in connexion with such Chapel, shall cease.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That after Payment by the Provision for said Board of the Purchase or Consideration Money for any of c^eler* Com-the Cemeteries mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, or pa^eL*7 °m* after the Payment to any Cemetery Company of the Compensation for the Loss or Damage sustained by them by reason

allowed of such Accounts, and also a summary Statement of all

472 Cap. 62. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICH.

Interpretation of Terms.

of the Discontinuance of Interment in their Cemetery or Cemeteries under the Provisions of this Act, the Cemetery Company to which such Purchase or Consideration Money or Compensation may belong or be payable (unless some other Cemetery in which Interment is not then discontinued remain vested in them) shall continue only for the Purpose of winding up the Affairs, and realizing and distributing the Assets thereof, and the satisfying any Debts or Engagements to or by the said Company, and for the Enforcement by Law or in Equity of such Debts or Engagements respectively; and the said Company, as soon as conveniently may be after the Payment of such Purchase or Consideration Money or Compensation shall convert into Money, by Sale or otherwise, the Effects of the said Company, and get in the Debts and Assets thereof, and distribute and apportion the Monies thence arising, together with such Purchase or Consideration Money or Compensation after satisfying all the Debts, Engagements, and Liabilities of the said Company, to and among the several Proprietors thereof according to their respective Shares and Interests therein, and from and immediately after such Distribution and Apportionment the said Company shall be dissolved, and the Receipt of every Person who for the Time being would have been entitled to give an effectual Discharge for any Dividends which might have become payable in respect of any Share in any such Cemetery or Company in case this Act had not been passed, for the Proportion of the Monies which under this Provision shall become payable in respect of such Share, shall be an effectual Discharge to such Company and the Directors thereof for the same.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless such Meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context; (that is to say,) Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include F emales:

Words importing Individuals shall include Corporations:

The Word " Lands" shall include Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments:

The Expression " the District" shall mean " the Metropolitan Burial District:"

The Word " Parish" shall include united Parishes, and any distinct and separate Parish, District Parish, District Chapelry, or Consolidated District, formed under the Provisions of the Church Building Acts, and any new Parish constituted by or under the Proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and the Word w consecrated" shall mean consecrated according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, and the Word " unconsecrated" shall m&n not so consecrated.

mo.

Metropolitan Intermentk

Cap. 52^, 41 *

LXXV1L And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in short Title, other Acte, and in legal Instruments and other Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Metropolitan Interments Act, 1850."

THE METROPOLITAN BURIAL DISTRICT.

The City of London and the Liberties thereof, the Inner Temple and Middle Temple, and all other Places and Parts of Places contained within the exterior Boundaries of the Liberties of the City of London.

The City and Liberties of Westminster.

The Parishes of St. Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist.

The Parish of St. Martin in the Fields.

The Parish of St. George Hanover Square.

The Parish of St James.

The Parish of St. Mary-le-Strand, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as within the Duchy Liberty.

The Parish of St Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as within the Duchy Liberty.

The Parish of St. Paul Covent Garden.

The Parish of St Anne Soho.

Whitehall Gardens (whether the same be parochial or extra-parochial).

Whitehall (whether the same be parochial or extra-parochial).

Richmond Terrace (whether the same be parochial or extra-parochial).

The Close of the Collegiate Church of St Peter.

The Parishes of St Giles in the Fields and St. George Bloomsbury.

The Parishes of St. Andrew Holborn and St. George the Martyr.

The Liberty of Hatton Garden, Saffron Hill, and Ely Rents. The Liberty of the Rolls.

The Parish of St. Pancras.

The Parish of St. John Hampstead.

The Parish of St Marylebone.

The Parish of Paddington.

The Precinct of the Savoy.

The Parish of St Luke.

The Liberty of Glasshouse Yard.

The Parish of St. Sepulchre.

The Parish of St. James Clerkenwell, including both Districts of St James and St John.

The Parish of St. Mary Islington.

The Parish of St Mary Stoke Newington.

SCHEDULE (A.)

In Middlesex.

474

Metropolitan Interments* 13 & 14 VICT,

Cap. 52.

The Charterhouse.

The Parish of St Mary Whitechapel.

The Parish of Christchurch Spitalfields.

The Parish of St Leonard Shoreditch.

The Liberty of Norton Falgate.

The Parish of St John Hackney.

The Parish of St. Matthew Bethnal Green.

The Hamlet of Mile End Old Town.

The Hamlet of Mile End New Town.

The Parish of St. Mary Stratford Bow.

The Parish of Bromley St Leonard.

The Parish of All Stunts Poplar.

The Parish of St Anne Limehouse.

The Hamlet of Ratcliffe.

The Parish of St. Paul Shadwell.

The Parish of St George in the East The Parish of St John Wapping.

The Liberty of East Smithfield.

The Precinct of St Catherine.

The Liberty of Her Majesty's Tower of London, consisting of — The Liberty of the Old Artillery Ground.

The Parish of Trinity, Minories.

The Old Tower Precinct.

The Precinct of the Tower Within.

The Precinct of Wellclose.

The Parish of Kensington.

The Parish of St Luke Chelsea.

The Parish of Fulham.

The Parish of Hammersmith.

Lincoln's Inn.

New Inn.

Gray's Inn.

Staple Inn.

That Part of Fumival's Inn in the County of Middlesex.

Ely Place.

In Kent.

The Parish of St Paul Deptford.

The Parish of St Nicholas Deptford.

The Parish of Greenwich.

The Parish of Woolwich.

The Parish of Charlton.

The Parish of Plumstead.

In Surrey.

The Borough of Southwark.

The Parish of St George the Martyr.

The Parish of St. Saviour.

The Parish of St. John Horsley down.

The Parish of St Olave.

The Parish of St Thomas.

The

1850. Metropolitan Interments* Cap. 52 475

The Pariah of Battersea (except the Hamlet of Penge).

The Parish of Bermondsey.

The Parish of CamberwelL The Parish of Clapham.

The Parish of Lambeth.

The Parish of Newington.

The Parish of Putney.

The Parish of Rotherhithe.

The Parish of Streatham.

The Parish of Tooting.

The Parish of Wandsworth.

The Parish of Christchurch.

The Clink Liberty.

The Hamlet of Hatcham in the Parish of Deptford.

SCHEDULE (B.)

The several Cemeteries established under the several Acts herein-after mentioned; viz. —

An Act for establishing a General Cemetery for the Inter- W.4.e.cx. meat of the Dead in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis:

An Act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of 647W.4. the Dead Southward of the Metropolis, to be called the " South c* Metropolitan Cemetery:

An Act for establishing Cemeteries for the Interment of the 6 & 7 W. 4. Dead, Northward, Southward, and Eastward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The London Cemetery Company: *

An Act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of l Vict c. cm. the Dead, Westward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The West of London and Westminster Cemetery CompanyAnd

An Act to establish a General Cemetery for the Interment 4 & 5 Vict of the Dead in the Parishes of Saint Dunstan Stepney and a Saint Leonard Bromley in the County of Middlesex:

The Victoria Park Cemetery, in the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex: And The Abney Park Cemetery, in the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington in the County of Middlesex.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Mortgage.

Mortgage Number ().

By virtue of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria [here insert the Title of this Act], the General Board of Health, in consideration of the Sum of paid to the Treasurer of the said Board by A.B. of for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said A.B.y his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the Monies arising and to arise from the several Fees, Payments,

and

4W Cap. 52, 53. Metropolitan Interments. 13 & 14 VICT.

and Rates to be received and made under the said Act, to hold to the said A. 2?., his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof until the said Sum of with Interest at the Kate of per Centum per

Annum for the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it is hereby declared, that the said Principal Sum shall be repaid on the Day of and that in the meantime

the Interest thereof shall be paid on the Day of

and the Day of in every Year.

In witness whereof the said Board have hereunto set their Seal this Day of 18 .

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Transfer of Mortgage.

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of

Pounds paid to me by C.D. of ' do hereby transfer

to the said C. D.9 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage Number (), bearing Date the

Day of and made by the General Board of Health to

for securing the Sum of and Interest [or,

if such Transfer he by Endorsement on the Mortgage, insert, instead of the Words after " Assigns," the within Security], and all my Property, Right, and Interest in and to the Money thereby secured, and in and to the Monies thereby assigned. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Day of 18 .

A.B. (l.s.)

Account of the Population to be taken.

Secretary of State to superintend the taking an Account of the Population.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for taking account of the Population of Great Britain.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons within Great Britain: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the Time and in the Manner herein-after directed an Account shall be taken of the Number of Persons who at the Time of taking such Account shall be within England and Scotland respectively, and the Persons employed in taking such Account shall set down the several Particulars respecting the same according to such Form as shall be prescribed as herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall have the Care of superintending the taking of such Account, and shall cause to be prepared and printed, for the Use of the Persons to be employed in taking such Account, such Forms and Instructions as he shall deem

1850. Population. Cap. 53. 477

necessary; and the Registrar General shall issue all such Forms and Instructions to the Persona for whose Use they shall be intended; and all the Expenses which shall be incurred by such Secretary of State under this Act, and not herein otherwise provided for, shall be paid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

III. And be it enacted, That every Registrar's District in Registrars Dis-England shall be formed into Enumeration Districts according in ng" to Instructions to be prepared by or under the Direction of \nto inch Secretary of State, who shall cause a sufficient Number of Enumeration Copies of such Instructions to be sent to every Registrar of districts. Births and Deaths in England; and the Registrars, with all convenient Speed, shall divide the several Districts into Enumeration Districts according to such Instructions, and subject in each Case to be revised by the Superintendent Registrars, and to the final Revision and Approval of the said Registrar General.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several Registrars of Births Enumerators to and Deaths in England shall make and return to their respective app111*1-Superintendent Registrars a List containing the Names and

Places of Abode of a sufficient Number of Persons, duly qualified according to Instructions to be prepared by or under the Direction of such Secretary of State, to take account of the Population within their several Districts, and such Persons, when approved of by the Superintendent Registrar, shall be appointed by him Enumerators for taking such Account, subject nevertheless to the Approval of the said Registrar General; and the Registrar, with the Approval of the Superintendent Registrar, shall assign a District to each Enumerator, and shall distribute to the several Enumerators in his District the Forms and Instructions which shall have been issued for that Purpose by the Registrar General, and shall personally ascertain that each Enumerator thoroughly understands the Manner in which the Duties required of him are to be performed.

V. And be it enacted, That upon Monday the Thirty-first Enumerators to Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and take the Ac-fifty-one every such Enumerator, under the Direction of the icon's 1st*" Registrar of the District, shall visit every House within his March 1851. District, except as herein-after provided, and shall take an Account in Writing of the Name, Sjex, Age, and Occupation of every living Person who abode therein on the Night of Sunday the Thirtieth Day of the said Month of March, and shall also ascertain which of such Persons are Foreigners, and shall also take an Account of the occupied Houses, and of the Houses then building and therefore uninhabited, and also of all other uninhabited Houses within his District; and shall also take an Account of all such further Particulars as by the Forms and Instructions which may be issued under this Act they may be directed to inquire into; and in such Account each Enumerator shall distinguish the several Parishes and Places maintaining their own Poor within his District, or such Parts thereof as shall be within his District, aqd shall also distinguish those Parishes

476

Cap. 5S.

Population *

13 & 14 Vict.

Registrars to *erlfy the Account*.

Superintendent Registrars to collect Accounts, and V return them to Secretary of State.

Abstracts of Returns to be printed, and laid before Parliament.

Copies of this Act, &c. to be aent to the Sheriffs, Pro-Yosts, &c. in Scotland.

Sheriffs, &c. in Scotland to appoint Schoolmasters or other

and Places or Parts of Parishes and Places within his District which are within the Limits of any City or Borough returning or contributing to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or of any incorporated City or Borough, or of any Ecclesiastical District, and shall sign and deliver such Account to the Registrar of the District, and also a Form or Declaration to the Effect that the said Account has been truly and faithfully taken by him, and that to the best of his Knowledge the same is correct, so far as may be known; which Form of Declaration shall be prepared by or under the Direction of such Secretary of State, and issued by the Registrar General with the Forms and Instructions aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Registrar to whom such Accounts shall be delivered shall examine the same, and shall satisfy himself that the Instructions in each Case have been punctually fulfilled, and if not shall cause any Defect or Inaccuracy in the said Accounts to be supplied, so far as may appear possible; and when the Accounts shall have been made as accurate as is possible the Registrar shall deliver them to the Superintendent Registrar of his District.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Superintendent Registrar shall examine all the Accounts which shall be so delivered to him, and shall satisfy himself how far the Registrars have duly performed the Duties required of them by this Act, and shall cause any Inaccuracies which he shall discover in such Accounts to be corrected, so far as may be possible, and shall return on or before the First Day of June On£ thousand eight hundred and fifty-one all the Accounts which shall have been delivered to him to the Registrar General, for the Use of such Secretary of State.

VIII. And be it enacted, That such Secretary of State shall cause Abstracts to be made of the said Returns; and such Abstracts shall be printed, and laid before both Houses of Parliament within Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, if Parliament be sitting, or, if Parliament be not sitting, then within the first Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Registrar General shall send a printed Copy of this Act, and also a sufficient Number of all Forms and Instructions which the said Secretary of State shall have caused to be prepared, to the Sheriff of every County in Scotland, and to the Provost or other Chief Magistrate of every Royal Burgh, and of every Parliamentary Burgh having a Provost and Magistrates, in Scotland, with such Alterations in the said Forms and Instructions as to such Secretary of State shall see>m necessary to make them applicable to the Circumstances of each Case.

X. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs in their respective Counties, and the Provost or other Chief Magistrate of the Royal and Parliamentary Burghs within the said Burghs, shall

C.

1850. Population. Cap. 53. 479

nominate and appoint, in Writing under the Hand of their Persons to tak« respective Clerks, the Schoolmaster or other fit Person or Per- the Account sons in each Parish or Part of a Parish or Place within their s^dand. *1 respective Jurisdictions to take account of the several Matters required by this Act; and the Sheriffs Officers and Town Officers respectively shall forthwith deliver the Forms and Instructions prepared as aforesaid for their Use to the Schoolmaster or other Person or Persons so appointed; and on the said Thirty-first Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Schoolmaster or other Person or Persons so appointed shall visit every House within their District, and shall take an Account in Writing of the Name, Sex, Age, and Occupation of every living Person who abode therein on the Night of the said Thirtieth Day of the said Month of March, and shall also ascertain which of such Persons are Foreigners, and also take an Account of the occupied Houses, and of the Houses then building and therefore uninhabited, and also of all other uninhabited Houses within their District; and shall also take an Account of all such further Particulars as by the Forms and Instructions which may be issued under this Act they may be directed to inquire into; and in such Account the Enumerators shall distinguish the several Parishes and Places maintaining their own Poor, and shall also distinguish those Parishes and Places, or Parts of Parishes and Places, which are within the Limits of any City,

Burgh, or Town returning or contributing to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or Royal Burgh, and shall then exhibit the same to the Minister of the Parish, for hi Correction and Approbation, and for any Observations which he may think fit to write thereupon; and the several Schoolmasters and other Persons appointed shall thereafter sign the tame with their Names and ordinary Designations.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs and the Provost Return* to be or other Chief Magistrates of the Royal and Parliamentary mad^to . Bragbs, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall appoint a #m

Time or Times, which shall not be sooner than the Seventh nor later than the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, for the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, appointed by them as aforesaid, to attend at their Offices, or at such other Places as they shall appoint, with their Returns to be made under this Act, and the said Sheriffs and Provosts or other Chief Magistrates shall cause Notice to be given to them respectively for that Purpose accordingly, and shall then tod there receive the Returns to be made as aforesaid, and cause every Schoolmaster or Person appointed to make such Returns as aforesaid to make a Declaration to the Effect that the said Account has been truly and faithfully taken, and that to the best of his Knowledge the same is correct, so far as may be known; and such Sheriffs and Provosts or other Chief Magistrates aforesaid, if they see Cause, may examine the* said Schoolmaster, Person or Persons, touching any of the Matters H h contained

contained in such QneBtiona and Answers, especially as to the distinct Population of Parts of Parishes not only contained in one and the same County, or partly included in any Parliamentary Burgh (as aforesaid) or Royal Burgh, and shall thereafter direct the Clerks of their respective Jurisdictions to endorse the same (if not previously endorsed) with the Name of the County and District thereof wherein the Parish or Place therein mentioned is situated, or otherwise (in Cases where the said Sheriffs shall think proper) they shall direct the School* masters and other Persons aforesaid to verify the said Returns and Answers before any Justice of the Peace within the County, and thereafter to transmit the Schedule, previously to the said Thirtieth Day of April, in any convenient Manner, to the said Sheriffs, who shall direct the same to be endorsed as aforesaid.

Original Ac- XU. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs and Provosts

b^Schooimas- j0r °^er Chief Magistrates of the Royal and Parliamentary ten in Scotland Burghs, in Scotland, shall on or before the First Day of June .One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one send the several tary of State' original Accounts so taken in Writing by the Schoolmasters or other Persons appointed as aforesaid in every Parish or Plaoe in Scotland (together with a List of the Parishes and Places within their respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions from whence no Returns have been made to Stem,) to the Registrar General for the Use of such Secretary of State, who shall cause Abstracts thereof to be made and printed and laid before both Houses of Parliament within Twelve Months after the said First Day of June if Parliament be sitting, oi* if Parliament be not sitting, then within the first Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing.

Householders

XIII. And be it enacted, That Schedules shall be prepared leftatDwdlin6 or unc^er ^e Direction of such Secretary of State for the House* W mg Purpose of being filled up by the several Occupiers of Dwelling Houses as herein-after provided; and the Registrars in £ng* land and Wales, and the Schoolmasters and other Persons charged with taking the said Account in Scotland, shall in the course of the Week ending on Saturday the Twenty-ninth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one leave or cause to be left at every Dwelling House within their respective Districts One or more of the said Schedules for the Occupier or Occupiers thereof or of any Part thereof and upon every such Schedule shall be plainly expressed that it is to be filled up by the Occupier of such Dwelling House, (or where such Dwelling House is let in different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, by the Occupier of each such distinct Story or Apartment,) and that the Person charged with taking the said Account will collect all such Schedules within his District on the Monday then next fin uUP thet0 lowing; and every Occupier of any Dwelling House, or of Schedule* and any distinct Story or Apartment in any Dwelling House, with sign and deliver pr for whom any such fcksheduje shall have been left as aforesaid,

481

1850.

Population.

Cap. 63;

said, shall fill up the said Schedule to the beet of hie or her them to the Knowledge and Belief so far as relates to all Persons dwelling Enumerator, in the House, Story, or Apartment occupied by him or her, and shall sign his or her Name thereunto, and shall deliver the Schedule, so filled up, or cause the same to be delivered, to the Person charged with taking the said Account, when required so to do; and every such Occupier who shall wilfully refuse or Penalty for without lawful Excuse neglect to fill up the said Schedule to Neglect, the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, or to sign and deliver the same as herein required, or who shall wilfully make, sign, or deliver, or cause to be made, signed, or delivered, any false Return of all or any of the Matters specified in the said Schedule, shall forfeit a Sum not more than Five Pounds nor less than Two Pounds.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Persons charged with Schedule* to be taking the said Accounts in Great Britain shall collect all the Hou*C^tofr0m Schedules so left within their District from House to House, House, and and, so far as may be possible, on the said Monday the Thirty- corrected if first Day of March, and shall complete such of the Returns so ^"neou* made to them as upon Delivery thereof to them shall appear to

be defective, and oorrect such as they shall find to be erroneous, and shall copy the Returns so made to them, when completed and corrected, into the Account which they are required to take of the Persona living within their several Districts, and shall add thereunto the Accounts which they shall have taken of all the other Persons living within their District, in the Manner herein prescribed, who shall not be included in the Returns so made to them.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Master or Keeper of every Master *, &c. of Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, Workhouse, Hospital, or ^Ilp^ted Lunatic Asylum, and of every public or charitable Institution, Enumerators which shall be determined upon by the said Registrar General of the Inmate* shaD be the Enumerator of the Inmates thereof, and shall be thcreof* bound to conform to such Instructions as shall be sent to him

by the Authority of one of the said Secretaries of State, for obtaining the Retains required by this Act, so far as may be practicable, with respect to such Inmates.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor in Oreraeers, Rettery Parish, Township, and Place in England mid Wales, and ccr8 '

file Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officembound Officers for such Parishes, Townships, and Places, and the to act Enu-Relieving Officers in any Union formed under the Provisions of memors* an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Admi- 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 7«v wutratiam of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wale* shall be bound to act as Enumerators under this Act within their respective Townships, Parishes, and Places and Unions, if required so to act by one of the said Secretaries of State, and where they shall so act shall be entitled to Allowances as Enumerators under the Provisions of this Act; and every each Overseer, Relieving Officer, Constable, Ti

Hh 2

Cftp* 53.

Papulation.

13 & 14 VICT.

Returns of houseless Poor and of Persons travelling or on Shipboard.

Table of Allowances to Enumerators in England.

Manner in which the Payments shall be made to Persons employed in execution of this Act in England.

Apportionment of Payments where more than One Parish in a District.

Headborough, and other Peace Officer who shall refuse or wilfully neglect so to act, and duly to perform the Duties required of the said Enumerators by this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not more than Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted, That such Secretary of State shall obtain, by such Ways and Means as shall appear to him best adapted for the Purpose, Returns of the Particulars required by this Act with respect to all houseless Persons, and all Persons who during the said Night of Sunday the Thirtieth Day of March were travelling or on Shipboard, or for any other Reason were not abiding in any House of which Account is to be taken by the Enumerators, Schoolmasters, and other Persons as aforesaid, and shall include such Returns in the Abstracts to be made by him as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That one of the said Secretaries of State shall cause to be prepared a Table of Allowances to be made to the several Enumerators, Registrars, Superintendent Registrars, and other Persons in England employed in the Execution of this Act; and such Table, when approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, if Parliament be sitting, or, if Parliament be not sitting, then within the first Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor, or, where there are no such Guardians, the Overseers of the Poor in every Superintendent Registrar's District in England, shall pay to such Superintendent Registrar, out of the Monies in their Hands as such Guardians or Overseers, the whole Amount of the Allowances to which the said Superintendent Registrar, and the Registrars, Enumerators, and other Persons in that District, are severally entitled, according to the said Table; and each Superintendent Registrar shall pay over to the Registrars in his District the Allowances to which the said Registrars, Enumerators, and other Persons are entitled; and each Registrar shall pay over to the Enumerators and other Persons in his District the Allowances to which they are severally entitled, according to the said Table; and the Receipts to be given by the Enumerators and other Persons, Registrars and Superintendent Registrars, for Payment of their said Allowances, shall be delivered to the Guardians or Overseers, as the Case may be; and where the District of any Superintendent Registrar, Registrar, or Enumerator contains more than One Parish or Place, or Parts of more than One Parish or Place, the Guardians established under the said Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, or, if there be no such Guardians, the Superintendent Registrar, shall apportion the whole Sum so

?tid or to be paid on account of that District among the several Parishes and Places of which any Part is within such District *

1850. Population. Cap. 53. 483

in such Manner as to them or him shall seem just; and such Apportionment shall be binding upon all Persons, and the Payment thereof shall be allowed in the Accounts of the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes and Places; and in every extra-parochial or other Place not having a* to extra. Overseers of the Poor the Persons appointed to collect the parochial County or Borough Rates therein shall be deemed Overseers of plaoc, # the Poor within the Meaning of this Act, and shall pay the Amount charged to the Account of such Place under the Provisions of this Act to the Guardians of the Union in which such Place is situated, or, if it be not situated in any Union, to the Superintendent Registrar, out of the next Monies in their Hands collected for the County or Borough Rate within such Place, and shall be allowed such Payment in their Accounts; and if there be any extra-parochial Place in which no County or Borough Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, is collected, the Treasurer of the County, Riding, ore Division, or Borcsgh, shall pay the Amount charged to the Account of such Place out of the Monies in his Hands as such Treasurer, and doll be allowed such Payment in his Account: Provided always, that no such Payment shall be made to any Enumerator or other Person who shall be required to act as an Enumerator under this Act, but upon Production of a Certificate under the Hand of the Registrar that the Duties required of such Enumerator or other Person acting as Enumerator by this Act have been faithfully performed, and the like Certificate shall be required under the Hand of the Superintendent Registrar with respect to the Registrar before any Payment shall be made to the Registrar, and the like Certificate under the Hand of the said Registrar General with respect to the Superintendent Registrar before any Payment shall be made to the Superintendent Registrar.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Superintendent Registrar Payment* to be of every District in England shall within One Calendar Month *

next after any such Payment shall have been made as aforesaid General., certify to the said Registrar General the total Amount of the Allowances to which he, and the Registrars, Enumerators, and other Persons in that District, are respectively entitled, according to the said Table.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Allowances defrayed as Parishes, &e. aforesaid by any Parish or Place, or by the Guardians or Overseers on behalf thereof, or by the Treasurer of any County, Mowe*°to be Riding, Division, or Borough, shall be reimbursed to such provided by Parish, Place, or Treasurer by the Commissioners of Her Parliament. Majesty's Treasury, out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs and Provosts Payment* to be or other Chief Magistrates of the Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland shall allow to the Sheriff Clerk or Town 1 Clerk respectively, for the Return which shall be made and transmitted from every Parish or Place in Scotland, the Sum of

One Shilling, and to the Sheriff Officer Or Town Officer who shall distribute the Schedule to the Schoolmasters and others, for the like, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and the said Sheriffs and Provosts or other Chief Magistrates of the Royal Burghs and' other Burghs in Scotland, herein specified, shall allow to the Schoolmasters and others a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Expenses (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act, and shall order Payment thereof, and also of the Sums respectively payable to the Sheriff Clerk or Town Clerk and to the Sheriff Officer or Town Officer, to be made by the Collector of the Land Tax of and for the Shire or other Place (as the Case shall require), out of any Money in his Hands, and such Collector shall pay the same accordingly.

Penalty for

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Superintendent Re-wilful Default gjgtrar and Registrar, and every Enumerator and other Person who shall be required to act as Enumerator, in England, and also every Schoolmaster or other Person in Scotland, so appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, or making any wilfully false Declaration, shall for every such wilful Default or false Declaration forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Two Pounds.

Penalty for re-

XXIV. And be it enacted, for the better enabling the said fusing Infer- Secretary of State, Registrar General, Enumerators, School* feta An^ers!^ masters, and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, to make the said Inquiries and Returns, That the said Enumerators, Schoolmasters, and other Persons shall be authorized to ask all such Questions as shall be directed in any Instructions to be prepared by or under the Direction of the said Secretary of State, which shall be necessary for obtaining the Returns required by this Act; and every Person refusing to answer or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions or any of them shall for every such Refusal or wilfully false Answer forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

Recovery and

XXV. And be it enacted, That Forfeitures imposed by this Pc^ri«^011 ^or Offences in England shall be recovered in a summary

* Manner before Two Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction

in the County or Place where the Offence is committed, in the Manner prescribed by Law in this Behalf; and Forfeitures imposed by this Act for Offences in Scotland may be recovered before the Sheriff or Two Justices, who may proceed in a summary Way, and grant Warrant for bringing the Parties complained upon immediately before him or them, and on Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, he or they may forthwith determine and give Judgment, without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, and grant Warrant for the Recovery of the Penalties and Expenses decerned for, and, failing Payment within Eight Days after Conviction, by Poinding and Imprisonment for a

Period,

1850* Population* — Factories* Cap# 6S, 64/ 48$ *

Period, St the Discretion of the Sheriff or justices, not exceeding Fourteen Days; and Forfeitures recovered in England under this Act shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the County or Place for Which the Justices before whom the Forfeiture is recovered shall have acted, and Forfeitures recovered in Scotland Under this Act shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Collector of the Land Tax of such County wherein the Offence shall be committed, to be by hitn applied in aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act

XXVI. And be it enacted and declared, for Explanation of Explanation the full Intent and Meaning of certain Words used in this Act, Clauie.

That the Words "Parish or Place, Parishes or Places," shall include the various Denominations of Townships, Tithings,

Hamlets, Villages, Chapelries, Quarters, Wards, Parcels, Lordships, Manors, or Parts of any Parish, and all other Places, whether denominated Villa, Precincts, or otherwise, and whether connected with any Parish or deemed to be extra-parochial.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act may be or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amended> Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Labour in Factories.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate s&4 w.4.

the Labour of Children and yountf Piersons in the Mills and losFactories of the United Kingdomi it was enacted, that no Person under the Age of Eighteen Years should be employed in ' any Mill or Factory as in the said Act mentioned, in any such Description of Work as therein specified, more than Twelve ' Hours in any One Day, except as therein-after provided:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the ' Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 7 & 8 Vict.o.15. ' Laws relating to Labour in Factories, it was enacted, that the Hours of Work of Children and young Persons in every Factory should be reckoned from the Tune when any Child or young Person should first begin to work in the Morning in such Factory; and by the same Act it was enacted, that no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years should be employed in any Factory, save for the same Time and in the same Manner as young Persons might be employed in Factories:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to litnit the 10& n Vict.

Hottrs of Labour of young Persons and Females in Factories, c*29,

the Hours of Labour of young Persons and Females in Factones were further restricted as therein is mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said herein-before recited

Factories.

No young Person or Female to be employed before Six in the Morning or after Six in the Afternoon, or on Saturdays after Two in the Afternoon.

Provision of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. requiring Notices of Times of beginning and ending Work to be hung up, repealed.

Meal Times to be taken between Half past Seven in the Morning and Six in the Evening.

Young Persons or Females not to be employed under7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. in recovering lost Time after Seven in the Evening.

Cap. 54,

13 & 14 VICT

cited Acts:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, save as herein-after mentioned, so much of the said Acts as restricts or limits the Hours of the Employment or Labour of young Persons, and of Females above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be repealed, and after the passing of this Act no young Person, and no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be employed in any Factory before Six of the Clock in the Morning or after Six of the Clock in the Evening of any Day (save to recover lost Time, as herein-after provided), and no young Person, and no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be employed in any Factory, either to recover lost Time or for any other Purpose, on any Saturday after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon.

II. And be it enacted, That so much of the said secondly-recited Act as requires Notice in the Form given in the Schedule (C.) to such Act of the Hours of Work of all young Persons and Females above the Age of Eighteen Years, employed in the Factory, to be hung or fixed up in any Factory and so much of the same Act as enacts that in any Complaint of the Employment of any Person in a Factory otherwise than is allowed by that Act the Time of beginning Work in the Morning which shall be stated in any Notice fixed up in the Factory, signed by the Occupier or his Agent, shall be taken to be the Time when all Persons in the Factory, except Children beginning to work in the Afternoon, began Work on any Day subsequent to the Date of such Notice, so long as the same continued fixed up in the Factory, shall be repealed.

III. And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act it was ' enacted, That the Times allowed for Meal Times, as provided ' by the said firstly-recited Act, should be taken between the

Hours of Half past Seven in the Morning and Half past ' Seven in the Evening:' Be it enacted, That the Times allowed for such Meal Times as aforesaid shall be taken between the Hours of Half past Seven in the Morning and Six in the Evening; and, subject to such Alteration as aforesaid, all the Provisions of the said firstly and secondly recited Acts concerning Meal Times and Notice of Meal Times shall remain applicable to all young Persons, and to all Females above the Age of Eighteen Years, employed in any Factory.

IV. And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act it was enacted, that in any Factory in which any Part of the Ma-(chinery was moved by the Power of Water the Time which ' should have been lost by Stoppages from Want of Water, or-(from too much Water, might be recovered within Six Months

next after the Stoppage, between the Hours specified in the said firstly-recited Act as those within which Time lost by ' Drought or Excess of Water might be recovered, and that in

order to recover Time so lost any Child or young Person

i might

185a

Factories.

487

Cap. 54 *

might be employed One Hour in each Day more than the

Time to which the ordinary Labour of Children and young

Persons respectively was restricted by Law, except on Satur-

day:* Be it enacted, That no young Person, and no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall, in order to recover Time so lost as aforesaid, be employed after Seven of the Clock in the Evening of any Day; and the Times before Six of the Clock in the Morning and after Six of the Clock in the Evening daring which any such young Person or Female is so employed in any Day shall not together exceed One Hour.

V. And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act it was enacted, that in any Factory in which any Part of the Machinery was moved by the Power of Water, when the Stream was so diminished by Drought or swollen by Flood during any Part of the Day that any Part of the manufacturing Machinery driven by the Water-wheel had been stopped by reason of such Drought or Flood, the young Persons who would have been employed at such Machinery might recover such lost Time during the Night next following the said Day, unless the said Day were Saturday; provided that no such young Person should be employed during any Twentyfour consecutive Hours for a greater Number of Hours than that to which the ordinary daily Labour of such young Persons in Factories was otherwise restricted by Law, and that no young Person so employed in the Night should work more thaun Five Hours without an entire Cessation from Work of at least Thirty Minutes:' Be it enacted, That for the Purposes of the last-recited Enactment the Word Night" shall include the whole Period between Six of the Clock in the Evening and Six of the Clock in the Morning; and no young Person, and no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be employed to recover such lost Time as last aforesaid during any Twenty-four consecutive Hours for more than Ten Hours and Half of another Hour; and, save as herein-before mentioned, young Persons and Females may be employed to recover lost Time according to the Provisions of the said secondly-recited Act.

YL Provided always, and be it enacted, That during all or Part of the Period between the Thirtieth Day of September of any Year and the First Day of April of the following Year, young Persons, and Females above the Age of Eighteen Years, may be employed, except on Saturday, between the Hours of Seven of the Clock of the Morning and Seven of the Clock of the Evening, instead of the Hours herein-before limited, under the following Regulations and Conditions; (that is to say,) Notice signed by the Occupier of any Factory, or his Agent, of the Intention to employ young Persons and Females under this Provision, specifying the Period, not being less than One Month, during which they are to be so employed in such Factory, shall be given to One of the Inspectors of Factories, and a Notice to the like Effect, in such Form as shall be approved

Time during which young Persons and Females may be employed under 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. a. 34. in recovering lost lime.

Power to cm- -ploy young Persons from Seven in the Morning to Seven in the Evening from 30th Sept, to 1st April, under certain Regulations.

m

Factories.

Repeal of Provision in 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. as to Children above Eleven Years of Age employed solely in winding and throwing of raw Silk;

and in lieu thereof Children above Eleven may be employed as young Persons.

Young Persons and Females employed during Meal Times, &c. to be held to be employed contrary to Aoti«

Recited Acts and this Act to be construed as One Act.

Cap. 64;

13 & 14 VICA

proved by each Inspector, and signed by snob Occupied, or hid Agent, and by such Inspector, shall be hung or fixed up, and during the Period specified in the Notice shall be kept fixed up, according to the Directions for other Notices in the said secondly-recited Act, in such Factory; and during the Period specified in such Notice young Persons, and Females above the Age of Eighteen Years, may be employed in such Factory after Six of the Clook and not later than Seven of the Clou in the Evening of any Day, except Saturday; and during the Period specified in such Notice (save to recover lost Time as herein provided) no young Person, and no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be employed in such Factory before Seven of the Clock in the Morning of any Day, except Saturday; and the Provisions herein-before contained shall, as to every Day, except Saturday, during the Period specified in such Notice, take effect as if Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Seven of the Clock in the Evening were throughout substituted for Six of the Clock in the Morning and Six of the Clock in the Evening respectively.

VII. And whereas by the said secondly-recited Act it was enacted, that any Child above Eleven Years of Age, employed ' solely in the winding and throwing of raw Silk, and who ' shall have obtained the Surgical Certificate required by this ' Act of his having completed his Eleventh Year, may work, ' without any Proof of having attended a School, for any Time

not exceeding Ten Hours on any Working Day, but not i after Half past Four of the Clock of the Afternoon of any Saturday: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act should be repealed: Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof it shall be lawful for any Child employed solely in the winding and throwing of raw Silk, who shall have obtained the Surgical Certificate required by the said secondly-recited Act of his having completed his Eleventh Year, to be employed in all respects as young Persons may be employed under this Act *

VIII. And be it enacted, That every young Person, and every Female above the Age of Eighteen Years, who shall be employed in any Factory, or shall be allowed to remain in any Boom where any manufacturing Process is then carried on in any Factory, during any Part of the Times which by the Notice then fixed up in such Factory in that Behalf are mentioned as the Times allowed for Meals, shall be deemed to be employed contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Acts as amended by this Act

IX. And be it enacted, That the Three herein-before recited Acts as amended by this Act, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act, and in all respects as if the Provisions herein-before contained had been contained in the secondly herein-before recited Act: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall apply to any Offence committed under

4Sft

1850, Factories. — Municipal Corporations (/.} . Cap. 64, 65J

the said recited Acts before the passing of this Act, or to any Proceedings taken under any of the said Acts, and pending at the Time of the passing of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended Acl or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of &0i

Parliament,

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin.

[5th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the last Session of Parliament* " intituled An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin, it is amongst other things enacted, that on the Twenty-fifth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty all the Councillors of and in every Ward of the Borough of Dublin then in Office shall go out of Office, and all and every the Aldermen for each and every Ward of the said Borough then in Office shall continue in Office during the said Twenty-ffifth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, for the Purpose of holding and presiding at the Elections of Aldermen and Councillors in the several Wards of the said

]2 & 13 Vict. c. 85.

6 Borough to be held on the said Day, as therein-after men* c tinned, and thenceforth until the Names of the Persons so

elected shall be published as in the said therein first-recited Act directed, not being later than Two of the Clock of the ' Afternoon of the Day next but One following the Day of v such Election; subject nevertheless to the Power and Provision for the Re-election of any Alderman or Councillor in the said therein first-recited Act contained: And whereas ' Provision was made in the said recited Act for the Re-

division of the Borough of Dublin into Wards: And whereas ' the said Re-division has been made and duly approved by ' the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland as by the said Act provided: And whereas the new Wards into which ' the said Borough has been divided do not correspond in ' Names, or in Extent or Boundaries, with the former Wards ' of the said Borough: And whereas it is doubtful which of the existing Aldermen of the said Borough is duly authorized ' under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and of the ' Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland,

to hold and preside at any Election to oe held for each or

any of the said new Wards on the Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in

490

Aldermen and Aasenors of the old Wards of the Borough of Dublin shall in this Year be the Persons to preside at Elec* tions of Aldermen, &c.v and act as Assessors for those netr Wards that are respectively specified in the Schedule. Vacancy in the Office of Alderman or Councillor or Assessor of any old Ward before the 25th of November in this Year to be filled up under the 3 fit Vict. c. 108. as if the Re-division of the Borough into new Wards had not taken place.

In case of Vacancy on that Day who to bold Elections.

Cap. 55. Municipal Corporations [Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Aldermen and Assessors of the said respective former Wards of the said Borough of Dublin, specified in the First Column of the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall in this present Year be the Persons to hold and preside at the Elections which shall take place on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year of Aldermen and Councillors, or to act thereat as Assessors respectively, for the said respective new Wards of the said Borough specified in the Second Column of the said Schedule in connexion with the Names of such respective former Wards specified in the said First Column thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any Vacancy shall occur or shall have occurred before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year in the Office of any Alderman, Councillor, or Assessor of any Ward mentioned in the First Column of the Schedule to this Act annexed, by Death or Resignation, or by reason of any of the Causes of Disqualification of an Alderman or Councillor mentioned in the Eighty-eighth Section of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, (as such Section is numbered in the Copies of the said Act printed by the Queen's Printers,) such Vacancy shall be filled up and such new Election respectively had for such Ward, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, as if the said Re-division of the City of Dublin into new Wards as aforesaid had not taken place, and as if the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament had not been passed, but such Officers so elected shall go out of Office at the Time in that Behalf appointed as to such Office by the said Act of the last Session: Provided always, that if any such Vacancy has already taken place or shall take place before the passing of this Act, such Election shall be had as if such Vacancy had occurred on the Day of the passing of this Act: Provided also, that if any such Vacancy in the Office of Alderman shall occur on or within Six Days before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year, or in the Case of the Illness or Incapacity to act or the unavoidable Absence of such Alderman on the said last-mentioned Day, then a Councillor for the Ward, according to Seniority (and who shall not be disabled by Illness, Incapacity, or unavoidable Absence to act), or in the Case of a Vacancy in the Office of Assessor for a Ward on or within Six Days before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November, then such Person (being a Burgess of the Ward) as the Alderman and Councillors of the Ward, or a Majority of them, shall appoint to act in the Room of such Assessor for such Purpose, shall hold, preside, or act at the Election of Aldermen and Councillors to be held on the said Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year, in the Room of and with like Powers as such Alderman or Assessor respectively, as the Case may be.

491

1850. Municipal Corporations (I ) — of Exchange. C. 55, 56.

HL And be it enacted, That the said recited Act of the Recited Acts last Session of Parliament, and the said herein-before men- "d tins Act to turned Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in OnTAct^ " Ireland, and any Act amending the same, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Schedule to this Act Schedule Part annexed shall be deemed and construed as Part of this Act of th" Act *

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of ameDded»&c* Parliament

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers *

Former Wards. Near Wards.

Alderman of Custom House Ward to preside at Elections of North Dock Ward. — Post Office Ward - North City Ward.

St Paul's Ward Four Courts Ward Linen Hall Ward St George's Ward St James's Ward St Catherine's Ward St Andrew's Ward St Audeon's Ward Merrion Ward College Ward Castle Ward St Stephen's Ward St Patrick's Ward

Arran Quay Ward. Inn's Quay Ward. Rotundo Ward. Mountjoy Ward. Usher's Quay Ward. Merchant's Quay Ward. Wood Quay Ward. South City Ward.

South Dock Ward. Trinity Ward.

Royal Exchange Ward. Mansion House Ward. Fitzwilliam Ward.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to continue the Act for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Usury Laws.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend, and s&s Vict. c.sr. c extend until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Prtroisions of an Act of the First

Year of Her present Majesty, for exempting certain Bills of 6 Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury, which by sundry Acts has been since

continued until the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and it is expedient that the same should be further continued Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said recited Act shall be continued until Continuance the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight o{ AcU hundred and fifty-six.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament* ameDd*d*&c *


Cftj). 57;

Vestrtt* and Vestry Clerks. 13 & 14 VICT.

Poor L»w Commissioners, upon Applica* tion of Churchwardens, &c., of any Parish where Popula* tion exceeds 2, OCX), may make an Order to put this Act in force.

On Expiration of 12 Months from the publishing of any such Order certain Meetings prohibited from being held in Churches and Chapels.

Power to provide other Places of Meeting.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to prevent the holding of Vestry or other Meetings in Churches, and for regulating the Appointment of Vestry Clerks.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS the holding of Vestry or other Parochial Meetings in the Parish Church or Chapel, or in the Vestry Room attached to such Church or Chapel, is productive c of Scandal to Religion and other great Inconveniences For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, upon Application in Writing of the Churchwardens, or, where there are no Churchwardens, of the Overseers of any Parish in England the Population whereof exceeds Two thousand Persons according to the then last preceding Census, such Application being made pursuant to a Resolution of the Vestry of such Parish, to make an Order under their Seal of Office that this Act or any Part thereof shall be applied to and be put in force within such Parish; and a Copy of such Order shall be published in such Newspaper or Gazette, or both, as the said Commissioners may direct, and shall be deposited with the Churchwardens or Overseers (where there are no Churchwardens) of any such Parish.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the making and publishing of any such Order no Meeting of the Inhabitants of the Parish for the Purpose of holding a vestry, or for any other Purpose than that of Divine Worship, or some ecclesiastical or charitable Object, or some other Purpose approved by the Bishop of the Diocese, shall be holden in any Parish Church or Chapel, or other consecrated Church or Chapel, nor in the Chancel thereof* nor, except in case of Urgency, and with the previous Approval of the said Commissioners, in the Vestry Room attached to such Church or Chapel, in any Parish or Place named in such Order* any public or private Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That where any Vestry or other Meeting, by virtue of any Statute, Law, or Custom, has heretofore been holden in the Church or Chapel of any Parish or Place named in any such Order as aforesaid, or in the Vestry Room of such Church or Chapel, any such Vestry or other Meeting shall from and after the making and publishing of such Order be holden in such other Room or Place within the Parish or Place as shall be provided for the holding thereof in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, and all Acts done in such other Room or Plaoe as aforesaid shall be at good* valid, apd

effectua

498

VMrito and Vedry ClerhL Cap. 67.

effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

<u if such Vestry Meeting had been held in the Vestry Room of such Church or Chapel or in the Body of such Church or Chapel as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens and Over- Power to pur-seers, or Overseers alone, as the Case may require, of any Parish,

with the Sanction of the said Commissioners and of a Majority s& 9 Vict. c.i8.

of the Vestry, may by Agreement hire any Room, or purchase

or take upon Lease or exchange any Lands or Buildings, or sell

Lands belonging to such Parish, and invest the Proceeds t)f such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Buildings, or erect

suitable Buildings, for the Purpose of holding of any Vestry

and other Meeting for the Transaction of any Business of or

relating to the Parish; and the Lands Clauses Consolidation

Act, 1845, except the Parts and Enactments of that Act with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by

Agreement, and with respect to the Recovery of Forfeitures,

Penalties, and Costs, and with respect to Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Undertaking, but which shall not be wanted for the Purpose thereof, shall, in so far as the same is consistent with this Act, be incorporated with this Act; and for the Purposes of this Act the Expressions " the Promoters of the Undertaking or ff the Secretary," whenever used in that Act, shall respectively mean the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers as aforesaid; and the Expression " Tolls or Rates," whenever used in the said first-mentioned Act, shall mean Monies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor mentioned in this Act; and all Lands and Premises which shall be so purchased or taken on Lease by the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers as aforesaid, of any Parish shall be conveyed, demised, and assured to such Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers alone as aforesaid, and their Successors, in trust for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be accepted, taken, and held by them as a Body Corporate, and the yearly Rent reserved by any Lease shall be chargeable upon and paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor of any such Parish, and shall be paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers as aforesaid, of such Parish as such Rent becomes payable; and if at any Time any such Rent be not paid within Thirty Days after it so becomes payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing, the Person to whom any such Rent shall be payable may either recover the same from the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers as aforesaid, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any Court of Law, or may levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of any of the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or Overseers as aforesaid.

V. ' And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Poor iw Law

Imm Ooetieuasioners, by an Order under their Hands and Seal, Commission©, upon the Receipt of a Copy under the Hands of the said Church *

hardens* 4r, where there are no Churchwardens, of the Over- the Vc*try, aeera of any Parish, of a Resolution paasqct at a Vastly duly authorized to Convened retIturo Money

494

to be borrowed for the Purposes of the Act.

Churchwardens, &c. within One Month after Publication of Order, to convene a Meeting for electing a Vestry Clerk.

Vestry Clerk elected at such Meeting not removable except by Resolution of Vestry and Consent of Poor Law Board, &c.

Duties of Ves* try Clerk.

Cap. 57. Vestries and Vestry Clerks* 13 & 14 VICT.

convened and held for the Purpose, after public Notice of the Time and Place and Purpose of holding such Vestry shall have been given in like Manner as Notices of Vestry Meetings are published and given, consenting to the Issue of such Order, to direct the Churchwardens and Overseers, or, where there are no Churchwardens, the Overseers, and such Churchwardens and Overseers, as the Case may be, are hereby required, if so directed by such Order and Resolution as aforesaid, to borrow any Sum of Money which may be required for the Purposes of this Act, and to charge the Poor Rates of the said Parish with the Repayment of the Sum borrowed for such Purpose and the Interest thereof, so nevertheless that the Sum so borrowed shall be repaid by equal annual Instalments not exceeding Ten.

VI. And whereas in Parishes whereof the Population exceeds Two thousand Persons as aforesaid various Duties are by Law imposed upon and required to be performed by the Officers of Parishes, and much Business is transacted at Vestry Meetings, and the Parish Officers and Vestries require the Assistance of a Vestry Clerk in respect of such Duties and Business; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for regulating the Appointment and for the Payment of such Vestry Clerks Be it therefore enacted, That the Churchwardens or other Persons to whom it belongs to convene Meetings of the Vestry in any such Parish shall, within the Space of One Calendar Month from and after the making and publishing of any Order of the Commissioners so applied for, if such Order extend to the Appointment of Vestry Clerk as aforesaid, and also, in case of any subsequent Vacancy in the Office of Vestry Clerk, within One Calendar Month next after such Vacancy, convene a Meeting of the Vestry of any Parish named in such Order, for the special Purpose of electing a Vestry Clerk, to perform such of the Duties herein-after mentioned as shall be applicable to such Parish, in addition to those which are or may be imposed upon Vestry Clerks by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and public Notice of such Vestry, and the Place of holding the same, and the special Purpose thereof, shall be given, in the usual Manner in which Notice of the Meetings of the Vestry is now given, at least Seven Days before the Day to be appointed for holding such Vestry; and at such Meeting the Vestry shall proceed to elect some fit and competent Person to be Vestry Clerk, and the Person so elected shall not be removable from Office except by a Resolution passed at a Vestry to be called for that special Purpose in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England, or by an Order under the Seal of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be the Duty of such Vestry Clerk, unless otherwise directed by the Poor Law Commissioners,

To give Notice of and attend the Meetings of Vestry and Committees appointed thereat;

1850.

Vestries and Vestry Clerks. Cap. 57.

To summon and attend Meetings of the Churchwardens and Overseers, when required, and to enter the Minutes thereof respectively:

To keep the Account of all Charity Monies which the Churchwardens or Overseers are authorized or are accustomed to distribute:

To keep the Vestry Books, and the Parish Deeds and Documents, and the Rate Books and Accounts which are closed, and to give Copies of and Extracts from the same to any Person entitled thereto, such Person paying for the same at the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words or Figures, and to permit any Person or Persons rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, at all reasonable Times, to inspect the same or any of them, on pain of Dismissal for neglecting to give such Copies or permit such Inspection:

To make out, when required by the Vestry, the Church Rate, and procure the same to be signed and completed, and to retain the Custody thereof, and, where there is no Collector of Poor Rates or Assistant Overseer, to make out the Poor Rate, and procure the same to be allowed, and to make all the subsequent Entries in the Rate Books, and to give the Notices thereof required by Law:

To prepare and issue the necessary Process for recovering of Arrears of Such Rates respectively before the Justices, and procure the Summons to be served, and to attend the Justices thereon, and advise the Churchwardens and Overseers as to the Recovery of such Arrears:

To keep and make out the Accounts of the Churchwardens, and to present such Accounts to the Vestiy or other legal Authority, to be passed, and to examine the Church Rate Collectors Accounts and Returns of Arrears:

To assist the Overseers in making out their Accounts (whenever required by them), and, subject to the Rules and Regulations of the Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, to examine from Time to Time the Accounts of the Assistant Overseers or Collectors of Poor Rates, and their Returns of Arrears:

To attend the Audit of Accounts of the Overseers, and conduct all Correspondence arising therefrom:

To assist the Churchwardens or Overseers in preparing and making out all other Parochial Assessments and Accounts, and in examining the Accounts of the Collectors of such Assessments:

To ascertain and make out the List of Persons liable to serve on J uries, and to cause them to be printed and duly published, and returned to the Justices:

To give the Notices for Claims to vote for Members of Parliament, and to make out Lists of Voters, and get the same printed and published, and duly returned, according to

Salary of Yes-try Clerk to be fixed by Poor Law Commissioners.

Churchwardens and Overseers not to be discharged from Performance of Duty.

Interpretation of Terms.

Cap. 57. Vestries and Vestry Clerks. 13 & 14 Vict *

Law, and to attend the Court for revising them, and to

Jrepare, make out, and publish the Burgess Lists and the *ists of Constables:

To make all Returns required of the Churchwardens or of the Overseers by Law or proper Authority:

To advise the Churchwardens and Overseers in all the Duties of their Office; and also to perform such other Duties and Services of a like Nature as the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England, from Time to Time, at the Request of the Churchwardens or Overseers of any such Parish, or otherwise, shall prescribe and direct to be performed by such Vestry Clerk,

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Amount of Salary or other Remuneration to be paid to the Vestry Clerk, as well as the Days and Times on which and the Persons by whom the same shall be payable, shall be fixed by the said Commissioners, and altered from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion; and such Salary or Remuneration shall be chargeable upon and paid eut of the Monies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor of any such Parish; and, where the said Commissioners shall deem requisite, such Vestry Clerk shall give such Security and to such Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Order Under Seal direct: Provided always, that where, under the Provisions of any Local Act or Acts of Parliament, any Person or Persons shall be paid for the Performance of any of the Duties of Vestry Clerk, or for assisting in the Performance of any of the Duties of Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, nothing herein contained respecting the Duties of the Vestry Clerk shall apply to or be deemed to apply to the Performance of such Duties while the same are so performed, or while Payment shall be made for the Performance of them as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exempt or discharge, or be construed to exempt or discharge, any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor from the Performance of any Duty required of him by Law, nor oblige him to avail himself of the Assistance of any Vestry Clerk to be appointed as aforesaid in the Performance of his Duties, unless he shall think fit so to do.

X. And be it enacted, That in this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,) "Parish" shall mean every Place having separate Overseers of the Poor and maintaining its own Poor, and also every Parish or Place having a separate Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and in which a Vestry shall have been heretofore constituted and held for parochial as well as ecclesiastical Purposes, either separately or jointly with any other Parish;" Churchwarden" shall mean also Chapel-

wardens

497

IS50. Vestries and Vestry Clerks. — Highway Rates. Cap. 57, 58.

wardens or other Persons discharging the Duties of Churchwardens in any Parish or Place as last aforesaid;"Vestry" shall mean the Inhabitants of the Parish lawfully assembled in Vestry, or for any of the Purposes for which Vestries are holden, except in those Parishes in which there is a Select Vestry elected under an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend 590. s. c. 12. the Laws for the Relief of the Poor9 or elected under an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Vestries, and for 1&2 W. 4. C. 6O. the Appointment of Auditors of Accounts, in certain Parishes in England and Wales, or elected under the Provisions of any local Act of Parliament for the Government of any Parish by Vestries, or under or by virtue of any prescriptive Custom or otherwise, in which Parishes it shall mean Select Vestry;

"Lands" shall mean Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, ef whatsoever Nature or Tenure; Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include the Feminine; Words of the Plural Number shall include the Singular; Words of the Singular Number shall include the Plural

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize for 4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. ' One Yeary and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to 1 Turnpike Roads in certain Cases, which Act has been continued

by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the Year ' One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the ' then next Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the same be further continued Be it enacted Tby the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the First Recited Act Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred ^J^rcon" and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of u Parliament.

£L And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act may or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Par- "ded, &c. fitment.

ii 2

Cap. 59.

Australian Colonies Government. 13 & 14 VICT.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 76.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies.

[5th August 1850.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, it was enacted, that there should be within the Colony of New South Wales a Legislative Council, to consist of Thirty-six Members, and that Twelve of the Members of the said Council should from Time to Time, in the Manner therein mentioned, ' be appointed by Her Majesty, and that Twenty-four of the Members of the said Council should from Time to Time, in c the Manner therein mentioned, be elected by the Inhabitant *

of the said Colony: And whereas an Act was passed in the 7 & 8 Vict c. 72. c Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to

clear up Doubts as to the Regulation and Audit of the Accounts of the Customs in New South Wales, and another Act was 7 & 8 Vict. c. 74. c passed in the same Year, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Act for the Government of New South Wales and Yan Diemen's Land: And whereas by an Act passed in the ' Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 9G. 4. C. 8S. ' the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration

of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto, His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, were empowered to appoint in Van Diemeris Land a

Legislative Council, to consist of such Persons resident in the said Colony, not exceeding Fifteen nor less than Ten, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should be pleased to nomi-c nate: And whereas the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act, 4 so far as respects the Council of Van Diemen's Land, have been made permanent by the said Act of the Sixth Year of ' Her Majesty: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth

s& 6 Vict. c. 61. Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Government of South Australia, Her Majesty is

empowered, in manner therein mentioned, to constitute within the said Colony of South Australia a Legislative Council, consisting of the Governor and Seven other Persons at the least: And whereas by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, inti-

lo G. 4. c. 22. ' tuled An Act to provide until the Thirty-first Day of December

One thousand eight hundred and thirty four for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland, His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, were empowered to make, ordain, and (subject to such Con-c ditions and Restrictions as to him or them should seem meet) 4 to authorize and empower any Three or more Persons resident ' and being within the said Settlements to make, ordain, and

constitute *

1850. Australian Colonies Government* Cap. 59. 499

constitute, Laws, Institutions, and Ordinances for the Peace,

1 Order, and good Government of His Majesty's Subjects and others within the said Settlements: And whereas the last-c mentioned Act has been from Time to Time continued, and

ultimately, by an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, 9 & 10 Vict.

was continued until the Thirty-first Day of December One thou- c. 35.

sand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the District of Port Phillip, now Part of the Colony of New 4 South Wales, should be erected into a separate Colony, and

that further Provision should be made for the Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies:' Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after such Provisions as herein-after District of Port mentioned shall have been made by the Governor and Council PhllliPtoform of New South Wales, and upon the issuing of the Writs for Cotony?to be the first Election in pursuance thereof, as herein-after mentioned, known as the the Territories now comprised within the said District of Port Colony of Phillip, including the Town of Melbourne, and bounded on the , ctont* North and North-east by a straight Line drawn from Cape

How to the nearest Source of the River Murray, and thence by the Course of that River to the Eastern Boundary of the Colony of South Australia, shall be separated from the Colony of New South Wales, and shall cease to return Members to the Legislative Council of such Colony, and shall be erected into and thenceforth form a separate Colony, to be known and designated as the Colony of Victoria.

II. And be it enacted, That the Number of Members of The Number which, after such Separation as aforesaid, the Legislative Coun- of Le?islative ril of the Colony of New South Wales shall consist, shall, in manner herein-after mentioned, be determined by the Governor may be varied, and Council of New South Wales; and there shall be within A separate Le-and for the Colony of Victoria a separate Legislative Council, gjslfatriv* Coun' to consist of such Number of Members as shall in like Manner colony cfYic-be determined by the said Governor and Council; and such toria.

Number of the Members of the Legislative Council of each of the said Colonies respectively as is equal to One Third Part of the whole Number of Members of such Council, or if such whole Number be not exactly divisible by Three, One Third of the next greater Number which is divisible by Three, shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and the remaining Members of the Council of each of the said Colonies shall be elected by the Inhabitants of such Colony.

III. And be it enacted, That after the Proclamation of this Governor-end Act in the Colony of New South Wales it shall be lawful for Council of New the Governor and Legislative Council of such Colony, by an establish Sec-0 Act to be for that Purpose made and enacted in the Manner toral Districts, and subject the Conditions now by Law required in respect of &c-Acts made and enacted by the said Governor and Council, to

Die

500

Qualification of Voters at Elections for Members of the Legislative Council.

Cap. 59 j Australian Colonies Government 13 & 14 VICT.

determine the Number of Members of which, after such Separ* ration as aforesaid of the said District of Port Phillip therefrom, ' the Legislative Council of the Colony of New South Wales shall consist, and also to determine the Number of Members of which* the Legislative Council of the said Colony of Victoria shall* consist, and also to make all necessary Provisions for dividing* the Territories which after such Separation will be comprised* within the Colony of New South Wales into convenient Electoral Districts, or for continuing such of the existing Electoral Districts as shall be deemed convenient, and for appointing and declaring the Number of Members of the Council of the Colony of New South Wales after such Separation to be elected for each such District, and for dividing the Territories to be comprised in the Colony of Victoria into convenient Electoral Districts, and for appointing and declaring the Number of Members of the Council of the Colony of Victoria to be elected for each such District, and for the Compilation and Revision of Lists of all Persons qualified to vote at the Elections to be holden within the several Districts of the said Colonies, respectively, and for the appointing of Returning Officers, and for the issuing, executing, and returning of the necessary Writs for such Elections, and for taking the Poll thereat, and for determining the Validity of all disputed Returns, and otherwise for ensuring the orderly, effective, and impartial Conduct of such Elections; provided that the Writs to be issued for the first Election of Members of the Legislative Council of the Colony of Victoria shall be issued by the Governor of New South Wales or by such Person as Her Majesty for that Purpose, by Warrant under Her Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Man of the Age of Twenty-one Years, being a natural-born or naturalized Subject of Her Majesty or legally made a Denizen of New South Wales, and having a Freehold Estate in possession situate within the District for which his Vote is to be given, of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling Money above all Charges and Incumbrances in any way affecting the same, of or to which he has been seised or entitled, either at Law or in Equity, for at least Six Calendar Months next before the Date of the Writ of such Election, or in case a Registration of Electors shall be established next before the last Registration of Electors, or being a Householder within such District, occupying a Dwelling House of the dear annual Value of Ten Pounds Sterling Money, and having resided therein Six Calendar Months next before such Writ or Registration as aforesaid, or holding at the Date of such Writ or at the Time of such Registration a Licence to Depasture Lands within the District for which his Vote is to be given from the Government of New South Wales, or having a Leasehold Estate in possession situate within such District of the Value of Ten Pounds Sterling Money per Annum, hdd upon a Lease which at the Date

501

1*50.

Australian Colonies Government. Cap. 59.

of such Writ or at the Time of Registration has not less than Three Years to run, shall be entitled to vote at the Election of a Member of the Legislative Council: Provided always, that no Man shall be entitled to vote who has been attainted or convicted of Treason, Felony, or other infamous Offence in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, unless he have received a free Pardon or one conditional on not leaving the Colony for such Offence, or have undergone the Sentence passed on him for such Offence; and provided also, that no Man shall be entitled to vote unless at the Time of such Election or Registration of Electors (as the Case may be) he shall have paid up all Rates and Taxes which shall have become payable by him as Owner or Leaseholder in respect of such Estate or as Occupier in respect of such Occupancy, or as the Holder of a Licence in respect of such Licence, except such as shall have become payable during Three Calendar Months next before such Election or Registration respectively.

V. And be it enacted, That upon the issuing of such Writs Authority of for the first Election of Members of the Legislative Council Council of of the said Colony of Victoria such Colony shall be deemed New South to be established, and the Legislative Authority of the Governor w*ies over and Council of New South Wales, and the Powers of such Governor, over and in respect of the Territories comprised in the said Colony of Victoria and the Revenues thereof, shall

VI. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions herein fir*-contained, the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the

Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, as explained and bie to New-amended by the said Acts of the Eighth x ear of Her Majesty, s1*1

shall remain applicable to the said Colony of New South Wales after such Separation as aforesaid, and to the Governor and Legislative Council thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Legislative Legislatures now by Law established within the Colonies of

Van Diemen's Land and South Australia respectively, by Laws -m van Die-or Ordinances to be for that Purpose made and enacted in the men's Land Manner and subject to the Conditions now by Law required in respect of Laws or Ordinances made by such Legislatures, to *

establish within the said Colonies of Van Diemen's Land and South Australia respectively a Legislative Council, to consist of such Number of Members, not exceeding Twenty-four, as they shall think fit; and that such Number of the Members of each Council so to be established as is equal to One Third Part of the whole Number of Members of such Council, or if such whole Number be not exactly divisible by Three such Number as is next greater than One Third of the whole Number, shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and the remaining Members of such Council shall be elected by the Inhabitants of the Colony in which such Council shall be established; and it shall be lawful for such Legislatures respectively, by such Laws or Ordinances as aforesaid* to make all necessary Provisions for

cease.

Ii 4

dividing

Present Councils in Van Diemen's Land and South Australia to cease on the Issue of the first Writs for the neir Councils.

A Legislative Council may be established in Western Australia.

Cap. 59. Australian Colonies Government. 13 & 14 VICT.

dividing the said Colony of Van Diemen's Land and the said Colony of South Australia into convenient Electoral Districts, and for appointing and declaring the Number of Members of Council to be elected for each such District, and for the Compilation and Revision of Lists of all Persons qualified to vote at the Elections to be holden within such Districts, and for the appointing of Returning Officers, and for the issuing, executing, and returning of the necessary Writs for such Elections, and for taking the Poll thereat, and for determining the Validity of all disputed Returns, and otherwise for ensuring the orderly, effective, and impartial Conduct of such Elections.

VIII. And be it enacted, That immediately after the Issue of the Writs for the first Election of Members of a Legislative Council for Van Diemen's Land established by Law or Ordinance under the Powers herein contained, such of the Provisions of the Acts herein recited or referred to, or any of them, as relate to the Constitution, Appointment, and Powers of a Council in Van Diemen's Land, shall be repealed; and immediately after the Issue of the Writs for the first Election of Members of a Legislative Council for South Australia established by Law or Ordinance under the Powers herein contained, such of the Provisions of the secondly herein recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty as relate to the Constitution, Appointment, and Powers of a Council in South Australia shall be repealed.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon the Presentation of a Petition signed by not less than One Third in Number of the Householders within the Colony of Western Australia, praying that a Legislative Council according to the Provisions of this Act be established within such Colony, and that Provision be made for charging upon the Revenues of such Colony all such Part of the Expenses of the Civil Establishment thereof as may have been previously defrayed by Parliamentary Grants, it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized and empowered to make, ordain, and establish Laws and Ordinances for the Government of the said Colony, by any Law or Ordinance to be made for that Purpose, subject to the Conditions and Restrictions to which Laws or Ordinances made by such Persons are now subject, to establish a Legislative Council within such Colony, to consist of such Number of Members as they shall think fit, and such Number of the Members of such Council as is equal to One Third Part of the whole Number of Members of such Council, or if such Number be not exactly divisible by Three, One Third of the next greater Number which is divisible by Three, shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and the remaining Members of the Council shall be elected by the Inhabitants of the said Colony; and it shall be lawful for such Persons as aforesaid, by such Law or Ordinance as aforesaid, to make all necessary Provisions for dividing Western Australia into convenient Electoral Districts and for appointing and declaring the Number of Members of Council

to

J85Q. Australian Colonies Government Cap. 59, 503

to be elected for each such District, and for the Compilation and Revision of Lists of all Persons qualified to vote at the Elections to be holden within such Districts, and for the appointing of Returning Officers, and for the issuing, executing, and returning of the necessary Writs for such Elections, and for taking the Poll thereat, and for determining the Validity of all disputed Returns, and otherwise ensuring the orderly, effective, and impartial Conduct of such Elections; provided that no Law or Ordinance establishing such Legislative Council within the said Colony of Western Australia shall have any Force or Effect unless Provision be thereby made for permanently granting to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, out of the Revenues of the said Colony, towards defraying such of the Expenses of the Establishments of the said Colony as may have been previously defrayed in whole or in part by Parliamentary Grants, a yearly Sum not less in Amount than the Sum which may have been lastly before the making of such Law or Ordinance authorized by Parliament to be issued and applied out of the Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament to defray the Charge for One Year of the said Colony, and for raising the yearly Sum so granted by means of sufficient Taxes, Duties, Rates, or Imposts to be levied on Her Majesty's Subjects within such Colony.

X. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act of the 10 G. 4. c. 22. Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth shall be revived and continue in force until the Issue of the Writs for i^e of the file first Election of Members of the Legislative Council of the first Writs for said Colony of Western Australia, and from and after the issuing Counc*1 m of such Writs such Act shall be repealed; and all Laws, In- tnduf"1 U#" stitutions, and Ordinances made, ordained, and established, and all other Acts done, in the said Colony of Western Australia, by the Persons authorized and empowered, or who if the said recited Act had not expired would have been authorized and empowered, in that Behalf, shall be and be deemed to have been as valid and effectual as if this Act had passed before the Expiration of the said recited Act.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor Power to alter and Legislative Council of the Colony of New South Wales, after Electoral Dis-the Separation of the Colony of Victoria therefrom, and also for dumber of the Governors and Legislative Councils of the said Colonies of Members, &c. Victoria, Van Diemeris Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively, after the Establishment of Legislative Councils therein under this Act, from Time to Time by any Act or Acts to establish new Electoral Districts in any Parts of the said Colonies respectively, and to alter the Divisions and Extent of the Electoral Districts of the said Colonies, and to alter and appoint the Number of Members of Council to be chosen by the said Districts, and to increase the whole Number of Members of such Legislative Councils respectively, and to alter and regulate the Appointment of Returning Officers, and make Provision in such Manner as they may deem expedient for the Issue

and

504

Certain Provisions of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. and 7 & 8 Vict c. 74. to apply to Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia.

Repeal of so much of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. as requires all Bills altering

Cap. 59. Australian Colonies Government* 13 & 14 VICX

and Return of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in such Legislative Councils respectively, and the Time and Place for holding such Elections: Provided always, that where the whole Number of Members of Council shall be increased such Number of the additional Councillors as is equal to One Third Part of the whole Increase, or if such whole Increase shall not be exactly divisible by Three such Number as is next greater than One Third of the whole Increase, shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and the remaining additional Members of Council shall be elected by the Inhabitants of the Colony.

XII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions herein contained concerning the Qualification and Disqualification of Electors in New South Wales, and subject to the Provisions herein contained, all the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, as explained and amended by the said secondly-recited Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, concerning the Election of the elective Members of the Legislative Council of New South Wales; the Qualification and Disqualification of elective Members; the Appointment of the non-elective Members of such Council, and the Tenure of their Seats, and their holding of Offices; the Resignation of Members of such Council, and the Causes by which their Seats may be vacated; the Authority of the Governor upon and in respect of Vacancies; the Hearing and Determination of Questions respectingV acancies; the Places and Times of holding such Council; the Duration, Prorogation, and Dissolution thereof; the Election, Allowance, and Disallowance of the Speaker; the Number or Portion of Members competent to the Despatch of Business; the Decision of Questions; the Oath or Affirmation to be taken or made and subscribed, and the Declaration of Qualification to be made, by Members; the Preparation, Adoption, Approval, and Confirmation or Disallowance of Standing Rules and Orders; the Issue of Write for Elections upon Vacancies and upon a Dissolution or other Determination of such Council; the Proposal of Drafts of Laws and Amendments to such Council; the giving and withholding of Her Majesty's Assent to Bills, and the Reservation of Bills for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon, and the Bills so reserved; the Instructions to be conveyed to the Governor for his Guidance in relation to the Matters aforesaid; and the Disallowance of Bills by Her Majesty, shall apply to and be in force in the Colony of Victoria, and in each of the said Colonies of Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia, in which a Legislative Council shall be established under this Act, as if all such Provisions were here repeated, the Name of such respective Colony being substituted for the Name of the Colony of New South Wales.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so much of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign Her Majesty as requires that all Bills altering the Salaries of of the Judges, or any of them, shall in every Case be reserved

for

505

185ft - Australian Colonies Government* Cap. 59.

for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon, shall not apply to or be in force in the Colonies of Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia, or any of them, and after the Establishment of the said Colony of Victoria shall be repealed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Governors of the said Colonies of Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively, with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Councils to be established in the said Colonies under this Act, shall have Authority to make Laws for the Peace, Welfare, and good Government of the said Colonies respectively, and, with the Deductions and subject to the Provisions herein contained, by such Laws to appropriate to the public Service within the said Colonies respectively the whole of Her Majesty's Revenue within such Colonies arising from Taxes, Duties, Rates, and Imposts levied on Her Majesty's Subjects within such Colonies: Provided always, that no such Law shall be repugnant to the Law of England, or interfere in any Manner with the Sale or other Appropriation of the Lands belonging to the Crown within any of the said Colonies, or with the Revenue thenoe arising; and that it shall not be lawful for any such Council to pass, or for any such Governor to assent to, any Bill appropriating to the public Service any Sums or Sum of Money, unless the Governor on Her Majesty's Behalf shall first have recommended to the Council to make Provision for the specific public Service towards which such Money is to be appropriated; and that no Part of Her Majesty's Revenue in any of the said Colonies arising from the Sources aforesaid shall be issued, or shall be made by any such Law issuable, except in pursuance of Warrants under the Hand of the Governor of the Colony, directed to the public Treasurer thereof

XV. And be it enacted, That the Revenues of the said Colonies of Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively shall be permanently charged with all the Costs, Chcurges, and Expenses incident to the Collection, Management, and Receipt thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expenses of Duties of Import and Export to be regulated and audited in such Manner as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and all such Costs, Charges, and Expenses of other Branches of the said Revenue which are subject to be appropriated by the Governors and Councils of such Colonies being subject to be regulated and audited in such Manner as shall be directed by Laws of such Governors and Councils.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after the Establishment of the said Colony of Victoria so much of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty as makes payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, out of the Revenue Pund of the said Colony of New South Wales, the

Sums

Judges Salaries to be reserved.

Governors and Legislative Councils of Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia authorized to make Laws.

Appropriation of Taxes and Issue of public Money.

Revalues to be charged with Expenses of Collection and Management.

Provisions of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 76. concerning Grants for Civil and Judicial Services repealed.

Grants for Civil and Judicial Services.

How the Appropriation of Sums granted may be varied.

Cap. 59. Australian Colonies Government 13 & 14 VICT.

Sums therein mentioned for defraying the Expenses of the Services and Purposes named in the Schedules to the said Act, and the Provisions concerning the Appropriation of such Sums, shall be repealed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be payable to Her Majesty, every Year, out of the Revenue Funds arising from Taxes, Duties, Rates, and Imposts levied within the said Colony of New South Wales after the Establishment of the Colony of Victoria, the several Sums mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act; and out of the like Revenue Fund levied within the said Colony of Victoria after the Establishment thereof, the several Sums mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act; and out of the like Revenue Fund levied within the Colony of Van Diemen's Land after the Establishment of a Legislative Council therein under this Act, the several Sums mentioned in the Schedule (C.) to this Act; and out of the like Revenue Fund levied within the Colony of South Australia after the Establishment of a Legislative Council therein under this Act, the several Sums mentioned in the Schedule (D.) to this Act; such several Payments to be made for defraying the Expenses of the Services and Purposes mentioned in the said Schedules respectively, and the said several Sums to be issued by the Treasurers of the said Colonies respectively in discharge of such Warrants as shall be from Time to Time directed to them under the Hands and Seals of the Governors of such Colonies; and the said Treasurers shall account to Her Majesty for the same through the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in such Manner and Form as Her Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Legislative Councils of the said Colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, and South Australia respectively, by any Act or Acts, to alter all or any of the Sums mentioned in the said Schedules respectively, and the Appropriation of such Sums to the Services and Purposes therein mentioned, but every Bill which shall be passed by the Council in any of the said Colonies altering the Salary of the Governor, or altering the Sums mentioned in the Third Part of any of the said Schedules (A.), (B.), and (C.), shall be reserved for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon, and until and subject to such Alteration by Act or Acts as aforesaid the Salaries of the Governors and Judges shall be those respectively set against their several Offices in the First Parts of the said several Schedules; and Accounts in Detail of the Expenditure of the several Sums for the Time being appropriated under this Act, or such Act or Acts as aforesaid of the Governor and Legislative Council, to the several Services and Purposes mentioned in the said Schedules, shall be laid before the Legislative Councils of such Colonies respectively within Thirty Days next after the Beginning of the Session

t after

1850. Australian Coldtiies Government Cap. 59. 507

after such Expenditure shall have been made: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Legislative Council of any of the said Colonies, by any such Act as aforesaid, to make any Diminution in the Salary of any Judge to take effect during the Continuance in Office of any Person being such Judge at the Time of the passing of such Act; and provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Colonies respectively (either before or after such Sums have been altered by Act or Acts of the Governor and Legislative Council as aforesaid) to alter from Time to Time the Sums appropriated to any of the Services and Purposes mentioned in the First Parts of the said Schedules, except the Salaries of the Governors and Judges, and also the Sums appropriated to any of the Services and Purposes mentioned in the Second Parts of the said Schedules, but such Governors respectively shall not by such Alteration increase the total Amount for the Time being appropriated under this Act, or such Act or Acts of the Governor and Legislative Council, to the Services and Purposes mentioned in either of such Parts of the said Schedules, nor contravene any Provision made by Act or Acts of the Governor and Legislative Council for the permanent Appropriation of any Sum to any of such Services and Purposes.

XIX. And be it enacted, That within Thirty Days after the Govern on to Beginning of the first Session in each Year of the Legislative |ntT!itVn' Councils of the said Colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Van potion. PPr°" Diemen's Land, and South Australia, the Governors of such

Colonies respectively shall make known by Message to such Legislative Councils the Amount of the Sums intended to be appropriated out of the Sums applicable thereto to the several Services and Purposes named in the Second Parts of the said several Schedules for the Service of the Year then next ensuing.

XX. And whereas by the said firstly-recited Act of the 5 & 6 Vict>

1 Sixth Year of Her Majesty it was enacted, that it should be '6* "*41#

lawful for the Governor, by Letters Patent under the Great

Seal of the Colony of New South Wales, to incorporate the i Inhabitants of every County within the said Colony, or of ' such Parts of Counties or other Divisions as to him should f seem fit, to form Districts for the Purposes of that Act, and f by such Letters Patent to establish a Council in every such

District for the local Government thereof, subject to certain ' Provisions in the same Act contained Be it enacted, That Certain Char, where under any Letters Patent issued under the Provision lastly herein-before recited there has not been before the Pro- cii« avoided, clamation of this Act in the said Colony of New South Wales and certain any Election of Councillors for the District formed by such ^to b^rel Letters Patent, such Letters Patent shall from and after such YOked on Peii. Proclamation be void; and where before such Proclamation tion. there has been an Election of Councillors for the District formed by any such Letters Patent, it shall be lawful for the Governor of the said Colony of New South Wales, and after the Establishment of the Colony of Victoria in the Case of a District within the

Governors of New South Wales and Victoria may grant Charters on Petition, but not otherwise.

Preceding Enactment extended to Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia, after Establishment of Legislative Councils *

Cap. 6 9: Australian Colonies Government; 13 & 14 Vict.

the Territories comprised in such Colony, for the Governor of such Colony, upon the Petition of the Council in such District, or if there be no such Council existing, then, upon the Petition of the inhabitant Householders of such District, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the said Colony of Netc South Wales or of the said Colony of Victoria (as the Case may require), wholly to revoke the Letters Patent forming such District; and it shall be lawful for the Governor of the said Colony of New South Wales or of the said Colony of Victoria (as the Case may require), upon the Petition of the inhabitant Householders of any District heretofore formed by any such Letters Patent as aforesaid which shall become void or be revoked under this Act, or of any County, Part of a County, or other Division comprised in any such District, or in more than One such District, or of any other County, Part of a County, or other Division not comprised in any District formed by any such Letters Patent as aforesaid which shall continue m force, or by any Letters Patent to be issued as hereinafter mentioned, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the said Colony of New South Wales or of the said Colony of Victoria (as the Case may require) to incorporate the Inhabitants of such District or of such County, Part of a County, or other Division to form a District for the Purposes of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, and of this Act, and by such Letters Patent to establish a Council in every such District for the Local Government thereof; provided always, that Notice of every such Petition for the Grant of such Letters Patent for forming a District and establishing a Council therein, and of the Time when the Governor intends to take the same into consideration, shall be published by Proclamation One Month at least before the Consideration of such Petition; and the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, concerning the Provisions to be contained in Letters Patent issued under that Act for forming Districts and establishing a Council in every such District, shall extend and be applicable to all Letters Patent issued under this Act for forming Districts and establishing District Councils as if such Provisions of the said Act were here repeated, the Name of the Colony of Victoria, where the Case may require, being substituted for the Name of the Colony of New South Wales; and, save as herein provided, it shall not be lawful for the Governor of the said Colony of New South Wales to form Districts and establish Councils in such Districts as by the lastly herein-before recited Enactment authorized or required.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Provision of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty as amended by this Act, authorizing the Governor of the said Colony of New South Wales, upon such Petition as herein mentioned, to form Districts, and establish a Council in every such District, shall apply to and be in force in each of the said Colonies of Van Diemen's Land, South Australia* and Western Australia *

Australian Colonies Government.

Cap. 59.

in which a Legislative Council shall be established under this Act, as if such Provision were here repeated, the Name of such respective Colony being substituted for the Name of the Colony of New South Wales.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, concerning the Authority of District Councils to make Bye Laws, the Transmission of a Copy of every such Bye Law to the Governor of the Colony, the Disallowance and the Time of coming into effect of such Bye Law, the Authority of the Governor to specify the Metes and Bounds of Districts, the Number of Councillors for every District, and the Time and Manner of their Election, to fix the Qualification of the Councillors, to nominate the Councillors* who shall form the First Councils in every District, to appoint the Order and Manner of their going out of Office, to fix Penalties for qualified Persons refusing to take Office in the Council, and to make all other necessary Provisions for establishing District Councils, for defining their Powers, and enabling them to exercise their Functions, and the Authority of the Governor in every Case of Vacancy of the Office of District Councillor, if a new Election be not made within the Time in the same Act mentioned, to nominate a Person to fill the Vacancy, shall extend and be applicable to all Letters Patent issued under this Act for forming Districts and establishing District Councils, and to such Districts and District Councils, as if all such Provisions were here repeated, the Name of the Colony in which such District is formed being (where the Case may require) substituted for the Name of the Colony of New South Wales.

XXIII. And whereas by the said firstly-recited Act of the ' Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty it was enacted, that ' one Half of the Expense of the Police Establishment of the ' said Colony of New South Woles (exclusive of the Convict ' Establishment) should be defrayed out of the general Revenue

arising from Taxes, Duties, Rates, and Imposts within the ' said Colony, and the other Half should be defrayed by Assess-

ment upon the several Districts of the Colony, in such Proportions as should be from Time to Time fixed by the Governor

and Legislative Council Be it enacted, That so much of the Provision lastly herein-before recited as requires that Half of the Expense of such Police Establishment as aforesaid shall be defrayed by Assessment upon the several Districts of the Colony shall be repealed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any Letters Patent issued under the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, or to be issued under this Act, or anything in either of such Acts contained, it shall be lawful for the Governors and Councils of the said Colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively by any Act or Acts to make such Regulations and Provisions for or concerning the

raising,

509

Provisions of 5 & 6 Vict c. 76. concerning District Councils, &c. extended to District Councils established under this Act.

Certain Provision of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 76., requiring Half the Expense of the Police Establishment to be borne by the several Districts, repealed.

Governors and Legislative Councils may regulate Tolls and Rates in Districts, alter Constitution and Duties of District Councils and Number and Boundaries of Districts.

510

Existing Laws to remain in force.

Removing Doubts as to certain Taxes imposed by Governor and Council of Van Diemen's Land.

Customs Duties may be imposed on any Goods.

Cap. 59. Australian Colonies Government 13 & 14 VICT.

raising, assessing, and levying of Tolls, Rates, and Assessments within or on or in respect of any public Works or any Property within Districts formed in such Colonies respectively under the said Act or this Act, and the Appropriation of such Tolls, Rates, and Assessments, and to make such Alterations and Provisions in and concerning the Constitution, Duties, and Powers of District Councils, and such Alterations in the Number and Boundaries of Districts, and such Provisions for establishing District Councils in new or altered Districts, as to such respective Governors and Councils may seem meet.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all Laws and Ordinances made under the Provisions hereby repealed or otherwise, and which shall be in force in the Territories comprised in the said Colony of Victoria, and in the said Colonies of Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively, at the Time of the Issue of the Writs for the first Election of Legislative Councils in the said Colonies respectively under this Act, so far as the same are consistent with, the Provisions of this Act, shall continue in force in the said Colonies respectively, subject, as to such Laws or Ordinances as would then have remained subject to be disallowed by Her Majesty, to the Authority of Her Majesty to disallow the same within the Time within which such Disallowance might have been signified in case this Act had not been passed, and subject to the Power of the Governors and Legislative Councils of the said respective Colonies, in the Manner and subject to the Rules and Restrictions herein prescribed, to repeal or vary such Laws or Ordinances; and where under any Law which shall be in force at the Time aforesaid in the Territories to be comprised in the Colony of Victoria any Powers are vested in or may be delegated to the Governor of New South Wales, the same, so far as respects all Territories to be comprised within the Colony of Victoria, and so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions of this Act, shall thenceforth be vested in and may be delegated to the Governor of the said Colony of Victoria.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth as requires that the Purposes for which every such Tax or Duty as therein mentioned may be imposed, and to or towards which the Amount thereof is to be appropriated and applied, shall be distinctly and plainly stated in the Body of every Law or Ordinance imposing every such Tax or Duty, shall be repealed; and no such Law or Ordinance made or to be made by the Governor and Council of Van Diemen's Land, and enrolled and recorded in the Supreme Court of the said Colony, shall be or deemed to have been invalid by reason of such Purposes not being so stated in the Body of such Law or Ordinance.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Provisions of this Act, and notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Legislative Council of the Colony of New South Wales, and after

1850. Australian Colonies Government* Cap. 59. fill

after the Establishment of Legislative Councils therein respectively under this Act for the respective Governors and Legislative Councils of the Colonies of Victoria, Van Diemen's Land,

South Australia, and Western Australia, to impose and levy such Duties of Customs as to such respective Governors and Councils may seem fit on the Importation into such respective Colonies of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, whether the Produce or Manufacture of or imported from the United Kingdom, or any of the Colonies or Dependencies of the United Kingdom, or any Foreign Country: Provided always, that no new Duty shall be so imposed upon the Importation into any of the said Colonies of any Article the Produce or Manufacture of or imported from any particular Country or Place which shall not be equally imposed on the Importation into the same Colony of the like Article the Produce or Manufacture of or imported from all other Countries and Places whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas under an Act of the Governor and a Supreme 1 Council of New South Wales passed in the Fourth Year of CouiV?A3r.be 4 the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for Victhe more effectual Administration of Justice in New South toruu Wales and its Dependencies, the Number of the Judges of the Supreme Court of New South Wales constituted under the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth has been increased to Five, and One of such Judges is resident,

and has such Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority within the District of Port Phillip, subject to such Appeal to the said Supreme Court, as by the said Act of the Governor and Council of New South Wales is provided:' Be it enacted.

That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to erect and appoint a Court of Judicature in the said Colony of Victoria, which shall be styled The Supreme Court of the Colony of Victoria; n and such Court shall be holden by One or more Judge or Judges, and shall have such ministerial and other Officers as shall be necessary for the Administration of Justice in the said Court, and for the Execution of the Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and Process thereof; and all the Provisions of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, concerning the Appointment and Removal of Judges and Officers of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and for appointing Persons to act in the Place and Stead of Judges being absent, resigning, dying, or becoming incapable to act, and concerning Appeals to Her Majesty in Council from Judgments, Decrees, Orders, or Sentences of such Court, shall apply to the said Supreme Court to be erected in the said Colony of Victoria, but so that the Powers of the Governor of New South Wales in relation to the Matters aforesaid shall be vested in the Governor of the Colony of Victoria; and from such Time as shall be mentioned in such Letters Patent all the Authorities, Powers, and Jurisdiction K k of

LegisUtures of New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, and Victoria empowered to make further Provisions for the Admini* tration of Justice.

Boundaries of New South Wales and Victoria may be altered by Order in Council.

Duties not to be levied on Supplies for Troops; nor any Duties, &c. inconsistent with Treaties.

Cap. 59i Australian Colonies Government' 13 & 14 YlOT.

of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, and of any Judge thereof, over or to be exercised within or in relation to the said Colony of Victoria, including all Admiralty Jurisdiction exercisable within the Limits thereof, shall cease to be had and exercised by such last-mentioned Supreme Court and Judge respectively, and shall thenceforth be vested in and exercisable by the Supreme Court erected by such Letters Patent; provided that in the meantime the said Authorities, Powers, and Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court of New South Wales and of the Judges thereof, within and in respect of the said Colony of* Victoria shall remain as if this Act had not been passed, unless or until the same shall be varied by Act of the Governor and Council of the said Colony of Victoria.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Councils of the said Colonies of New South, Wales, Van Diemen's Land, and Victoria respectively, from Time to Time, by any Act or Acts, to make such Provision as to them may seem meet for the better Administration of Justice, and for defining the Constitution of the Courts of Law and Equity and of Juries, within the said Colonies respectively, or within any present or future Dependencies thereof respectively, anything in the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, or in this Act, or in any Charter of Justice or Order in Council made or issued in pursuance thereof respectively, or in any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in case at any Time here* after the Legislative Councils of the said Colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, or the Legislative Council of one of the said Colonies, shall petition Her Majesty to alter the Boundaries of the said Colonies of New South Wales and Victoria, so as to transfer to one of such Colonies a Portion of the Territories which, after the Separation authorized by this Act, shall be comprised in the other of them, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if She shall think fit, by 'any Order to be made with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to alter such Boundaries in pursuance of the Prayer of such Petitions or Petition, or in such varied Manner as Her Majesty with such Advice shall think fit: Provided always, that unless the Councils of both the said Colonies shall petition for an Alteration of such Boundaries, Notice of the Petition, and of the Intention of Her Majesty to order the same to be taken into consideration by Her Privy Council, shall be given in such Manner as Her Majesty shall direct to the Legislative Council which shall not have petitioned. Six Months at least before such Petition shall be so considered

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Legislatures of any of the said Colonies to levy any Duty upon Articles imported for the Supply of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces, nor to levy any Duty, impose any Prohibition or Restriction, or grant any Exemption, Bounty *

Drawback,

.1860.

AmtrmUan CMtod* Otvirnment.

CfcjK 59.

518

Power to Go* Teraors and Councils, with Assent of Her Majesty in Connell* to alter the Cotwti* tution of the Legislative Councils.

JhsWbMk, other Privilege, upon the Importati&i or Exportation of any Articles, nor to impose any Dues or Charges upon Supping, contrary to or at variance with any Treaty or Treaties concluded by Her Majesty with any Foreign Power.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Legislative Council of the Colony of New South Wales after the Separation therefrom of the Colony of Victoria, and for the Governors tod Legislative Councils of the said Colonies of Victories Van Diemen's Land, South Australia, and Western Australia respectively, after the Establishment of Legislative Councils therein tinder this Act, from Time to Time, by any Act or Acts to alter the Provisions or Laws for the Time being in force under this Act, or otherwise, concerning the Election of the elective Members of such Legislative Councils respectively, the Qualification of Electors and elective Members, or to esta-. blah in the said Colonies respectively, instead of the Legislative Council, a Council and a House of Representatives, or other separate Legislative Houses, to consist respectively of such Mem* hers to bt appointed or elected respectively by such Persons and in such Manner as by BUch Act or Acts shall be determined, and to vest in such Council and House of Representatives or other separate Legislative Houses the Powers and Functions of the Legislative Council for which the same may be substituted:

Provided always, that every Bill which shall be passed by the Council in any of the said Colonies for any of such Purposes shall be reserved for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon; and a Copy of such Bill shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament for the Space of Thirty Days at the least before Her Majesty's Pleasure thereon shall be signified.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, as explained and amended by the and secondly-recited Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, concerning Bills reserved for the Signification of Ber Majesty's Pleasure thereon, shall be applicable to every Bill so reserved under the Provisions of this Act.

XXXIV. And whereas by the said firstly-recited Act of Provision of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Power is reserved 5 & 6 Vict. to Her Majesty by Letters Patent to be from Time to Time pjwewtod^ issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland to fine Limits, &c. define the Limits of the said Colony of New South Wales, and °JNew to erect into a separate Colony or Colonies any Territories e#exten which then were or were reputed to be or thereafter might be comprised within the said Colony of New South Wales, provided that no Part of the Territories lying Southward of the Twenty-sixth Degree Of South Latitude in the said Colony of New Semth Wales should by any such Letters Patent as aforesaid be detached from the said Colony: And whereas it is expedient that the .Power reserved to Her Majesty as aforesaid

Provision as to the Reservation of Bills for Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure.

Upon Petition of Inhabitants, Territories lying Northward of Thirtieth Degree of South Latitude may be detached from New South Wales.

Legislative Councils may be established in the newly erected Colonies.

Cap. 59. Australian Colonies Covemnumt. 13 & 14 VICT.

said should be extended over certain Parts of the said Terri- tones lying Southward of the Twenty-sixth Degree of South ' Latitude, upon the Application of the Inhabitants thereof:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, upon the Petition of the Inhabitant Householders of any such of the Territories in the said recited Proviso mentioned as lie Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of South Latitude, to detach such Territories from the Colony of New South Wales, and to erect such Territories into a separate Colony or Colonies, or to include the same in any Colony or Colonies to be established under the Powers of the last-mentioned Act; and all the Powers and Provisions of the last-mentioned Act in respect to any new Colony or Colonies to be established under such Act shall extend to any new Colony or Colonies to be established under this Enactment.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Legislature which may be constituted according to the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act in any Colony established under such Act, or under the Enactment hereinbefore contained, by any Ordinance or Ordinances to be made for that Purpose, subject to the Conditions and Restrictions to which Ordinances to be made by such Legislature may by Law be subject, to establish a Legislative Council within such Colony, to consist of such Number of Members as they shall think fit; and such Number of the Members of such Council as is equal to One Third Part of the whole Number of Members of such Council, or if such Number be not exactly divisible by Three, One Third of the next greater Number which is divisible by Three, shall be appointed by Her Majesty, and the remaining Members of the Council shall be elected by the Inhabitants of such Colony; and it shall be lawful for such Legislature, by such Law or Ordinance as aforesaid, to make all necessary Provisions for dividing such Colony into convenient Electoral Districts, and for appointing and declaring the Number of Members of Council to be elected for each such District, and for the Compilation and Revision of Lists of all Persons qualified to vote at the Elections to be holden within such Districts, and for the appointing of Returning Officers, and for the issuing, executing, and returning of the necessary Writs for such Elections, and for taking the Poll thereat, and for determining the Validity of all disputed Returns, and otherwise ensuring the orderly, effective, and impartial Conduct of such Elections; and upon the Establishment in such Colony of a Legislative Council under this Provision, all the Provisions of this Act and of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, and of the said secondly-recited Act of the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, which are hereby made applicable to the Colony of Western Australia, after the Establishment under this Act of a Legislative Council therein, shall become applicable to the Colony in which a Legislative Council is established under this Provision, as if all such Provisions were here repeated and applied to every such Colony *

18501 Australian Colonies Government Cap. 59. 515

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That by the Term " Governor" Interpretation of the Colonies mentioned in this Act, as used in this Act, shall °*u Governor." be understood the Persons for the Time being lawfully administering the Government of such Colonies respectively, and until

Her Majesty shall issue a Commission appointing a Governor of the Colony of Victoria, the Superintendent of Port Phillip shall be deemed the Person administering the Government of the Colony of Victoria.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be pro- Commence-claimed in New South Wales, Van Diemen's Land, South Austro- n*nt of this Ua, and Western Australia, by the respective Governors thereof, Act* within Six Weeks after a Copy of such Act shall have been received by such Governors respectively, and, save as herein expressly provided, shall take effect within such Colonies respectively from the Day of such Proclamation thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of tended, &c. Parliament.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

NEW SOUTH WALES.

SCHEDULE (A.) Part 1.

Governor -Chief Justice Two Puisne Judges Salaries of the Attorney and Solicitor General, ' Crown Solicitor, and contingent and laneous Expenses of the Administration Justice throughout the Colony

General, miscel- I tion of j

5.000

2.000 3,000

19,000

29,000

SCHEDULE (A) Part 2.

Colonial Secretary, and his Department Colonial Treasurer, and his Department Auditor General, and his Department Salary of Clerk, and miscellaneous Expenses of Executive Council Pensions -

6.500

4.000

3.000

500

2.500

16, 500

Kk 3

SCHEDULE (A.) Part 3.

Public Worship -

VICTORIA.

SCHEDULE (B.) Part 1.

Governor -

Judge -

Salaries of Attorney General and Crown Solicitor, and contingent and miscellaneous Expenses of the Administration of Justice throughout the Colony

2,000

1, 500

5,000

8, 500

SCHEDULE (B.) Part 2.

Colonial Secretary, and his Department Colonial Treasurer, and his Department Auditor General and hit Department -Salary of Clerk of Executive Council, and miscellaneous Expenses - /

Pensions -

2,000

1, 500

1, 100

400

500

SCHEDULE (B.) Part 3.

Public Worship

5, 500

6,000

VAN DIEMEN'S LAND.

SCHEDULE (C.) Part I.

Governor -

Chief Justice -

Puisne Judge -

Salaries of Attorney and Solicitor General, 1 Crown Solicitors, and contingent and miscel- I laneous Expenses of Administration of Jus- j tioe throughout the Colony.

2,000

1, 500

1, 200

13, 300

18,000

SCHEDULE (C.) Part 2.

Colonial Secretary, and his Department Colonial Treasurer, and his Department Auditor General, and his Department Salary of Clerk of Executive Council, and miscellaneous Expenses -

Pensions *

2, 800

1, 800

1, 600

700

2,000

SCHEDULE (C.) Part 3. Public Worship -

SOUTH AUSTRALIA.

SCHEDULE (D.) Part 1.

Governor -Judge - Salaries of the Advocate General and Crown 1 Solicitor, and contingent and miscellaneous | Expenses of the Administration of Justice throughout the Colony - -J — — i i 1

8,000

SCHEDULE (D.) Part 2. Colonial Secretary, and his Department Colonial Treasurer, and his Department Auditor General, and his Department Salary of Clerk of Executive Council, and nods- ) cellaneous Expenses - J £ 2,000 1, 500 1,000 500

5,000

CAP. LX.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance and Transfer of Real and Personal Property vested in Mortgagees and Trustees.

[5th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the

* ' Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act for amending the Laws respecting

ances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees

K k 4 ' and

11 G.4. l W. 4.

Cap. 60. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 VICT *

and Mortgagees, and far enabling Courts of Equity to give ' Effect to their Decrees and Orders in certain Coxes: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 23. His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law relative to the Escheat and Forfeiture of Real and Personal Property holden in trust: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign l & 2 Vict. c. 69. 6 of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Doubts ' respecting Conveyances of Estates vested in Heirs and Devisees s of Mortgagees: And whereas it is expedient that the Provi-

sions of the said Acts should be consolidated and enlarged Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Proceedings under the said Acts or any of them commenced before the passing of this Act may be proceeded with under the said

- > — recited Acts, or according to the Provisions of this Act, as shall hXLjE be thought expedient, and, subject as aforesaid, that the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that the several Acts repealed by the said recited Act shall not be revived, and that such Repeal shall only be on and after this Act coming into operation.

of T^m!*tio11 H* f And whereas it is expedient to define the Meaning in Prm" ' which certain Words are hereafter usedit is declared, That the several Words herein-after named are herein used and applied in the Manner following respectively; (that is to say,)

The Word " Lands" shall extend to and include Manors, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, corporeal and incorporeal, of every Tenure or Description, whatever may be the Estate or Interest therein:

The Word " Stock" shall mean any Fund, Annuity, or Security transferable in Books kept by any Company or Society established or to be established, or transferable by Deed alone, or by Deed accompanied by other Formalities, and any Share or Interest therein:

/ r

The Word " seised" shall be applicable to any vested Estate for Life or of a greater Description, and shall extend to Estates at Law and in Equity, in possession or in futurity, in any Lands:

The Word " possessed " shall be applicable to any vested Estate less than a Life Estate, at Law or in Equity, in possession or in expectancy, in any Lands:

<The Words " contingent Right," as applied to Lands, shall mean a contingent or executory Interest, a Possibility coupled with an Interest, whether the Object of the Gift or Limitation of such Interest or Possibility be or be not ascertained, also a Right of Entry, whether immediate or future, and whether vested or contingent:

The

519

1850, >7%* Trustee Act) 1850. Cap. 60 *

The Words " convey " and " Conveyance," applied to any Person, shall mean the Execution by such Person of every necessary or suitable Assurance for conveying or disposing to another Lands whereof such Person is seised or entitled to a contingent Right, either for the whole Estate of the Person conveying or disposing, or for any less Estate, together with the Performance of all Formalities required by Law to the Validity of such Conveyance, including the Acts to be performed by married Women and Tenants in Tail in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, and including also Surrenders and other Acts which a Tenant of Customary or Copyhold Lands can himself perform preparatory to or in aid of a complete Assurance of such Customary or Copyhold Lands:

The Words " assign " and " Assignment" shall mean the Execution and Performance by a Person of every necessary or suitable Deed or Act for assigning, surrendering, or otherwise transferring Lands of which such Person is possessed, either for the whole Estate of the 'Person so possessed or for any less Estate:

3 & 4 W.4. c. 74.

The Word " transfer" shall mean the Execution and Performance of every Deed and Act by which a Person entitled to Stock can transfer such Stock from himself to another:

The Words "Lord Chancellor" shall mean as well the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain as any Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being:

The Words "Lord Chancellor of Ireland" shall mean as well the Lord Chancellor of Ireland as any Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being:

The Word "Trust" shall not mean the Duties incident to an Estate conveyed by way of Mortgage; but, with this Exception, the Words " Trust" and "Trustee" shall extend to and include implied and constructive Trusts, and shall extend to and include Cases where the Trustee has some beneficial Estate or Interest in the Subject of the Trust, and shall extend to and include the Duties incident to the Office of personal Representative of a deceased Person: The Word " Lunatic" shall mean any Person who shall have been found to be a Lunatic upon a Commission of Inquiry in the Nature of a Writ De lunatico inquirendo:

The Expression " Person of unsound Mind" shall mean any Person, not an Infant, who, not having been found to be a Lunatic, shall be incapable from Infirmity of Mind to manage his own Affairs:

The

f-7

MO

Cap. 60.

The That* Act, 1860. 13 & 14 VICT,

7,

s '

Lord Chancellor may convey Estates of Lunatic Trustees and Mort-g«gees;

may convey contingent Rights.

Lord Chancellor may transfer Stock of Lunatic Trustees and Mortgagees.

The Word Devisee " shall, in addition to its ordinary' Signification* mean the Heir of a Devisee and the Devisee of an Heir, and generally any Person claiming an Interest in the Lands of a deceased Person, not as Heir of such deceased Person, but by a Title dependent solely upon the Operation of the Laws concerning Devise and Deseent: The Word " Mortgage " shall be applicable to every Estate, Interest, or Property in Lands or Personal Estate which would in a Court of Equity be deemed merely a Security for Money:

The Word "Person" used and referred to in the Masculine Gender shall include a Female as well as a Male, and shall a include a Body Corporate:

And generally, unless the contrary shall appear from the Context, every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend to several Persons or Things, and every Word importing the Plural Number shall apply to one Person or Thing, and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall extend to a Female.

III. And be it enacted, That, when any Lunatic or Person of unsound Mind shall be seised or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted by virtue of the Queen's Sign Manual with the Care of the Persons and Estates of Lunatics, to make an Order that such Lands be vested in such Person or Persons in such Maimer and for such Estate as he shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee or Mortgagee had been sane, and had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

IV. And be it enacted, That when any Lunatic or Person of unsound Mind shall be entitled to any contingent Bight in any Lands upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to make an Order wholly releasing such Lands from such contingent Bight, or disposing of the same to such Person or Persons as the said Lora Chancellor shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee or Mortgagee had been sane, and had duly executed a Deed so releasing or disposing of the contingent Bight.

V. And be it enacted, That when any Lunatic or Person of

unsound Mind shall be solely entitled to any Stock or to any Chose in Action upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to make an Order vesting in any Person or Persons the Bight to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Aotion, or any Interest in respect thereof; and when any Person oar Persons shall be entitled jointly with any Lunatic or Person of unsound Mind to any Stock or Chose in Action upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for. the said Lord Chan-. _ cellor

|«G. The Trustee Act, 1830. Cap. 60, 52L

oaDor to make an Order vesting the Right to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Action, or any Interest in respect thereof, either in such Person or Persons so jointly entitled aa. aforesaid, or in such last-mentioned Person' or Persons together with any other Person or Persons the said Lord Chancellor may appoint

VI. And be it enacted, That when any Stock shall be stand- Power to training in the Name of any deceased Person whose personal Representative is a Lunatic or Person of unsound Mind, or when any Chose in Action shall be vested in any Lunatio or Person of unsound Mind as the personal Representative of a deceased Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to make an Order vesting the Right to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Action or any Interest in respect thereof, in any Person or Persons he may appoint

VII. And be it enacted, That where any Infont shall be Oramtf Cha»-seised or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust or by way £2t»of of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to inftwt Trustee* make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons and MortpgM*. in such Manner and for such Estate as the said Court shall direot; and the Order shall have the aajne Effect as if the infant Trustee or Mortgagee had been Twenty-one Years of Age, and had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Infont shall be Contingent entitled to any contingent Right in any Lands upon any Trust ffshto or by way of Mortgage, it shall be lawful for the Court of Mintg^rm Chancery to make an Order wholly releasing such Lands from such contingent Right, or disposing of the same to snob Person or Persons as the said Court shall direot; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Infant had been Twenty-one Tears of Age, and had duly executed a Deed so releasing or disposing of the contingent Right.

IX. And be it enacted, That when any Person solely seised Court of Ckan-or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust shall be out of the 07 "*r Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or cannot be found, it ^Ttarara* shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order vesting out of the such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for Jurisdiction of such Estate as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall e , Tt* have the same Effect as if the Trustee had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner and for the same Estate.

X. And be it enacted, That when any Person or Persons Court may shall be seised or possessed of any Lands jointly with a Person " *

out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or who cannot Pen^n, be found, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order seised of Land* vesting the Lands in the Person or Persons so jointly seised or possessed, or in such last-mentioned Person or Persons together jurbdLtioVof with any other Person or Persons, in such Manner and for such* court, &c.

Estate

522

Contingent Righto of Trustees.

Court may make Order in Cases where Persons are jointly entitled with others out of the Jurisdiction of the Court to a contingent Right in Lands.

When it is uncertain which of several Trustees was the Survivor.

When it is uncertain whether the last Trustee be living or dead.

When Trustee dies without an Heir,

Cap. 60. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 VICT.

Estate as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee out of the Jurisdiction, or who cannot be found, had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

XI. And be it enacted, That when any Person solely entitled to a contingent Right in any Lands upon any Trust shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order wholly releasing such Lands from such contingent Right, or disposing of the same to such Person or Persons as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee had duly executed a Conveyance so releasing or disposing of the contingent Right.

XII. And be it enacted, That when any Person jointly entitled with any other Person or Persons to a contingent Right in any Lands upon any Trust shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order disposing of the contingent Right of the Person out of the Jurisdiction, or who cannot be found, to the Person or Persons so jointly entitled as aforesaid, or to such last-mentioned Person or Persons together with any other Person or Persons; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee out of the Jurisdiction, or who cannot be found, had duly executed a Conveyance so releasing or disposing of the contingent Right.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where there shall have been: Two or more Persons jointly seised or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust, and it shall be uncertain which of such Trustees was the Survivor, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for such Estate as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Survivor of such Trustees had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

XIV. And be it enacted, That where any One or more Person or Persons shall have been seised or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust, and it shall not be known, as to the Trustee last known to have been seised or possessed, whether he be living or dead, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for such Estate as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the last Trustee had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

XV. And be it enacted, That when any Person seised of any Lands upon any Trust shall have died intestate as to such Lands without an Heir, or shall have died and it shall not be known who is his Heir or Devisee, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for such Estate as

the

1850.

The Tftutee Act, 1850.

Cap. 60.

£23

the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Heir ^or Devisee of such Trustee had duly executed a Conveyance of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

XVX. And be it enacted, That when any Lands are subject to a contingent Eight in an unborn Person or Class of unborn Persons who upon coming into existence would in respect thereof become seised or possessed of such Lands upon any Trust, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order which shall wholly release and discharge such Lands from such contingent Eight in such unborn Person or Class of unborn Persons, or to make an Order which shall vest in any Person or Persons the Estate or Estates which such unborn Person or Class of unborn Persons would upon coming into existence be seised or possessed of in such Lands.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where any Person jointly or solely seised or possessed of any Lands upon any Trust shall, after a Demand by a Person entitled to require a Conveyance or Assignment of such Lands, or a duly authorized Agent of such last-mentioned Person, have stated in Writing that he will not convey or assign the same, or shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign such Lands for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a proper Deed for conveying or assigning the same shall have been tendered to him by any Person entitled to require the same, or by a duly authorized Agent of such last-mentioned Person, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for such Estate as the said Court shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner for the same Estate.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person jointly or solely entitled to a contingent Eight in any Lands upon any Trust shall, after a Demand for a Conveyance or Release of such contingent Eight by a Person entitled to require the same, or a duly authorized Agent of such last-mentioned Person, have stated in Writing that he will not convey or release such contingent Right, or shall neglect or refuse to convey or release such contingent Eight for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a proper Deed for conveying or releasing the same shall have been tendered to him by any Person entitled to require the same, or by a duly authorized Agent of such last-mentioned Person, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order releasing or disposing of such contingent Eight in such Manner as it shall direct; and the Order shall have the same Effect as if the Trustee so neglecting or refusing had duly executed a Conveyance so releasing or disposing of the contingent Right.

AIX. And be it enacted, That when any Person to whom any Lands have been conveyed by way of Mortgage shall have died without having entered into the Possession or into the Receipt

Contingent Right of unborn Trustee.

Power to convey in place of a refusing Trustee.

Power lo convey in place of Person entitled to contingent Right

Power to convey in place of Mortgagee.

TJk# 2V*M Act, 185D. 13 & 14 Vtcf.

beipt of the lients and Profits thereof, and the Money due hi respect of such Mortgage shall have been paid to a Person entitled to receive the same, or such last-mentioned Person shall consent to an Order for the Reconveyance of such Lands, then in any of the following Cases it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting such Lands in such Person or Persons in such Manner and for such Estate as the said Court shall direct; that is to say,

When an Heir or Devisee of such Mortgagee shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or cannot be found:

When an Heir or Devisee of such Mortgagee shall, upon a Demand by a Person entitled to require a Conveyance of such Lands or a duly authorized Agent of such last-mentioned Person, have stated in Writing that he will not convey the same, or shall not convey the same for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a proper Deed for conveying such Lands shall have been tendered to him by a Person entitled as aforesaid, or a duly authorized Agent of Such last-mentioned Person:

When it shall be uncertain which of several Devisees of such Mortgagee was the Survivor t When it shall be uncertain as to the Survivor of several Devisees of such Mortgagee, or as to the Heir of such Mortgagee whether he be living or dead i When such Mortgagee shall have died intestate as to such Lands, and without an Heir, or shall have died and it shall not be known who is his Heir or Devisee;

And the Order of the said Court of Chancery made in any One of the foregoing Cases shall have the same Effect as if the Heir or Devisee or surviving Devisee, as the Case may be, had duly executed a Conveyance or Assignment of the Lands in the same Manner and for the same Estate *

Power to ep-

XX. And be it enacted, That in every Cade where the Lord towinT 3E>^0a Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, ceitekTcftses. shall, under the Provisions of this Act, be enabled to make an Order having the Effect of a Conveyance or Assignment of any Lands, or having the Effect of a Release or Disposition of the contingent Right of any Person or Persons, bom or unborn, it shall also be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, as the Case may be, should it be deemed more convenient, to make an Order appointing a Person to convey or assign such Lands, or release or dispose of such contingent Right; and the Conveyance, or Assignment, or Release, or Disposition, of the Person so appointed, shall, when in conformity with the Terms of the Order by which he is appointed, have the same Effect, in conveying or assigning the Lands, or releasing or disposing of the contingent Right, aS fen Order of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, would in the particular Case have had under the Provisions of this Act) and in every Case where the Lord

825

ma

The Trust* Act, 1650.

Cap. 60.

Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chan* eery, shall, under the Provisions of this Act, be enabled to mace an Order vesting in any Person or Persons the Bight to transfer any Stock transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of any other Company or Society established or to be established, it shall also be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, if it be deemed more convenient, to make an Order directing the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, or Accountant General for the Time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Officer of such other Company or Society, at once to transfer or join in transferring the Stock to the Person or Persons to be named in the Order; and this Act shall be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all other Companies or Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto.

XXI. And be it enacted, That as to any Lands situated within the Duchy of Lancaster or the Counties Palatine of Lancaster or Durham, it shall be lawful for the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Durham, to make a like Order in the mine Cases as to any Lands within the Jurisdiction of the same Courts respectively as the Court of Chancery has under the Provisions herein-before contained been enabled to make concerning any Lands; and every such Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Lancaster, or the Court of Chancery in the County Palatine of Durham, shall, as to such Lands, have the same Effect as an Order of the Court of Chancery: Provided always, that no Person who is anywhere within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Chancery shall be deemed by such local Courts to be an absent Trustee or Mortgagee within the Meaning of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall be jointly entitled with any Person out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or who cannot be found, or concerning whom it shall be uncertain whether he be living or dead, to any Stock or Chose in Action upon any Trust, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make an Order vesting the Bight to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for or recover such Chose in Action, or any Interest in respect thereof, either in such Person or Persons so jointly entitled as aforesaid, or in such last-mentioned Person or Persons together with any Person or Persons the said Court may appoint; and when any sole Trustee of any Stock or Chose in Action shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or cannot be found, or it shall be uncertain whether he be living or dead, it shall be lawful for the said Coprt to make

an

As to Land* in Lancaster and Ihirham.

When Trustees of Stock out of the Jurisdiction.

When Trustee of Stock refuses to transfer.

When One of several Trustees of Stock refuses to transfer or receive and pay over Dividends.

When Stock is standing in the Name of a deceased Person.

Effect of an Order vesting the legal Right to transfer Stock.

Cap. 60. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 VICT.

an Order vesting the Bight to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Action, or any Interest in respect thereof, in any Person or Persons the said Court tuay appoint

XXIII. And be it enacted, That where any sole Trustee of any Stock or Chose in Action shall neglect or refuse to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for or recover such Chose in Action, or any Interest in respect thereof, according to the Direction of the Person absolutely entitled thereto, for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a Bequest in Writing for that Purpose shall have been made to him by the Person absolutely entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting the sole Bight to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Action, or any Interest in respect thereof, in such Person or Persons as the said Court may appoint.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any One of the Trustees of any Stock or Chose in Action shall neglect or refuse to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for or recover such Chose in Action according to the Directions of the Person absolutely entitled thereto, for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a Bequest in Writing for that Purpose shall have been made to him or her by such Person, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting the Bight to transfer Such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for and recover such Chose in Action, in the other Trustee or Trustees of the said Stock or Chose in Action, or in any Person or Persons whom the said Court may appoint jointly with such other Trustee or Trustees.

XXV. And be it enacted, That when any Stock shall be standing in the sole Name of a deceased Person, and his or her personal Representative shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery, or cannot be found, or it shall be uncertain whether such personal Representative be living or dead, or such personal Representative shall neglect or refuse to transfer such Stock, or receive the Dividends or Income thereof, according to the Direction of the Person absolutely entitled thereto, for the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after a Bequest in Writing for that Purpose shall have been made to him by the Person entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery to make an Order vesting the Bight to transfer such Stock, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, in any Person or Persons whom the said Court may appoint.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Order shall have been made under any of the Provisions of this Act Testing the Bight to any Stock in any Person or Persons appointed by the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, such legal Bight shall vest accordingly, and thereupon the Person or Persons so appointed are hereby

1850.

527

The Trustee Act, 1850. Cap. 60.

authorized and empowered to execute all Deeds and Powers of Attorney, and to perform all Acts relating to the Transfer of such Stock into his or their own Name or Names or otherwise9 or relating to the Receipt of the Dividends thereof, to the Extent and in conformity with the Terms of such Order; and the Bank of England, and all Companies and Associations what* ever, and all Persons, shall be equally bound and compellable to comply with the Requisitions of such Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, to the Extent and in conformity with the Terms of such Order as the said Bank of England, or such Companies, Associations, or Persons, would have been bound and compellable to comply with the Requisitions of the Person in whose Place such Appointment shall have been made, and shall be equally indemnified in complying with the Requisition of such Person or Persons so appointed as they would have been indemnified in complying with the Requisition of the Person in whose Place such Appointment shall have been made; and after Notice in Writing of any such Order of the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or of the Court of Chancery, concerning any Stock, shall have been given, it shall not be lawful for the Bank of England, or any Company or Association whatever, or any Person having received such Notice, to act upon the Requisition of the Person in whose Place an Appointment shall have been made in any Matter whatever relating to the Transfer of such Stock, or the Payment of the Dividends or Produce thereof.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Order shall Effect of an have been made under the Provisions of this Act, either by the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or by the Court of a Chose m Chancery, vesting the legal Right to sue for or recover any Action.

Chose in Action or any Interest in respect thereof in any Person or Persons, such legal Right shall vest accordingly, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so appointed to carry on, commence, and prosecute, in his or their own Name or Names, any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of such Chose in Action, in the same Manner in all respects as the Person in whose Place an Appointment shall have been made could have sued for or recovered such Chose in Action.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever, under any Effect of an of the Provisions of this Act, an Order shall be made, either by Order vesting the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Landsorap-Chancery, vesting any Copyhold or Customary Lands in any pointing any Person or Persons, and such Order shall be made with the Per^n Consent of the Lord or Lady of the Manor whereof such Lands i2ndT>y *° are holden, then the Lands shall, without any Surrender or Admittance in respect thereof, vest accordingly; and whenever, under any of the Provisions of this Act, an Order shall be made either by the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, appointing any Person or Persons to convey or assign any Copyhold or Customary Lands, it shall be lawful

Cap. 80. The Trustee Ad, 1860. 13 & 14 VICT.

for such Person or Persons to do all Acts and execute all In* struments for the Purpose of completing the Assurance of such Lands; and all such Acts and Instruments so done and executed shall have the same Effect, and every Lord and Lady of a Manor, and every other Person, shall, subject to the Customs of the Manor and the usual Payments, be equally bound and compellable to make Admittance to such Lands, and to do all other Acts for the Purpose of completing the Assurance thereof, as if the Persons in whose Place an Appointment shall have been made, being free from any Disability, had duly done and executed such Acts and Instruments.

When a Decree

XXIX. And be it enacted, That when a Decree shall have of Real Estate* ^efln made by any Court of Equity directing the Sale of any for Payment of Lands for the Payment of the Debts of a deceased Person, every Debts. Person seised or possessed of such Lands, or entitled to a contingent Right therein, as Heir, or under the Will of such deceased Debtor, shall be deemed to be so seised or possessed or entitled, as the Case may be, upon a Trust within the Meaning of this Act} and the Court of Chancery is hereby etn-

S>wered to make an Order wholly discharging the contingent ight, under the Will of such deceased Debtor, of any unborn Person.

Court to declare

XXX. And be it enacted, That where any Decree shall be what Parties by any Court of Equity for the specific Performance iff a

are Trustees of - J 0 r . A. V,

Lands com- Contract concerning any Lands, or for the Partition or Lx-

prised in any change of any Lands, or generally when any Decree shall be the* interests*0 ma^e for Conveyance or Assignment of any Lands either in of Persons un- Cases arising out of the Doctrine of Election or otherwise, it born. shall be lawful for the said Court to declare that any of the

Parties to the said Suit wherein such Decree is made are Trustees of such Lands or any Part thereof, within the Meaning of this Act, or to declare concerning the Interests of unborn Persons who might claim under any Party to the said Suit, or Under the Will or voluntary Settlement of any Person deceased who was during his Lifetime a Party to the Contract or Transactions concerning which such Decree is made, that such Interests of unborn Persons are the Interests of Persons who, upon coming into existence, would be Trustees within the Meaning of this Act, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, as the Case may be, to make such Order or Orders as to the Estates, Rights, and Interests of such Persons, born or unborn, as the said Court or the said Lord Chancellor might under the Provisions of this Act make concerning the Estates, Rights, and Interests of Trustees born or unborn.

Power to make

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the t?eIffight*to°W ^ord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chan-transfer stock eery, to make Declarations and give Directions concerning the to be exercised. Manner in which the Right to any Stock or Chose in Action vested under the Provisions of this Act shall be exercised; and thereupon the Person or Persons in whom such Right shall be

529

185(X The Trustee Act, 1850. Cap. 60 *

vested shall be compellable to obey such Directions and Decla*-rations by the same Process as that by which other Orders under this Act are enforced *

XXXII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall be expedient to appoint a new Trustee or new Trustees, and it shall be found inexpedient, difficult, or impracticable so to do without the Assistance of the Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to make an Order appointing a new Trustee or new Trustees either in substitution for or in addition to any existing Trustee or Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Person or Persons who, upon the making of such Order as lasl aforesaid, shall be Trustee or Trustees, shall have all the same Rights and Powers as he or they would have had if appointed by Decree in a Suit duly instituted.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon making any Order for appointing a new Trustee or new Trustees, either by the same or by any subsequent Order to direct that any Landis subject to the Trust shall vest in the Person or Persons who upon the Appointment shall be the Trustee or Trustees, for such Estate as the Court shall direct; and such Order shall have the same Effect as if the Person or Persons who before such Order were the Trustee or Trustees .(if any) had duly executed all proper Conveyances and Assignments of such Lands for such Estate.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon making any Order for appointing a new Trustee or new Trustees either by the same or by any subsequent Order, to vest the Right to call for a Transfer of any Stock subject to the Trust, or to receive the Dividends or Income thereof, or to sue for or recover any Chose in Action, subject to the Trust, or any Interest in respect thereof, in the Person or Persons who upon the Appointment shall be the Trustee of Trustees.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That any such Appointment by the Court of new Trustees, and any such Conveyance, Assignment, or Transfer as aforesaid, shall operate no further or otherwise as a Discharge to any former or continuing Trustee than an Appointment of new Trustees under any Power for that Propose contained in any Instrument would have done.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That an Order, under any of the herein-before contained Provisions, for the Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees, or concerning any Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action subject to a Trust, may be made upon the Application of any Person beneficially interested in such Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action, whether under Disability or not, or upon the Application of any Person duly appointed as a Trustee thereof; and that an Order under any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained concerning any Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action subject to a Mortgage may be made on the Application of any Person beneficially interested in the Equity of

Power to Court to make Order appointing new Trustees.

New Trustees to hare Powers of Trustees appointed by Decree in Suit.

Power to Court to rest Lands it) new Trustees.

Power to Court to vest Right to sue at Law in new Trustees.

Old Trustees not to be discharged from Liability.

Who may apply.

Power to go before the Master in the first instance.

Power to petition the Court or the Lord Chancellor.

Power to present Petition in the first instance.

What may be done upon Petition.

Court may dismiss Petition with or without Costs.

Cap. 60. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 VICT.

Redemption, whether under Disability or not, or of any Person interested in the Monies secured by such Mortgage.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Person shall deem himself entitled to an Order under any of the Provisions herein-before contained, either from the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or from the Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for him to exhibit before any One of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery a Statement of the Facts whereon such Order is sought to be obtained, and adduce Evidence in support thereof; and if such Evidence shall be satisfactory to the said Master, he shall, at the Request of the Person adducing such Evidence, give a Certificate under his Hand of the several material Facts found by him to be true, and of his Opinion that such Person is entitled to an Order in the Form set forth in such Certificate.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall have obtained such Certificate may apply by Motion to the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, for an Older to the Effect set forth in such Certificate, or for such other Order as such Person may deem himself entitled to upon the Facts found by the Master.

XL. And be it enacted, That any Person or Persons entitled in manner aforesaid to apply for an Order from the said Court of Chancery, or from the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, may, should he so think fit, present a Petition in the first instance to the Court of Chancery, or to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, for such Order as he may deem himself entitled to, and may give Evidence by Affidavit or otherwise in support of such Petition before the said Court, or the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, and may serve such Person or Persons with Notice of such Petition as he may deem entitled to Service thereof.

XLI. And be it enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such Motion or Petition it shall be lawful for the said Court or for the said Lord Chancellor, should it be deemed necessary, to direct a Reference to One of the Masters in Ordinary of the Court of Chancery to inquire into any Facts which require such an Investigation, or it shall be lawful for the said Court or for the said Lord Chancellor to direct such Motion or Petition to stand over, to enable the Petitioner or Petitioners to adduce Evidence or further Evidence before the said Court or before the said Lord Chancellor, or to enable Notice or any further Notice of such Motion or Petition to be served upon any Person or Persons.

XLII. And be it enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such Motion or Petition, whether any Certificate or Report from a Master shall have been obtained or not, it shall be lawful for the Court, or the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, to dismiss such Motion or Petition, with or without Costs, or to make an Order thereupon in conformity with the Provisions of this Act.

1850. The Trustee Act, 1850. Cap. 60.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever in any Cause or Matter, either by the Evidence adduced therein, or by the Admissions of the Parties, or by a Report of One of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, the Facts necessary for an Order under this Act shall appear to such Court to be sufficiently proved, it shall be lawful for the said Court, either upon the Hearing of the said Cause or of any Petition or Motion in the said Cause or Matter, to make such Order under this Act.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Order shall be made under this Act, either by the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or by the Court of Chancery, for the Purpose of conveying or assigning any Lands, or for the Purpose of releasing or disposing of any contingent Right, and such Order shall be founded on an Allegation of the personal Incapacity of a Trustee or Mortgagee, or on an Allegation that a Trustee or the Heir or Devisee of a Mortgagee is out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery or cannot be found, or that it is uncertain which of several Trustees, or which of several Devisees of a Mortgagee, was the Survivor, or whether the last Trustee, or the Heir or last surviving Devisee of a Mortgagee, be living or dead, or on an Allegation that any Trustee or Mortgagee has died intestate without an Heir, or has died and it is not known who is his Heir or Devisee, then in any of such Cases the Fact that the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, has made an Order upon such an Allegation, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Matter so alleged in any Court of Law or Equity upon any Question as to the legal Validity of the Order: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Court of Chancery directing a Re-conveyance or Re-assignment of any Lands conveyed or assigned by any Order under this Act, or a Re-disposition of my contingent Right conveyed or disposed of by such Order; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to direct any of the Parties to any Suit concerning such Lands or contingent Right to pay any Costs occasioned by the Order under this Act, when the same shall appear to have been improperly obtained.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the Court of Chancery, to exercise the Powers herein conferred for the Purpose of vesting any Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action in the Trustee or Trustees of any Charity or Society over which Charity or Society the said Court of Chancery would have Jurisdiction upon Suit duly instituted, whether such Trustee or Trustees shall have been duly appointed by any Power contained in any Deed or Instrument, or by the Decree of the said Court of Chancery, or by Order made upon a Petition to the said Court under any Statute authorizing the said Court to make an Order to that Effect in a summary Way upon Petition.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That no Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action vested in any Person upon any Trust or by way of Mortgage, or any Profits thereof, shall escheat or be forfeited

531

Power to make an Order in a Cause.

Orders made by the Court of Chancery, founded on cer- 1 tain Allegations, to be conclusive Evidence of the Matter contained in such Allegations.

Trustees of Charities.

No Escheat of Property held upon Trust or Mortgage.

Act not to prevent Escheat or Forfeiture of beneficial Interest.

Money of Infants and Persons of unsound Mind to be paid into Court.

Court may make a Decree in the Absence of a Trustee.

Cap. 60. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 Vict.

to Her Majesty, Her Heirs pr Successors, or to any Corporation, Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person, by reason of the Attainder or Conviction for any Offence of such Trustee or Mortgagee, but shall remain in such Trustee or Mortgagee, or survive to his or her Co-Trustee, or descend or vest in his or her Representative, as if no such Attainder or Conviction had taken place.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall prevent the Escheat or Forfeiture of any Lands or Personal Estate vested in any such Trustee or Mortgagee, so far as relates to any beneficial Interest therein of any such Trustee or Mortgagee, but such Lands or Personal Estate, so far as relates to any such beneficial Interest, shall be recoverable in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Infant or Person of unsound Mind shall be entitled to any Money payable in discharge of any Lands, Stock, or Chose in Action conveyed, assigned, or transferred under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Person by whom such Money is payable to pay the same into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, in trust in any Cause then depending concerning such Money, or, if there shall be no such Cause, to the Credit of such Infant or Person of unsound Mind, subject to the Order or Disposition of the said Court; and it shall be lawful for the said Court, upon Petition in a summary Way, to order any Money so paid to be invested in the Public Funds, and to order Payment or Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable; and every Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive any such Money is hereby required to give to the Person paying the same a Receipt for such Money, and such Receipt shall be an effectual Discharge for the Money therein respectively expressed to have been received.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That where in any Suit commenced or to be commenced in the Court of Chancery it shall be made to appear to the Court by Affidavit that diligent Search and Inquiry has been made after any Person made a Defendant, who is only a Trustee, to serve him with the Prooess of the Court, and that he cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said Court to hear and determine such Cause, and to make such absolute Decree therein against every Person who shall appear to them to be only a Trustee, and not otherwise concerned in Interest in the Matter in question, in such and the same Manner as if such Trustee had been duly served with the Process of the Court, and had appeared and filed his Answer thereto, and had also appeared by his Counsel and Solicitor at the Hearing of such Cause: Provided always, that no such Decree shall bind, affect, or in anywise prejudice any Person against whom the same shall be made, without Service of Process upon him as aforesaid, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or in respect of any Estate, Right, or Interest which such Person

shall

533

1850. The Trustee Act, 1850. Cap. 60.

shall have at the Time of making such Decree for his own Use or Benefit, or otherwise than as a Trustee as aforesaid.

L. And be it enacted, That when any Person shall, under the Provisions of this Act, apply to One of the Masters of the Court of Chancery in the first instance, and adduce Evidence, for the Purpose of obtaining the Certificate of such Master as a Foundation for an Order of the said Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or the said Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for the said Master to order Service of such Application upon any Person, or to dismiss such Application, and to direct that the Costs of any Persons consequent thereon shall be paid by the Person making the same; and all Orders of the Master under this Act shall be enforced by the same Process as Orders of the Court made in any Suit against a Party thereto.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, and the Court of Chancery, may order the Costs xnd Expenses of and relating to the Petitions, Orders, Directions, Conveyances, Assignments, and Transfers to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, to be paid and raised but of or from the Lands or Personal Estate, or the Kents or Produce thereof, in respect of which the same respectively shall he made, or in such Manner as the said Lord Chancellor or Court shall think proper.

LII. And be it enacted, That upon any Petition being presented under this Act to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, concerning a Person of unsound Mind, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, should he so think fit, to direct that a Commission in the Nature of a Writ De luna-tico inquirendo shall issue concerning such Person, and to postpone making any Order upon such Petition until a Return shall have been made to such Commission.

LIII. And be it enacted, That upon any Petition under this Act being presented to the Lord Chancellor, intrusted as aforesaid, or to the Court of Chancery, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor or the said Court of Chancery to postpone making any Order upon such Petition until the Right of the Petitioner or Petitioners shall have been declared in a Suit duly instituted for that Purpose,

LIV. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery in England shall extend to all Lands and Personal Estate within the Dominions, Plantations, and Colonies belonging to Her Majesty (except Scotland).

LV. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Court of Chancery in England shall and may be exercised in like Manner and are hereby given and extended to the Court of Chancery in Ireland with respect to all Lands and Personal Estate in Ireland.

LYI. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall extend to all Lands and Personal

Powers of the Master.

Costs may be paid out of tbo Estate.

Commission concerning Person of unsound Mind,

Suit may be directed.

Powers of Court of Chancery to extend to the Colonies.

Powers given to Court of Chancery may be exercised in Ireland.

Powers of Lord Chancellor in Lunacy to extend to the Colonies.

Cap. 60, 61. The Trustee Act, 1850. 13 & 14 Vict.

Powers of Lord Chancellor in Lunacy may be used by Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

[Short Title.]

Commencement of Act *

Act may be amended, &c.

Estate within any of the Dominions, Plantations, and Colonies belonging to Her Majesty (except Scotland and Ireland).

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given by this Act to the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, intrusted as aforesaid, shall and may be exercised in like Manner by and are hereby given to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, intrusted as aforesaid, with respect to all Lands and Personal Estate in Ireland.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments and in legal Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression The Trustee Act, 1850."

LIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall come into operation on the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

LX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament *

9 & 10 Vict. c. 95.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 101.

Extension of Jurisdiction.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to extend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to amend the same.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, Jurisdiction is given to the Courts holden under the said Act for the Recovery of certain Debts, Damages, and Demands therein mentioned not exceeding Twenty Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act, and also of a certain other Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to abolish certain Inferior Courts of Record, to Debts, Damages, and Demands not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and to alter and amend the said first-mentioned Act in manner herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Jurisdiction of the several Courts holden or to be holden under the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty shall extend to the Recovery of any Debt, Damage, or Demand not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and to all Actions in respect thereof (save and except the several Actions specified in the Proviso in Section Fifty-eight of the same Act); and that the several Powers and Provisions of the said several Acts of the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, and all Rules, Orders, and Regulations which have been or may be

185a

County Court Extension. Cap. 61. 535

made in pursuance of the said Acts or either of them, shall extend to all Debts, Damages, and Demands which may be sued for in the said Courts or any of them not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and to all Proceedings and Judgments for the Recovery of the same, or otherwise in relation thereto respectively, as fuUy and effectually, to all Intents and Pur-

Ktes, as the same respectively are now or may be applicable to bts, Damages, and Demands within the present Jurisdiction of the said Courts.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act and the said recited Acts of the Tenth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty shall be read and construed as One Act, as if the several Provisions in the said recited Acts contained, not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That no Deputy Judge of any such County Court, save and except the Westminster County Court of Middlesex, shall, during the Time he acts or shall be entitled to act as such Deputy, practise as a Barrister in any Court within the District for which he acts or shall be entitled to act as such Deputy; and that every Clerk and Assistant Clerk appointed after the passing of this Act to any of such Courts shall reside within the District of the Court or Courts for which he shall have been appointed.

IV. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty as relates to the Removal of Clerks or High Bailiffs of the Courts holden under the said Act shall be repealed; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, or, where the whole of the District of the Court or Courts for which the Clerk or High Bailiff shall have been appointed is within the Duchy of Lancaster, for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, when such Lord Chancellor or Chancellor of the Duchy shall in his Discretion think fit, to remove the Clerk, High Bailiff, or any Assistant Clerk of any such Court or Courts from his Office, and from Time to Time to make such Order as to the Attendance of any Clerk, Deputy Clerk, or Assistant Clerk, during the Sitting of the Court or otherwise, as ' he shall think fit: Provided always, that nohing herein contained shall affect the Tenure, of Office of any Person who before the passing of the said Act held an Office in any of the Courts mentioned in the Schedule (A.) annexed to the said Act.

V. And be it enacted, That there shall be payable on every Proceeding in the Courts holden under the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, to the Judges, Clerks, and High Bailiffs of the several Courts, in every Case where the Sum sought to be recovered shall exceed Twenty Pounds, such Fees as are set down in the Schedule marked D. to the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty annexed as Fees payable upon Demands exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; and the Fees on every Proceeding shall be paid in the first instance by

This Act to be construed with 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. and 12 & 13 Vict. c. 10].

Deputy Judge not to practise in District whilst he acts as Deputy. Clerks, See. to reside in District.

Power to re-raore Clerks, High Bailiffs, or Assistant Clerks.

Fees to be taken according to Schedule.

Power to Secretary of State, with Consent of the Treasury, to alter Fees.

Fees to be token by Barristers and Attornies.

Power of paying Judges, Clerks, and High Bailiffs by Salary instead of Fees given to the Lords of the Treasury and the Secretary of State.

Confession of Debts or Parts of Debts, &c., rnd Judgment hereupon.

Cap. 61. County Court Extention. 13 & 14 Vict,

the Plaintiff or Party on whose Behalf such Proceeding is to be had on or before such Proceeding, and in default Payment thereof shall be enforced by Order of the Judge by such Ways and Means as any Debt or Damage ordered to be paid by the Court oan be recovered; and the Fees upon Executions shall be paid into Court at the Time of the Issue of the Warrant of Execution, and shall be paid by the Clerk of the Court to the Bailiff upon the Return of the Warrant of Execution, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to regulate or vary, lessen or increase, the Fees payable under this Act or the said recited Acts, or either of them, in such Manner as to him shall seem fit: Provided also, that all Sums payable in the Name of Fees to such Officers of the Court as shall be paid by Salaries shall be paid from Time to Time to the Treasurer of the Court, and shall be applied by such Treasurer in the Manner provided by the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty,

VI. And be it enacted, That the Fees to be taken by Bar* risters at Law and Attorpies practising in the said Courts, in Cases brought within the Jurisdiction given by this Act, shall be as follows; an Attorney shall be entitled to have or recover a Sum not exceeding One Pound Ten Shillings for his Fees and Costs, where the Debt, Damage, or Demand claimed in any Plaint in Covenant, Debt, Detinue, or AasUfPpeit shall not exceed Thirty-five Pounds, or Two Pounds in any other Case, within the Jurisdiction given by this Act; and in no Case shall any Fee exceeding Two Pounds Four Shillings and Sixpence be allowed for employing a Barrister as Counsel in the Cause; and the Expense of employing a Barrister or an Attorney, either by Plaintiff or Defendant, shall not be allowed on Taxation of Costs, unless by Order of the Judge; and the Judges of the said Courts respectively shall from Time to Time determine in what Cases such Expenses shall be so allowed.

VII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty as enacts that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, to order that the Judges, Clerks, Bailiffs, and Officers of the Courts holden under that Act, or any of them, shall be paid by Salaries instead of Fees, or in any Manner other than is provided by that Act, shall be repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time to order that the Judges, Clerks, Bailiffb, and Officers of the said Courts, or any of them, shall be paid by Salaries instead of Fees, or in any Manner other than is provided by the said Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That any Person against whom a Plaint shall be entered in any County Court may, if be think fit, whether he be summoned upon such Plaint or not, in the

* 37

1860. County Court Entemim. " Cap. 81.

Presence of the Clerk or Assistant Clerk of the Court in which such Plaint shall have been entered, or One of their Clerks respectively, or in the Presence of an Attorney of One of the Superior Courts, sign a Statement confessing and admitting the Amount of the Debt or Demand or Part of the Amount of the Debt or Demand for which such Plaint shall have been entered, and such Clerk or Assistant Clerk shall, as soon as conveniently may be after receiving such Statement, send Notice thereof to the Plaintiff, by the Post or by causing the same to be delivered at his usual Place of Abode or Business, and thereupon it shall not be necessary for the said Plaintiff to prove the Debt or Demand so confessed and admitted as aforesaid, but the Judge of such Court, at the next Sitting of such Court, whether the Parties or either of them attend such Court or not, shall, upon Proof by Affidavit of the Signature of the Party, if such States meat were not made in the Presence of the Clerk or Assistant Clerk, proceed to give Judgment for the Debt or Demand so confessed and admitted, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Conditions, as if he had tried the Cause, and given Judgment thereupon, under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Person against whom a Agreement as Plaint shall be entered in any County Court can agree with the Person on whose Behalf such Plaint shall have been entered and conditions

upon the Amount of the Debt or Demand in respect of which ot Foment.

+such Plaint shall have been entered, and upon the Terms and Conditions upon which the same shall be paid or satisfied, it shall be lawful for such Persons respectively, in the Presence of the Clerk or Assistant Clerk of the Court in which such Plaint shall have been entered, or One of their Clerks respectively, or in the Presence of an Attorney of One of the Superior Courts, to sign a Statement of the Amount of the Debt or Demand so agreed upon between such Persons respectively, and of the Terms and Conditions upon which the same shall be paid or satisfied, such Clerk or Assistant Clerk shall receive such Statement, and shall thereupon, upon Proof by Affidavit of the Signature of the Party, if such Statement were not made in the Presence of the Clerk or Assistant Clerk, enter up Judgment for the Plaintiff for the Amount of the Debt or Demand so agreed on, and upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in such Statement; and such Judgment shall to all Intents and

Purposes be the same, and have the same Effect, and shall* be

enforced and enforceable in the same Manner, as if it had been

a Judgment of the Judge of the said Court

X. And be it enacted, That in every Case where the Plaintiff Tf Plaintiff or shall not appear, either by himself or his Attorney, upon the not appear Day of the Return of any Summons for Hearing, or at any DayofHear-Continuation or Adjournment of the said Hearing, and the >ng* Costs may Defendant shall appear either by himself or his Attorney upon Defe^i^for such Day of Hearing, Continuation, or Adjournment, it snail his Trouble r be lawful for the Judge to award to the Defendant or to his and Attendance.

Attorney,

Plaintiffs recovering in the Superior Courts Sums not exceeding VQL in Actions of Contract, or SL in Actions of Tort, over which the County Court has Jurisdiction, to have no Costs.

Judge at the Trial may certify, to entitle the Plaintiff to Costs.

If the Court, or a Judge at Chambers, make an Order, the Plaintiff to have Costs.

Cap. 61. County Court Extension. 13 & 14 VICT.

Attorney, by way of Costs of his Attendance and Satisfaction for his Trouble, such Sum as the Judge in his Discretion shall think fit; and the Sum so awarded shall be recoverable from the Plaintiff by such Ways and Means as any Debt or Damage ordered to be paid by the same Court can be recovered.

XI. And be it enacted, That if in any Action commenced after the passing of this Act in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record, in Covenant, Debt, Detinue, or Assumpsit, not being an Action for Breach of Promise of Marriage, the Plaintiff shall recover a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or if, in any Action commenced after the passing of this Act in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record, in Trespass, Trover, or Case, not being an Action for malicious Prosecution, or for Libel, or for Slander, or for Criminal Conversation, or for Seduction, the Plaintiff shall recover a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, the Plaintiff shall have Judgment to recover such Sum only, and no Costs, except in the Cases herein-after provided, and except in the Case of a Judgment by Default; and it shall not be necessary to enter any Suggestion on the Record to deprive such Plaintiff of Costs, nor shall any such Plaintiff be entitled to Costs by reason of any Privilege as Attorney or Officer of such Court or otherwise.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Plaintiff shall in any such Action as aforesaid recover a Sum less than the Sum in that Behalf herein-before mentioned, by Verdict, and the Judge or other presiding Officer before whom such Verdict shall be obtained shall certify on the Back of the Record that it appeared to him at the Trial that the Cause of Action was one for which a Plaint could not have been entered in any such County Court as aforesaid, or that it appeared to him at the Trial that there was a sufficient Reason for bringing the said Action in the Court in which the said Action was brought, the Plaintiff in such Case shall have the same Judgment to recover his Costs that he would have had if this Act had not been passed.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if in any such Action, whether there be a Verdict in such Action or not, the Plaintiff shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Court in which such Action was brought, or to the Satisfaction of a Judge at Chambers upon Summons, that the said Action was brought for a Cause in which concurrent Jurisdiction is given to the Superior Courts by the Hundred and twenty-eighth Section of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, or for which no Plaint could have been entered in any such County Court, or that the said Cause was removed from a County Court by Certiorari, then and in any of such Cases the Court in which the said Action is brought, or the said Judge at Chambers, may thereupon, by Rule or Order, direct that the Plaintiff shall recover his Costs, and thereupon the Plaintiff shall have the same Judgment to recover his Costs that he would have had if this Act had not been passed.

1850. County Court Extension, Cap. 61. 639

XIV. And be it enacted, That if either Party in any Cause Partie* *g-of the Amount to which Jurisdiction is given to the County gri*^may Courts by this Act shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination appC" *

or Direction of the said Court in Point of Law, or upon the Admission or Rejection of any Evidence, such Party may appeal from the same to any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster, Two or more of the Puisne Judges whereof shall sit out of Term as a Court of Appeal for that Purpose, provided that such Party shall, within Ten Days after such Determination or Direction, give Notice of such Appeal to the other Party, or his Attorney, and also give Security, to be approved by the Clerk of the Court, for the Costs of the Appeal, whatever be the Event of the Appeal, and for the Amount of the Judgment, if he be the Defendant and the Appeal be dismissed; provided nevertheless, that such Security, so far as regards the Amount of the Judgment, shall not be required in any Case where the Judge of the County Court shall have ordered the Party appealing to pay the Amount of such Judgment into the Hands of the Clerk of the County Court in which such Action shall have been tried, and the same shall have been paid accordingly; and the said Court of Appeal may either order a new Trial on such Terms as it thinks fit, or may order Judgment to be entered for either Party, as the Case may be, and may make such Order with respect to the Costs of the said Appeal as such Court may think proper; and such Orders shall be final.

XV. And be it enacted, That such Appeal shall be in the Appeal to be in

Form of a Case agreed on by both Parties, or their Attornies,

and if they cannot agree the Judge of the County Court, upon byboth Partie *, being applied to by them or their Attornies, shall settle the Case but if they disand sign it; and such Case shall be transmitted by the Appellant Judge to to Ae Rule Department of the Master's Office of the Court in m emn wgnit* which the Appeal is to be brought.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Judgment, Order, or De- No Certiorari,

termination given or made by any Judge of a County Court, al"

nor any Cause or Matter brought before him or pending in his w

Court, shall be removed by Appeal, Motion, Writ of Error,

Certiorari, or otherwise into any other Court whatever, save and except in the Manner and according to the Provisions hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if both Parties shall agree, In certain by a Memorandum signed by them or by their Attornies, that Cases, on the County Court shall have Power to try any of the Actions th^Parries, 0 herein-before respectively mentioned in which the Sum sought Court shall to be recovered shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds by the haT Power to said recited Act or Fiftjr Pounds by this Act limited in the Case ^yOUghTe of such Actions respectively, or any Action in which the Title Matters be to Land, whether of Freehold, Copyhold, Leasehold, or other bey^its ju-Tenure, or to any Tithe, Toll, Market, Fair, or other Franchise, n Iction*-shall be in question, then and in such Case the said Court shall have Jurisdiction and Power to try such Action: Provided

Cap. 6L

County Court Extension. 13 & 14 Vict.

No Second Suit in Second Court for the same Cause.

Treble Costs.

No Action to be brought against Bailiff, &c. acting under Order of the Court without Notice; and Clerk of the Court to be made Defeiw dant in the Suit.

always, that the said Parties or their AttomieS shall state in their said Memorandum of Agreement, that they know such Cause of Action to be above the said Sums respectively* or that they know such Title to come in question in silch Action, and provided that such Memorandum shall be filed with the Clerk of the said Court at the Time of filing the Demand of the Plaintiff: Provided also, that all local Actions to be tried before any County Court With the Consent of the Parties shall be brought and tried in that Jurisdiction only in which the Lands, Tone* ments, or Hereditaments or some Part thereof are situate are in respect whereof such Actions shall be brought.

XIVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Party shall sue another in any County Court for any Debt or other Cause of Action for which he hath already sued him, and obtained Judgment, in any other Court, the Proof of such former Suit having been brought mid Judgment obtained may be given, and the Party so suing shall not be entitled to recover in such Second Suit, and shall be adjudged to pay Three Times the Costs of such Second Suit to the opposite Party.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Action shall be brought against any High Bailiff or Bailiff, or against any Person or Persons acting by the Order and in aid of any High Bailiff for anything done in obedience to any Warrant under the Hand of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court and the Seal of the said Court, until Demand hath been made or left at the Office of such High Bailiff by the Party or Parties intending to bring such Action, or by his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, in Writing, signed by the Party demanding the same, of the Perusal and Copy of such Warrant, and the same hath been refused or neglected by the Space of Six Days after such Demand; and in case after such Demand and Compliance therewith, by showing the said Warrant to and permitting a Copy to be taken thereof by the Party demanding the same, any Action shall be brought against such High Bailiff, Bailiff, or other Person or Persons acting in his Aid for any such Cause as aforesaid, without making the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court who signed or sealed the said Warrant Defendant or Defendants, that on producing or proving such Warrant at the Trial of such Action, the Jury shafl give their Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, notwithstanding any Defect of Jurisdiction or other Irregularity in the said Warrant; and if such Action be brought jointly against such Clerk or Clerks* and also against such High Bailiff or Bailiff, or Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid as aforesaid, then on Proof of such Warrant the Jury shall find for such High Bailiff or Bailiff, and for such Person or Persons so acting as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Defect or Irregularity as aforesaid; and if the Verdict shall be given against the said Clerk or Clerks, that in such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his, her* or their Costs against him or them, to be taxed in such Manner by the proper Officer as to include such Costs as such

Plaintiff

S41

[850* County Cokrt Extension. Cap. 61 *

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs art liable to pay to sUoh Defendant or Defendants for whom such Verdict shall be found as aforesaid; and if any Action shall be brought the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial had thereupon.

XX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Tenth So much of ' Year of Her present Majesty* intituled An Act for the more 9 & 10 Vict.

1 easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, it is ' enacted, that in Cases of Bent being in arrear in respect of lord, where (Premises wherein Goods may have been taken in Execution Rent «in ar-

under and by virtue of the said Act it should be lawful for mbes^wiri the Landlord, by Writing to be delivered to the Bailiff or Goods Tiave

Officer making the Levy, which Writing should state the been taken in

Terms of Holding and Rent payable for the same, to claim any ^tTin^riting f Rent in arrear as therein mentioned: And whereas so much the Terms of 8

of the said Enactment as requires that the Claim of Bent Holding, &c.

to be made by Writing stating the Terms of Holding may rePea1ed *

1 lead to technical Objections and unnecessary Prolixity: And whereas also it is expedient to obviate certain Difficulties

which have arisen as to the Landlord's Bight to Priority of (Payment upon the Construction of the said EnactmentBe

it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires To entitle that the said Writing and Claim should state the Terms of Landlord to Holding shall be and is hereby repealed, and that it shall be a rented Act it sufficient Notice of Claim, to entitle the Landlord to all the shall be suffi-Benefit given to Landlords under the said Act, that such cient to state Writing and Claim shall state the Amount of the Bent claimed to be in arrear and unpaid, and the Time for and in respect of &c. which such Bent is claimed to be due, in like Manner as is now required by Law in Cases of ordinary Distress for Bent, and no farther or otherwise; and also that no Execution Creditor under the said Act or this Act shall be satisfied his Debt out of the Proceeds of such Execution and Distress, or Execution only where the Tenant shall replevy, until the Landlord who Shall conforin to the Provisions of the said Act as amended by this Act shall have been paid the Bent in arrear for the Periods in the said Act limited.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Enactments contained Recited Act as in the said Act, as altered and amended in this Act, relating t^y this to the Claitns of Landlords for Bent in arrear where Goods ciaimsofLand-on the Premises demised have been taken in Execution, shall lords to extend apply and extend to Goods taken in Execution under the to Goods taken Authority of this Act, in as full and beneficial a Manner as m xecution# if the same Enactments were re-enacted in the like Terms in this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Judges may Judge of any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common. r8 fo^wffts Law at Westminster, as well in Term Time as in Vacation, to of Prohibition hear and determine Applications for Writs of Prohibition di- either in Term rected to the Judges of the said County Courts, and to make or m Vacation, such Buies or Orders for the issuing of such Writs as might

have

Cap. 61. -County Court Extension. 13 & 14 VICT.

have been made by the Court, and all such Buies or Orders so made by any such Judge shall have the same Force and Effect as Rules of Court for such Purposes now have, and such Writs shall be issued by virtue of such Rules or Orders as well in Term Time as in Vacation: Provided always, that any Rule or Order made by any such Judge, or any Writ issued by virtue thereof, may be discharged or varied or set aside by the Court, on Application made thereto by any Party dis-satisfied with such Rule or Order.

Before whom Affidavits may be sworn. a >

Town Halls &c. to be used free of Rent-charge for Sittings of County Court.

A

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all Affidavits to be used in the Courts holden under the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty shall and may be sworn before any Judge of the said Courts, or any Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Commissioner for taking Affidavits in any of the Superior Courts of Westminster, or before a Magistrate of the County, City, Town, or Place where any such Affidavit may be sworn.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in every Town or Place where there shall be a Court holden under the Provisions of the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, the Town Hall, Court House, or other public Building belonging to any County, City, Borough, or Town shall be used for the Purposes of holding the Courts under the said Act, without any Charge for Rent or other Payment, save and except the reasonable and necessary Charges for lighting, warming, and cleaning when such public Building is used for the Purpose of the Courts, and for all other Expenses necessarily incidental to the Use of the said Building for the Purposes of the Courts: Provided always, that the necessary Arrangements shall be made so that the Sittings of the said Courts shall not interfere with the Business of the County, City, Borough, or Town usually transacted in such Town Hall, Court House, or other public Building, or with any Purposes for which such Town Hall, Court House, or other public Building may be used by virtue of any Local Act in that Behalf: Provided also, that this Enactment shall not apply to any City, Borough, or Town in which a Building hath previously to the passing of this Act been erected for the Purposes of holding the Courts under the said Act and for the Business connected with such Courts, nor shall anything in this Act contained be held, deemed, or taken to prejudice, affect, or otherwise interfere with any Lease, Contract, Agreement, or Engagement already entered into for the leasing. Erection, hiring, or Occupation of any Building for the Purposes of holding such Courts therein and transacting therein the Business relating to such Courts.

amended &c

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or amen k, repeaie(j by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Navy Pay.

Cap. 62.

543

CAP. LXII.

An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to

ll 0.4.e.sa

the Pay of the Royal Navy, it is enacted, that all Months

mentioned in the said Act shall be deemed to be Calendar ' Months, except only in the Computation of Wages and of the ' Time for which Officers shall be allowed to draw their Pay,

which shall be cast and computed by the Lunar Month of

Twenty-eight Days, according to the Custom of the Navy:

And whereas it is deemed expedient that it should not be

compulsory to compute such Wages by the Lunar Month of

Twenty-eight Days, and is also deemed expedient otherwise

to alter and extend the Provisions of the said Act:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled *

and by the Authority of the same, That, notwithstanding any- pty an^ thing in the recited Act contained, or any Custom to4he con- Wage* may be trary, it shall be lawful to cast and compute Naval Pay and

Wages by the Day or for such other Period of Time as the p^riodof Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Time, and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, for the Time being, may at any Time or Times fix and determine.

II. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in Clerks who* the recited Act contained, it shall be lawful for Clerks who hro passed Ex» have passed their Examination for Paymasters and Pursers, under such Regulations, Limitations, and Restrictions as have fo^personal1 now or may at any Time or Times hereafter be established by Times the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for the ^suwd^ Time being, to draw a Bill of Exchange or a Set of Bills of ing anythingln the same Tenor and Date, upon the Accountant General of the recited Act. Navy, for the net personal Pay which shall be due to them, at such Times, and for such Periods of Time, either at the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months or otherwise, as die said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times appoint in that Behalf.

ILL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended of Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of &c *

Parliament.

Mm

C. 63. Equivalent Company*8 Annuity Redemption. 13 & 14 VICT.

Mi

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to provide for the Redemption of an Annuity of Ten thousand Pounds payable to the " Equivalent Company" [14th August 1850.]

yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union, and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on .4 behalf of Scotland in the Terms of the same Treaty, and foe obviating all future Disputes, Charges, and Expenses concerning those Equivalents, it was enacted, that every Year the fuU.

Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should be One yearly Fund for the several Purposes in such Act expressed, and should continue payable for ever, subject nevertheless to Redemp4 tion by Parliament according to the Proviso therein-after contained, and that the said yearly Fund, during the Continuance thereof, should be charged upon and be paid out of the Monies arisen and to arise from Time to Time of or for any the Customs Duties, Excises, or Revenues therein mentioned; and it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for the King's Majesty to incorporate all the Proprietors of certain Debts and Sums of Money therein mentioned, making Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, which at any Time or Times thereafter should have or do entitled to any Part, Share, or Interest of or in the said Capital Sums amounting to Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-V pence Halfpenny, so long as they respectively should have any Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be One Body Politic and Corporate by such Name as the King's Majesty should think most proper, and that the said Corporation should have perpetual Succession (subject nevertheless to such Redemption

as therein-after appointed in that Behalf); and it was by the said Act enacted, that the said Capital Sums amounting to Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny should be and be deemed to be the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Corporation, and that the Shares and Interests of the particular Members of and in the same from Time to Time should be assignable transferable, and devisable in such Manner as the King's Majesty by the said Letters Patent should prescribe and appoint, until the Redemption thereof; and it was thereby enacted, that from and after the granting such Letters Patent the said Fund of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum should be paid to the same Corporation, or to their Cashier for the Time being for their Use, and to be divided and distributed to and amongst the several Members thereof according and

in

1850. Equivalent Company's Annuity Redemption* Cap. 63.

545

in proportion to their respective Shares of and in the said Capital or Joint Stock of the same; and it was thereby provided, that at any Time, upon Payment by the Parliament of Great Britain of the said Capital Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Ninepence Halfpenny, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever to be made out of the same or any Part thereof, and of all Arrears of the said yearly Fund of Ten thousand Pounds ' then due, computing the same quarterly till the End of the then next preceding Quarter of a Year, and from thenceforth

by the Day until the Day of such Payment made, (if any such Arrears were,) then and from thenceforth the said Fund of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum should cease and determine; and by the said Act Provision is made for Payment to the said Corporation, until the said annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should be redeemed, of the further annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, for and towards the Charge of Management and other necessary Charges in receiving and distributing of the said Annuity of Ten thousand Pounds payable to the said Corporation and the several Members thereof: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act His said Majesty King George the First did, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty-first Day of November in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, grant and appoint that all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who then were Proprietors of the Debts and Sums of Money stated to amount to the said Principal Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and who thereafter should have or be entitled to any Part, Share, 4 or' Interest of or in the said Capital Sum, should be One 4 Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of the Equivalent Company, and by that Name should have perpetual Succesnon, subject to such Redemption as in the said Act and therein appointed in that Behalf; and in such Letters Patent it is provided, that upon Payment by the Parliament of Great Britain of the said Uapital Sum of Two hundred and fortyeight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said yearly Fund of Ten thousand Pounds, then and from thenceforth the Grant now in rental, and the Corporation thereby created, should cease, 4determine, and be utterly void: And whereas it is desirable that the said yearly Fund should be redeemed, and that the said Equivalent Company should be enabled to receive the said Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and to distribute the same among the Persons entitled to Shares in their Capital or Joint Stock, according to their respective Rights and Interests:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

if* '% present

54 6

Redemption' Money to be paid into the Bank of England.

Equivalent Company to continue a Corporation for the Purpose of Distribution of Redemption Money.

Act may be amended, &c#

C. 63. Equivalent Company's Annuity Redemption 13 &14 VICT.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to cause to be paid into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the said Equivalent Company, the Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and all Arrears (if any) of the said yearly Fund of Ten thousand Pounds until the Day of such Payment into the said Bank, which Payment shall be deemed a due Payment by Parliament of the said Capital Sum and Arrears, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act; and upon such Payment as aforesaid, the said Fund of Ten thousand Pounds, and the said further annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, shall cease to be payable.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Equivalent Company shall, during Twelve Calendar Months next after Payment as aforesaid of the said Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and of such Arrears (if any) as aforesaid, continue to be a Body Politic and Corporate for the Purpose of winding-up the Affairs of the said Company, realizing the Property and Effects thereof, discharging its Liabilities, and dividing and distributing the Money to be pud into the said Bank as aforesaid, and other the clear Property and Effects of the said Company or the Produce thereof, to and amongst the several Members thereof, according and in proportion to their respective Shares of and in the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; and the Persons who at the Time of such Payment as aforesaid into the said Bank are Members of the said Corporation, and the Persons who at such Time are the Directors of the said Corporation, or the Survivors of them, shall during the said Period continue such Members and Directors respectively, notwithstanding the Receipt by any of them of their Shares or Proportions of or in the said Sum of Two hundred and forty-eight thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and the said Company and such Members and Directors respectively shall, during the Period and for the Purposes aforesaid, have, exercise, and enjoy all such Powers and Privileges as by and under the said recited Act and Letters Patent are conferred on such Company and the Directors and other Members thereof, anything in the said recited Act or Letters Patent to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

185a

Borough Bridget *

Cap. 64.

547

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to provide for more effectually maintaining, repairing, improving, and rebuilding Bridges in Cities and Boroughs.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Bridges in any City ' or Borough, which such City or Borough, and not the County in which such City or Borough is situate, is legally bound to maintain and repair, should be under the sole Management and Control oi the Council of such City or Borough: And whereas it is also expedient that such Council of such City or Borough should in certain Cases be empowered to borrow on the Security of the Rate of such City or Borough the Money which may from Time to Time be required for the Purpose of maintaining, altering, widening, repairing, improving, and rebuilding such Bridges Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act every Bridge which is either wholly or in part within the Limits of any City or Borough in which there is or shall be a Body Corporate, of Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or of any Charter granted in pursuance of that or of any subsequent Act, and which Bridge such City or Borough, and not the County in which such City or Borough is situate, is legally bound to maintain or repair, shall, as to the whole of such Bridge, if the same is wholly within the Limits of such City or Borough, or as to such Part as is within the Limits of such City or Borough, if Part only is within such Limits, be maintained, altered, widened, repaired, improved, or rebuilt under the sole Management and Control of the Council of such City or Borough.

II. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act such Council of any such City or Borough, at any Meeting of such Council, shall have and may exercise all the Powers which the Justices of the Peace of any County at their General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any other Time, now have and may exercise with respect to any County Bridge, or as near thereto as the Nature of the Case will admit; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Council, and they are hereby empowered, to order and direct that such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid shall be paid, out of the Rate of such City or Borough, by the Treasurer for the Time being of such City or Borough, at such Times and in such Manner as to the said Council shall seem fit: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary for the Council of any

Mm3 such

Providing hr the Repairs and rebuilding of Bridges within Limits of Corporate Cities or Boroughs. 5 & 6 W.4. c. 76.

Councils may direct Payment of necessary Amount of Money out of Rates.

548 Cap. 64. Borough Bridget. 13 & 14 Vi (ft.

such City or Borough to cause any Notice to be given or published in any Newspaper in any Case in which Notice is required to be given or published with respect to County Bridges.

Councils may

III. And be it enacted, That when and so often as it shall for the p^°ney Appear to the Council of any such City or Borough, at any of maintaining Meeting of such Council holden at any Time after the passing or rebuilding of this Act, that the Amount of any Estimate approved of by Bridges. Such Council for the maintaining, altering, widening, repairing, improving, or rebuilding of any such Bridge or Bridges or any Part thereof, or the Approaches thereto, which any such City or Borough, and not the County in which such City or Borough is situate, is legally bound to maintain and repair, shall exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for such Council and they are hereby empowered, after having first entered a Statement of the Amount of such Estimate in the Minute Book of the Council, to borrow and take up on Mortgage of the Rate of such City or Borough, by an Instrument in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.), or to the like Effect, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount of such Estimate, in Sums of not less than Fifty Pounds each, at Interest, as to the said Council shall appear necessary and expedient, for the Purposes aforesaid or any of them, and to secure every such Sum of Money so borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rate; and it shall and may be lawful for such Council, at any such Meeting, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to treat and agree with any Person or Persons for the Loan of any such Sum or Sums of Money; and every such Instrument under the Hand of the Mayor or other Member of the Council who shall happen to preside at any such Meeting as aforesaid, and under the Corporate Seal of the said City or Borough, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be effectual for securing the Money therein expressed to be advanced, with Interest thereon, to the Person or Persons advancing the same, on such Terms as in and by such Instrument shall be stipulated; and a Copy of every such Instrument shall be kept by the Town Clerk of any such City or Borough as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, and for his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, are hereby empowered, by endorsing his, her, or their Name or Name on the Back of any such Instrument, and by giving Notice of such Endorsement to the Town Clerk for the Time being, to transfer the same, and his, her, or their Right to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto any Person or Persons; and every such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, may in like Maimer transfer the same again, and so toties quoties; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer thereof shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors,

1850* Borough Bridget. Cap. 64. 54$

enters, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be a Creditor or Creditors upon the said Bate in an equal Degree one with another, sad shall not hare any Preference with respect to the Priority* of any Monies so advanced as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Interest on such Council and they are hereby authorized and required to Mo"*.es bor" charge the Bate to be raised in such City or Borough, not chLgeupon* only with the Interest of the Money so borrowed, but also with the Rates, the Payment of such further Sum as shall ensure the Payment of the whole of the Sum borrowed within Fourteen Years from the Time of borrowing the same, and such Sums shall be assessed on such City or Borough in such Manner as Borough Rates are directed to be assessed under the Laws in force for that Purpose, and shall be paid and applied, under the Direction of such Council, in discharge of the Interest, and of so many of the Principal Sums on the said Securities as such Money will extend to discharge in each Year, until the whole ef die Money for which such Securities shall be made, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the Council shall and they are hereby required to fix One or more Day or Days in each Year on which such Payment shall be made, and shall give Directions for Assessments to be made in due Time, so as to provide for the regular Payment thereof; and the, Treasurer of such City or Borough shall and he is hereby required to keep an exact and regular Account of all the Receipts and Payments under the Authority of this Act, in a Book or Books, separate and apart from all other Accounts, and the same to adjust and settle in such Manner that it may easily be seen what Interest is growing due and what Principal Money has been discharged, and what remains due, and the Books or Book so adjusted and settled to lay before the Council at every quarterly Meeting of such Council; and such Council shall also and they are hereby required, at every such quarterly Meeting, carefully to inspect all such Accounts, and to give such Orders and Directions for carrying the Purposes of this Act into execution, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet; and such Council at such quarterly Meeting as aforesaid shall direct in what Order such Securities shall be discharged, by drawing Lots or otherwise, as they shall think fit: Provided always, that they shall in the first place discharge all such Securities as shall bear the highest Bate of Interest

V. And whereas by the Extension of the Boundaries of Repair of 1 certain Boroughs under the Provision of the Act of the Fifth

6 and Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Boundaries of 1 Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Municipal Bo- England and Wales, certain Bridges and Parts of Bridges 4 ^76

have been included within the Boundaries of those Cities and ' Boroughs, and are thereby subject to the Jurisdiction of such Cities or Boroughs, which Bridges before the passing of such 1 Act were maintained as to the whole or such Parts thereof as were within the Limits of such Cities and Boroughs by the Inhabitants thereof, and the remaining Bridges and Parts of

M m 4 4 Bridges

550 CAp. 64. Borough Bridges. 13 & 14 VICT.

Bridges which were not situate within such Limits were main- tained by the Inhabitants of the Counties or Hidings reepeo-

tively adjoining thereto: And whereas Doubts have arisen respecting the future Repairs and Maintenance of such Bridges Be it therefore enacted, That every Bridge which is wholly or in part included within the Boundary of any such City or Borough the Inhabitants whereof, before the passing of the said recited Act, were by Prescription or otherwise liable to and did maintain the Bridges and Parts of Bridges within their respective Cities and Boroughs, shall as to the whole of such Bridges, if the same is wholly within the Limits of such City or Borough, or as to such Part as is within the Limits of such City or Borough if Part only is within such Limits, be maintained, altered, widened, and repaired, improved or rebuilt, under the sole Management and Control of the Council of such City or Borough.

Act may be

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or

amended, &c. ^pealed by any Act passed in this present Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

(A.)

Form of Mortgage and Charge upon the Borough Rate for securing Money borrowed.

J A.B. [Mayor, Alderman, or Councillor, as the Case may be,] of the [City or Borough of ], and Chairman

of a certain Meeting of the Council of the said [City or Borough of, as the Case may be, '] duly holden at

aforesaid on the Day of in the Year of our Lord in pursuance of the Powers to me

given by an Act passed in the Year of the Reign

of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled [insert Title of Act], do hereby mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said [City or Borough] under the Description of Borough Rates by the Laws now in being with the Payment of the Sum of Pounds, which C.D. of

hath proposed and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid, towards defraying the Expenses of [maintaining, altering, widening, repairing, improving, or rebuilding, as the Case may be,] a certain Bridge called [or]

certain Bridges called and within the said [City or Borough], and the Approaches thereto [as the Case may be]; and I do hereby assign the same unto the said C.D, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for securing the Payment of the Sum of Pounds, and Interest

for the same after the Rate of Pounds per Centum

per Annum, and do order the Treasurer for the said [City or Borough] to pay the Interest of the said Sum of after the Rate aforesaid, half-yearly as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act.

ism

Public Libraries and Museum *

Cap. 65 *

551

CAP. LXV.

An Act for enabling Town Councils to establish Public Libraries and Museums.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to promote the Establishment and Extension of Public.Libraries, and to give greater Facilities than now exist for establishing and extending Public Museums of Art and Science, in Municipal Boroughs, for the Instruction and Recreation of the People Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, ' by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in a Session of Parliament 8 & 9 Vict. c. 43. held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign [of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for encouraging the Establish- adopted*^ went of Museums in large Towns, shall from and after the passing any Municipal of this Act be repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the Mayor, upon the Request of the Town Council of any Municipal Borough (the Population of which, according to the last Account taken thereof by Authority of Parliament, exceeds Ten thousand Persons), to ascertain whether the Provisions of this Act shall be adopted for such Borough, in manner following; that is to say, by causing a Notice to be affixed on or near the Door of the Town Hall of the said Borough, and on or near the Door of every Church or Chapel within the said Borough, and to be inserted in some Newspaper published in such Borough, or, if there be none such, in some Newspaper published in the County in which such Borough is situate, and circulating in such Borough, specifying on what Day, not earlier than Ten Days after the affixing and Publication of such Notices, and at what Place or Places within the said Borough, the Burgesses are required to signify their Votes for or against the Adoption of this Act; which Votes shall be received on such Day, commencing at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and ending at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of such Day; and the said Notice shall be to the Effect of Form No. 1. in the Schedule hereto annexed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Mayor shall appoint Places Mayor to ap-and Persons for taking the said Votes, and they shall be there P0"* p, *ftw taken by such Persons, and such Questions may be put tp each 1 0 Voter, and with such Liability in case of a false Answer, as at Elections under the Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Woks; and the Declaration of Vote of the Voters shall be to the Effect of Form No. 2. in the said Schedule.

III. And be it enacted, That every Burgess who shall be Burgesses on enrolled on the Burgess Roll for the Time being of such Bo- Burgess Roll rough shall be entitled to vote for or against the Adoption of entitled to this Act, and no Person who shall not be enrolled on such Burgess Roll for the Time being shall be entitled so to vote; and the Mayor, in the Presence of Two or more Members of the

Town Councils to provide the Things necessary for the Enjoyment of such Museums and Libraries, and to appoint proper Officers.

Council, with Approbation of Treasury, may borrow Money ou Credit of Borough Rates, &c.

Cap. 65# Public Libraries and Muwums* 13 & 14 VICT.

Town Council of such Borough, shall examine the Votes, and shall, by public Notice in manner herein-after mentioned, declare whether Two Thirds of the Votes given have been given in favour of the Adoption of the said Act; and the Adoption or Non-adoption of this Act shall be decided by such Number of Votes as aforesaid; and Notice of the Adoption of this Act by the Borough shall be forthwith riven by affixing the same at or near the Door of the Town Hall of the said Borough, to the Effect of Form No, 3. in the said Schedule; and if it shall be determined in manner aforesaid that the Provisions of this Act shall be adopted for such Borough, then it shall be lawful for the Town Council to purchase or take on Rent, with or "without Payment of Fine, any Lands or Buildings for the Purpose of forming Public Libraries or Museums of Art and Science, or both, and to erect, alter, and extend any Buildings for such Purpose, and to maintain and keep the same in good Repair; and that for the Purchase, building, extending, altering, and repairing such Lands and Buildings, and Payment of sudi Rent and Fines, and for other Purposes of this Act, and for the Payment of any Principal Money and Interest borrowed under the Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Council to levy, with and as Part of the Borough Rate, or by a separate Rate to be levied in like Manner as the Borough Rate, such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time needed: Provided always, that the whole Amount of Rate levied for the Purposes of this Act do not in any One Year amount to more than One Halfpenny in the Pound on the annual Value of the Property in the Borough rateable to the Borough Rate.

IV. And be it enacted, That out of the Monies to be raised under the Provisions of this Act it shall be lawful for the Town Council, or for such Committees as they shall appoint for all or any such Purposes, from Time to Time to purchase and provide such Fuel, Lighting, Fixtures, Furniture, and other similar Matters, for the convenient and useful Occupation and Enjoyment of such Libraries, Museums, and Premises, and to appoint such Officers and Servants, with Salaries and Remuneration, and to make such Rules and Regulations for the Safety and Use of the said Libraries and Museums, and for the Admission of Visitors and others, as to them shall seem fit; and that any such Committee may be appointed for such Times only and composed of such Persons (whether Members of the Council or not) as the Council may think fit, and may at any Time be dissolved by the said Council.

V. And be it enacted, That for the Purchase of such Lands, and the erecting, extending, altering, and repairing of such Buildings, it shall be lawful for the Council of any such Municipal Borough as aforesaid, from Time to Time, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow at Interest such Sums of Money as may be required for the same, on the Security of the said yearly Amount of Borough Rate authorized by this Act

553 *

1850. PuMic Libraries and Museums. Cap. 66:

YL And be it enacted, That the Lands and Buildings so Buildings for purchased, erected, extended, or altered as aforesaid, and also LibrwSJ all Books, Maps, and Specimens of Art and Science which may the Property be presented to, and all Fixtures, Furniture, and Articles of therein, to be every Description which may be presented to or purchased for, any such Library or Museum, or to or for the said Council for Borough in the Purposes of such Library or Museum, or to or for any Com- trust for the mittee appointed by them, shall be vested in and held upon trust for ever by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough in which such Library or Museum shall be situated, and shall be managed by the Council of the Borough (or by a Committee or Committees appointed by them), and kept in fit and proper Order, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Borough and others resorting thereto.

VII. And be it enacted, That Admission to such Libraries and Museums shall be free of all Charge. to be free.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if the Burgesses shall deter* if Burgesses mine in the Manner aforesaid against the Adoption of this Act it determine not shall not be lawful within Two Years after such Determination, ActfhPshSrnot again to take the Votes of the Burgesses of the said Borough be again pro. in manner aforesaid for the Purpose of ascertaining whether p°d for Two die Provisions of this Act shall be adopted for such Borough. Years *

IX. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Repeal of Museums be-the said Act hereby repealed, all Museums established or begun {^n cst*" under the Provisions of the said repealed Act may be lawfully relied1 Act maintained, completed, and managed by the Ways and Means to be main-in this Act provided, in all respects as if such Museums had tained» &c-been established and begun under the Sanction and Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Short Title of Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be suffi- Act-

dent to use the Expression "Public Libraries Act, 1850."

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amended»

SCHEDULE.

No. 1.

Ik pursuance of the Provisions of an Act of Victoria,

Chapter for enabling Town Councils to establish Public

Libraries and Museums, the Burgesses of this Borough are hereby required, on the Day of to

signify by a Declaration, either printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, and to be delivered to the Mayor or his Deputy at the Places under mentioned, their Votes for or against the Adoption of the aforesaid Act.

(Signed) A. JB., Mayor.

N.B. — The Situation, Division, and Allotments of the different Places for delivering the said Votes are as follows: [Here insert the Place or Places at which the Burgesses are to vote, in like Manner as in Elections under the Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and frules.-\

No. 2.

No. 2.

I do hereby vote [for or against, as the Case may be, "] the Adoption of the Act of the Year of the Reign of

Queen Victoria, Chapter, for enabling Town Coun-

cils to establish Public Libraries and Museums.

(Signed) A.B.

[Here insert the Name of the Street, Lane, or other Place in which the Property for which the Voter appears to be rated on the Burgess Roll is situated.]

No. 3.

Notice is hereby given, that this Borough has adopted the Provisions of an Act of the Victoria, Chapter

for enabling Town Councils to establish Public Libraries and Museums, and that the Numbers of the Majority and Minority of Votes given for or against the Adoption of the said Act are as follow; that is to say, Votes for the Adoption

of the said Act, and Votes against it.

Dated this Day ofA.D.

(Signed) A.B., Mayor.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[14th August 1850.]

S& 9 Vict c. 118.

Inclosures mentioned in Schedule to be proceeded with.

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the Division of intermixed Lands, to provide Remedies for defective or c incomplete Executions and for the Non-execution of the Powers (of general and local Inclosure Acts, and to provide for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases, issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been duly given: And whereas the said Commissioners have by a Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Enclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

1850.' Commons Inclosure (No. 2.) Cap: 66, 67. '

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts short Title, of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression "The Second Annual Inclosure Act,

1850."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Bunball Commons - Norfolk - 18th December 1849.

Baiobridge - York - 18th January 1850.

Ficton Marsh - Flint - 28th June 1849.

Shipton-under-Wychwood - Oxford - 7th February 1850.

Nantcwnlle - Cardigan 7th February 1850.

Little Drayton Heath - Salop - 7th February 1850.

Over Staveley - Westmorland 7th February 1850.

Bom Common - York - 9th March 1850.

Mepal - Cambridge 15th February. 1850.

Fountains Earth Moor - York 9th March 1850.

Lknycrwys - Carmarthen 9th March 1850.

Garsdale - York 28th February 1849.

Warkworth Northumberland 19th April 1850.

Wattesfield - Suffolk - 9th May 1850.

Coven - Stafford 9th May 1850.

Southstoke-cum-Woodcote Oxford 4th April 1850.

Hanghley - m Suffolk 18th Decemberl849.

little Musgrave - Westmorland 4th April 1850.

Talkin Fell - Cumberland 24th January 1850.

Hitchenden - - Bucks - 17th May 1850.

Fambam Manor - Surrey 22d June 1849.

Pencarreg - Carmarthen 7th February 1850.

Salthoose and Kelling - Norfolk - 29th June 1850.

Litcham - Norfolk - 20th July 1850.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose a countervailing Duty on Sugar used in the brewing of Beer for Sale; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Licences granted to Brewers and Distillers.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal s& 9 Vict. c. is.

the Duties of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, the following Duty of Excise was granted and is now payable;

(that is to say,) for and upon every Hundred Weight of ' Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, from whatever

Materials

Cap. G7.

Excise Sugar and-Licences.- 13 & 14 VICTi

Excise Duty on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom reduced.

Reduced Duties on Sugar to be charged, &c. in like Manner as the former Duty.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 5.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 97.

Grant of a Duty on Sugar used in the brewing of Beer.

Materials made, and so in proportion for any greater or less c Quantity than One Hundred Weight, the Sum of Fourteen f Shillings; And whereas it is expedient to reduce the said

Duty:" Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid at and after the reduced Rate of Eleven Shillings per Hundred Weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight; and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the said Duty shall be further reduced, and shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid at and after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight, and so in proportion for any greater or leas Quantity than a Hundred Weight.

II. And be it enacted, That the said reduced Duties of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom shall respectively be charged, raised, levied, collected, and recovered, applied and accounted for, by the same Means, Ways, and Methods, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by and under and subject to which the said Duty of Excise on Sugar could or might be charged, raised, levied, collected, and recovered, applied and accounted for, immediately before the passing of tins Act.

III. And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign Brewers c of Beer for Sale are allowed to make use of Sugar in the ' brewing or making of Beer: And whereas at the Time of the passing of the said Act the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Sugar, and the Duties of Excise on Sugar (manufactured in the United Kingdom, were respectively equivalent to the Duty of Excise which would have been payable ' on the Malt for which any such Sugar might be substituted in the brewing or making of Beer; but by an Act subsequently

passed in the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign,

and by this Act, the said respective Duties on Sugar will, on

or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, be reduced so and in such Manner as to cease ' to be equivalent to the Duty of Excise on the Malt for which (such Sugar may be substituted as aforesaid, and it is expedient to impose such a Duty on all Sugar to be used in the

brewing or making of Beer for Sale as with the said Duties of Customs or Excise payable on Sugar under any former ' Act or Acts or this Act may be equivalent to such Excise r Duty on Malt as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred

1650. Excise Sugar and Licences, Cap. 67. 661

died and fifty-one there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Sugar to be used by any Brewer of Beer for Sale in the brewing or making of Beer, the Duty (over and above all other Duties, whether of Customs or Excise,) of One Shilling and Four-pence for every Hundred Weight, and at and after the like Rate for any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of such Sugar, to be payable and paid by such Brewer.

lY. And be it enacted, That the said Duty granted and Duty granted imposed by this Act shall be denominated and deemed to be Ex^Sm* a Duty of Excise, and shall be under the Care and Manage- anTto be under ment of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and shall be the Manage-raised, levied, collected, secured, recovered, and paid at such commLbners Times and in such Manner, and under such Rules and Direc- of inland Reve-tkms, as the said Commissioners may in that Behalf appoint, nue, and to be and also under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Condi- le^'Excise* dons. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such *CSe

Powers, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form by which other Duties of Excise may be raised, levied, collected, secured, recovered, and paid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same and every of them were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act

V. And whereas by the said Act of the Tenth Year of Her Brewers to present Majesty's Reign, herein-before mentioned or referred

to, every Brewer of Beer for Sale who makes use of Sugar in Quantity of *

the brewing or making of Beer is required, under the Penalty Sugar used in of Two hundred Pounds, to enter or cause to be entered in brewing.

the Book in the said Act described or mentioned the Quantity ' in Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar which he intends to ' use in his next Brewing, together with other Particulars relating thereto Be it enacted, That if any Brewer shall neglect Penalty for or omit to enter or cause to be entered in such Book as aforesaid, om[tting to mid at the Time and in the Manner by the said Act directed, [neJoTfor the full and true Quantity of all Sugar which he shall use in making any the brewing or making of Beer, or if he shall make use of any faU Entry, Sugar in or towards the brewing or making of Beer before such Sugar and the fall and true Quantity thereof shall have been duly entered in the said Book in manner aforesaid, or if he shall make, or cause, permit, or suffer to be made, in any such Book, any Entry which shall be untrue in any Particular, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above any Penalty to which he may be liable under the said former or any other Act or Acts of Parliament

VL. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal 6 G. 4. c. 8i.

several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain

and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences, certain Duties ' of Excise were granted and made payable in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Boland for and

upon

Brewers not to retail or sell Beer at any other Place than their licensed Brewing Premises, or on Premises licensed for the express Purpose.

Cap. 67. Excise Sugar and Licences. 13 & 14 Vict.

upon every Licence to be taken out by any Maker, Manufacturer, Trader, Dealer, Retailer, or Person in the same Act mentioned, and, amongst others, by every Brewer of Beer for Sale, and by every Brewer of Beer for Sale who shall retail such Beer to be consumed elsewhere than on his, her, or their

Premises, and by every Person, not being*a Brewer of Beer for Sale, who shall sell strong Beer only m Casks containing

not less than Four and a Half Gallons Imperial Standard Gallon Measure, or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, to be drunk or consumed elsewhere

than on his, her, or their Premises: And whereas by the said last-recited Act it is enacted that no Licence taken out under or by the Authority of the said Act by any Person or Persons, except Auctioneers and Maltsters, shall authorize or empower such Person or Persons to exercise or carry on the

Trade or Business mentioned in such Licence in more than r One separate and distinct Set of Premises, such Premises being all adjoining or contiguous to each other, and situate in One Place, and held together for the same Trade or Business, and of which he, she, or they shall have made lawftd Entry, to exercise or carry on therein his, her, or their Trade or Business as aforesaid at the Time of granting such Licence;

but that a separate and distinct Licence shall be taken out by all and every such Person or Persons as aforesaid, except as aforesaid, to exercise or carry on his, her, or their Traae ot Business as aforesaid at or in any other or different Premises than as before mentioned: And whereas a Practice has arisen amongst certain licensed Brewers of Beer for Sale of selling

Beer at or in other or different Premises or Places than the Premises in which such Brewers exercise or carry on their Trade or Business of Brewers of Beer under or by virtue of the Licence granted to them respectively in that Behalf, and Doubts are entertained as to the Duties and Liabilities incurred by such Persons by reason of such Practice; and it is expedient to remove such Doubts Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty it shall not be lawful for any Brewer of Beer for Sale to retail Beer at any Place other than the Premises mentioned in a separate and distinct Licence granted to him for that Purpose, and expressly authorizing him in that Behalf, or to sell, at any Place other than the Premises mentioned in such Licence as last aforesaid, or the Premises in which he shall be licensed to exercise or carry on and shall actually actually and bona fide exercise and carry on the Trade or Business of a Brewer of Beer, Beer in any Quantity amounting to or exceeding Four and a Half Gallons or Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles of Beer, to be drunk or consumed elsewhere tfian on the Premises where sold; and if any Brewer of Befer shall retail or sell any Beer at any place other than such licensed Premises as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, he shall be subject mid liable to and shall forfeit and

569

Excise Sugar and Licences. Cap. 67.

lose the same Penalty and Penalties as any other Person, not being a Brewer of Beer, is or would be subject or liable to for doing the like Act without being duly licensed in that Behalf.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be Brewers may lawful for any Brewer of Beer to take out any separate Licence ^Lofor the or Licences for the Sale or Retail of Beer at any other Place s»ie of Beer at than the Premises in which he shall be licensed to exercise and any other Place cany on the Trade or Business of a Brewer, as well as a Licence "ei7l!c*uaed to retail Beer in or upon such last-mentioned Premises, and such Brewing Pre-Brewer, so far as regards the Sale or any Licence to be taken miaes. out for the Sale by him of Beer at any other Place than such last-mentioned Premises, shall be on the same Footing as and shall be deemed and held to be a Person not being a Brewer of Beer: Provided also, that the taking or receiving of Orders Taking Orders at any Place whatever by any licensed Brewer of Beer, or his for the Servant or Agent, for the Sale of Beer in any Quantity amount- a^ned seUi^ ing to or exceeding Four and a Half Gallons or Two Dozen Beer at any reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, which shall be sent to the oth^, thSn Purchaser direct from the Premises in which such Brewer shall re"

be licensed to brew or sell Beer, shall not be deemed or held to be a selling of Beer at any other Place than such licensed Premises.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to 4 G. 4. c. 94.

grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn

1 or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, certain Enactments ' and Provisions were made in respect of Licences to be granted in Scotland and Ireland under the Authority of the same Act,

and certain Restrictions and Penalties were imposed upon Persons licensed under the Provisions of the same Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties 6 G. 4. c. so.

payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of licences for distilling, rectifying, or compounding such Spirits,

and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty for Exportation, certain Enactments and Provisions were made in respect of Licences to be granted in England under the Authority of the last-mentioned Act, and certain Restrictions and Penalties were imposed upon Persons licensed under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act: And whereas by the said firstly-recited Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the said King George the Fourth, it was enacted, that the Duties granted or payable for or in respect of Excise Licences in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or for or upon the

Provisions of 4 G. 4. c. 94. and 6 G. 4. C. 80. to be deemed to apply to Distillers licensed under 6 G. 4. c. 81.

Cap. 67. Excise Sugar and Licences. 13 & 14 Vict.

granting thereof, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, should cease and determine, and in lieu and instead thereof certain other Duties were by the said last-mentioned Act granted for and upon every Licence to be taken out by any Maker, Manufacturer,

Trader, Dealer, Retailer, or Person therein mentioned, and,

amongst others, by every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and certain Regulations and Provisions are by the said last-mentioned Act enacted respecting the granting and issuing of such Licences, as well as of various other Licences specified in the same Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Regulations and Provisions of the said lastmentioned Act may not have repealed and rendered void or be deemed to have repealed and rendered void the said Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, and Penalties contained in the said Two other recited Acts passed respectively in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, as aforesaid, and whether the Regulations and Provisions, Restrictions and Penalties, contained in the said Two other recited Acts, with regard to Distillers and other Persons therein mentioned or referred to as licensed or required to be licensed under the said Two other recited Acts respectively or either of them, are in force and applicable by Law to Distillers and such other Persons if licensed under the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and it is expedient to remove all such Doubts:' Be it therefore declared and enacted, That nothing in the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, herein-before firstly recited, contained, shall be deemed or construed to repeal or in any way affect any of the Regulations or Provisions contained in either of the said Two other recited Acts of the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of the said King respectively, save and except as to the Manner of granting and issuing such Licence, and as to the Duty payable thereon, and as to the Penalty to be incurred for making use of a Still without being licensed for that Purpose, and save and except so far as the express Provisions of the said Two last-mentioned Acts or either of them are inconsistent with the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the said King's Reign; and that every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, to whom a Licence in that Behalf hath been or shall be granted under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, shall for all Purposes be deemed and considered to be and to have been licensed, as well under the said other recited Acts respectively of the Fourth and Sixth Years of the said King's Reign as under the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the said King's Reign, and that all Enactments, Provisions, Restrictions, and Penalties contained in the said Two other recited Acts respectively of the Fourth and Sixth Years of the

185a

Excise Sugar and Licences. Cap. 67, 68.

said King's Reign, or either of them, save and except in the Particulars herein-before mentioned with regard to Distillers and other Persons therein mentioned or referred to as licensed or required to be licensed under them or either of them respectively, shall be deemed and construed to apply to every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively to whom any Licence in that Behalf hath been or shall be granted under the Provisions of the said firstly-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, in like Manner as if such Persons had been licensed respectively under either of the said Two other recited Acts.

LX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session &mended»&c* of Parliament

An Act to shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to shorten the Time now ' allowed by Law for taking the Polls at contested Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the several ' Counties, Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, and to (divide the same into Districts for the Purpose of Polling, and to establish a separate Polling Place within each such District:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at At contested every contested Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire lecli?ns to serve in Parliament for any County in Ireland which shall ing^continue tike place after the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year of for Two Day§ oar Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Polling only-shall commence on the next Day but Two after the Day fixed for the Election, save in the Cases herein-after mentioned, at the principal Place of Election, and also at the several Places to be appointed as herein-after directed for taking the Polls; and such Polling shall continue for Two Days only, such Days being successive Days, save in the Cases herein-after mentioned, and shall commence at the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Morning of the First Day and at Eight of the Clock in the Morning of the Second Day, and be kept open only between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon for the First Day, and between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon of the Second Day; and no Poll shall be kept open later than Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Second Day, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that when such Day next but

CAP. LXVIII.

Nn 2

Two

502

Counties to be divided into Districts for Polling accord* ing to the Schedule to this Act.

At contested Elections for Counties Booths to be erected so that not more than Six hundred be required to poll in One Booth.

Cap. 68. Election* (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Two after the Day fixed for the Election shall be Saturday, Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, then in case it be Saturday or Sunday the Poll shall be on the Monday next following, and in case it be Good Friday then, on the Monday next following, and in case it be Christmas Day then on the next following Day, if the same shall not be Saturday or Sunday, and if it be Saturday or Sunday on the next following Monday: Provided also, that when the Day following the First Day of Polling shall be Good Friday or Christmas Day, then in case it be Good Friday the Second Day of Polling shall be on the Saturday next following, and in case it be Christmas Day then on the next following Day, if the same shall not be Sunday, and if it be Sunday then on the next following Monday.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Counties in Ireland, as mentioned in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall from and after the said Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one be divided into Districts for Polling, according to the Arrangement specified in the said Schedule; and that in each such District the Poll shall be taken in the Town or Place specified in the said Schedule, and that each Polling District shall include the several Baronies or Divisions connected with the Name of the same Polling Place in the said Schedule; and each such District shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be called after the Name of such Polling Place: Provided always, that so far as may be necessary for the Purposes of Registration of Electors under an Act of the present Session to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating Immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs, and not otherwise, such Division as aforesaid shall take effect from the Ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred aijd fifty.

III. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election for any County in Ireland after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Sheriff shall, at the Place appointed for taking the Poll for each such District as aforesaid, cause to be erected or provided a separate Booth for each Barony or Half Barony in such District, and shall cause to be affixed on the most conspicuous Part of each such Booth the Name of the Barony or Half Barony for which such Booth is respectively allotted, and no Person shall be admitted to vote at any such Election in any Booth except that allotted for the Barony or Half Barony upon the Register of which his Name shall appear: Provided always, that if in any Barony or Half Barony there shall appear upon the Register thereof the Names of more than Six hundred Electors, the Sheriff shall cause so many separate Booths to be erected or provided for such Barony or Half Barony that not more than Six hundred shall be required to poll in any One Booth; and the Sheriff shall, in case of such separate Booths for the same

1850. Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68. 563

same Barony or Half Barony, declare the Initial Letters of the Surnames of the Voters who are to vote at the same, and have such Initial Letters placed on the said Booths under the Name of the Barony or Half Barony: Provided also, that on the Requisition of any Candidate, or of any Elector being the Proposer or Seconder of any Candidate, at any such contested Election after the Day last aforesaid, such Requisition to be made or given at or before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on the Day of Nomination, the Booths shall be so arranged by the Sheriff that not more than Three hundred Electors shall be allotted to poll at each such Booth: Provided also, that the Candidate or Elector making such Requisition shall pay all additional Expenses occasioned by such Division or Arrangement

IV. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election Sheriff to ap-as aforesaid for any County in Ireland the Sheriff shall have

Power to appoint, and shall appoint. Deputies to preside, and for Poli-

Clerka to take the Poll at the several Places appointed for ing Booth.

Polling for the several Baronies or Half Baronies as mentioned

in the said Schedule, and in the several Polling Booths, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk for each Polling

Booth; and that the Poll Clerks employed at such several

Places shall at the Close of each Day's Poll enclose and seal

their several Books, and shall publicly deliver them so enclosed

and sealed to the Sheriff or Sheriff's Deputy presiding at such

Poll, who shall give a Receipt for the same, and shall on the

Commencement of the Poll on the Second Day deliver them

back so enclosed and sealed to the Person from whom he shall have received them; and on the final Close of the Poll every such Deputy who shall have received any such Poll Books shall forthwith deliver the same so enclosed and sealed to the Sheriff

or his Under Sheriff, who shall receive and keep all the Poll

Books unopened until the re-assembling of the Court on the

Day next but One after the Close of the Poll, unless such Day

shall be Sunday, and then on the Monday following, at an Hour

not earlier than Eleven of the Clock, when he shall openly break

the Seals thereon, and cast up the Number of Votes as they

appear on the said several Books, and shall openly declare the Poll when to be

State of the Poll, and shall declare the Member or Members declared.

chosen, at or before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day.

V. And be it enacted, That each of the Cities, Towns, and Cities and Bo- Boroughs in Ireland mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act wd'n annexed shall from and after the Fifteenth Day of March in divided into° the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one be divided Polling Di»-into Polling Districts, and that each of the Wards into which *" *

the said Cities, Towns, and Boroughs shall have been respectively divided for Municipal Purposes under the Provisions of the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, or any Act amending the same, shall be a separate Polling District

Nn 3

List of Electors of such Cities, Towns, &c. to be divided by Wards, &c., and so printed in the Register.

Electors in respect of Property not situate in any Ward to be inserted in List of adjoining Ward.

Cap. 68. Elections (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for each of the said Cities, Towns, and Boroughs mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) shall before the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one cause the List of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, duly signed by the Assistant Barrister, Chairman, 'or Revising Barrister, upon the Revision of the same, to be divided, arranged, and printed in the Book of the Register of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough in manner following; (that is to say,) the Names of all Persons appearing upon the said List as Resident Freemen shall be placed upon a separate List, to be entitled " The List of Resident Freemen," and shall be arranged therein in strict alphabetical Order according to the First, Second, and other Letters of their Surnames, and the Names in such List of Freemen shall be numbered consecutively, beginning with Number One, and the Names of all Persons appearing on the said List of Voters, signed as aforesaid, as qualified in respect of any Property Qualification, or as Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be divided into Lists for the respective Wards, according to the Number and Names of the Municipal Wards into which each such City, Town, or Borough shall have been divided under the said Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, or any Act amending the same; and each of such Ward Lists shall be headed with the Name of the Ward, and shall contain the Names of all Persons appearing upon the said List of Voters signed as aforesaid as qualified in respect of any Property situate within such Ward, or as Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within such Ward; and in each such Ward List the Names of the Persons appearing thereon shall be arranged in strict alphabetical Order according to the First, Second, and other Letters of the Surnames, and the Names in each such Ward List shall be numbered consecutively, beginning with Number One.

VII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of any Persons appearing on the said List of Voters signed as aforesaid for any such City, Town, or Borough mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) as qualified in respect of any Property Qualification, or as Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not situate within the Limits of any of such Wards, such Clerk of the Peace shall insert the Name of each of such last-mentioned Persons in the List for the Ward which the said Property, or the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which he may be so qualified, shall most nearly adjoin; or in case the said Property, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which any Person may be qualified shall be situate in more than One Ward, or partly within One or more Ward or Wards and partly without the Limits of any Ward, the Clerk of the Peace shall insert the Name of any such last-mentioned Person in the List of such One Ward in which such Property, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be partly situate, as such Clerk of the Peace shall think fit.

1850. Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Names of all Persons who shall at any Time after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one be on the List of Voters signed as aforesaid in each Year for any such City, Town, or Borough mentioned in the said Schedule1 (B.) shall be divided, arranged, and printed by the said Clerk of the Peace in manner herein-before specified.

IX. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election for any such City, Town, or Borough mentioned in the said Schedule (B ) which shall take place after the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one the Persons on the Register and entitled to vote thereat as Resident Freemen shall (save as herein-after mentioned) vote at some Booth or Compartment to %be erected or provided at or near the Place at which the Elections for such City, Town, or Borough are now usually holden, and not elsewhere; and all Persons on the Register and entitled to vote in respect of any Property Qualification, or as Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall vote at some Booths or Compartments to be erected or provided within the Ward upon the List of which their Names shall appear, and not elsewhere.

X. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or other Returning Officer at any such contested Election for any such City, Town, or Borough mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) (save as hereinafter provided) which shall take place after the Day last aforesaid shall cause a sufficient Number of Booths to be erected or provided at or near the Place where Elections for such City, Town, or Borough are now usually holden, to be called the Freemen's Booths, so that not more than Four hundred such Electors shall be allotted or obliged to poll in any One Booth, and that, as far as practicable consistently with the said Provision as to the Number of Four hundred, all such Persons whose Surnames shall begin with the same Letter of the Alphabet shall poll in the same Booth or Compartment: Provided always, that where the Number of Freemen on the Register shall not exceed Three hundred in Number no Freemen's Booth shall be provided, but such Freemen shall poll in such Ward Booths, and in such Proportions as the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall appoint and notify for such Purpose.

XL. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election for any such City, Town, or Borough mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) after the Day last aforesaid the Sheriff or Returning Officer shall cause to be erected or provided within each Ward thereof a sufficient Number of Booths or Compartments, to be called the Ward Booths, for the Purpose of taking the Votes of all those registered Electors whose Names appear on the List for such Ward, so as that not more than Four hundred such Electors shall be allotted or obliged to poll in any One Booth or Compartment, and that, as far as practicable consistently with the said Provision as to the Number of Four hundred, all such Persons whose Surnames shall begin with the

565

Electors for such Cities and Towns* &c. hereafter to be arranged and printed in lika Manner.

Booths at which Freemen and other Voters are to give their Votes.

Freemen's

Booths.

Booths in each Ward for other Voters,

566

Polling Places in Cities or Towns not mentioned in Schedule (B.)

At Elections for Cities and Towns, on Requisition of Candidate, Proposer, or Seconder, Arrangement to be made so that not more than Two hundred shall poll in each Booth.

At such Elections for Cities and Towns the Returning Officer to appoint Deputy and Poll Clerk for each Booth, and furnish List of Persons to poll thereat.

At Elections for Cities and Towns, Commencement and Continuance of Poll for One Day only.

Cap. 68. Elections (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

same Letter of the Alphabet shall poll at the same Booth or Compartment.

XII. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland not mentioned in said Schedule (B.) which shall take place after the Day last aforesaid the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall cause to be erected or provided so many Booths or Compartments for Polling as that not more than Four hundred Electors shall be allotted or required to poll in each such Booth or Compartment, and that, as far as practicable consistently with the said Provisions as to the Number of Four hundred, all Persons whose Surnames shall begin with the same Letter of the Alphabet shall poll in the same Booth or Compartment.

XIII. And be it enacted, That on the Requisition of any Candidate or of any Elector, being the Proposer or Seconder of any Candidate, at any such contested Election after the Day last aforesaid for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, whether the same be mentioned in said Schedule (B.) or not, such Requisition to be made or given at or before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on the Day of Nomination, the Booths or Compartments shall be so arranged by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer as that not more than Two hundred Electors shall be allotted to poll at each such Booth or Compartment: Provided always, that the Candidate or Elector making such Requisition shall pay all additional Expenses occasioned by such Division or Arrangement.

XIV. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, whether the same be mentioned in said Schedule (B.) or not, which shall take place after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall have Power to appoint, and shall appoint, a Deputy to preside and a Clerk to take the Poll at each such Booth or Compartment, and shall, before the opening of the Poll, deliver or cause to be delivered to each such Deputy a List of the Persons allotted to poll at the Booth or Compartment over which such Deputy is to preside, with the Names therein arranged in strict alphabetical Order, according to the First, Second, and other Letters of the Surnames.

XV. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, whether the same be mentioned in said Schedule (B.) or not, which shall take place after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Polling shall commence at Eight of the Clock of the Forenoon of the Day next but One after the Day fixed for the Election; and such Polling shall continue for such One Day only, and no Poll shall be kept open longer than Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of such Day, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that when such Day next but One after the Day fixed for the

Election

Elections (Ireland).

Cap. 68.

567

Election shall be Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, then in case it be Sunday the Poll shall be on the Monday next following, and in case it be Good Friday then on the Saturday next following, and in case it be Christmas Day then on the next following Day if the same shall not be Sunday, and if it be Sunday then on the next following Monday.

XVI. And be it enacted, That at every such contested Election for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, whether mentioned in the said Schedule (B.) or not, taking place after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Poll Clerks employed in the several Booths or Compartments shall at the Close of the Day's Poll enclose and seal their several Books, and shall publicly deliver them so enclosed and sealed to the Sheriffs or Returning Officer's Deputy presiding at such Poll, who shall give a Receipt for the same, and shall deliver the same so enclosed and sealed to the Sheriff or his Under Sheriff or other Returning Officer, who shall receive and keep all the Poll Books unopened until the reassembling of the Court on the Day next after the Close of the Poll, unless such Day shall be Sunday, and then on the Monday following, at an Hour not earlier than Ten of the Clock, when he shall openly break the Seals thereon, and cast up the Number of the Votes as they appear on the said several Books, and shall openly declare the State of the Poll, and shall declare the Member or Members chosen, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Election shall take place for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland before or on the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Poll and Proceedings thereat shall be taken in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect or apply to the Borough of the University of Dublin.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Sheriff or other Returning Officer, or the lawful Deputy of any Sheriff or Returning Officer, from doting the Poll previous to the Expiration of the Time fixed by this Act in any Case where the same might have been lawfully closed before the passing of this Act; and that where the Proceedings at any Election after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one (whether such Proceedings shall consist of the Nomination of a Candidate or Candidates or of the taking of the Poll) shall be interrupted or obstructed by any Riot or open Violence at or near the Place of Election or a Polling Place, or shall be interrupted or obstructed by any Riot or open Violence taking place elsewhere by the violent or forcible Prevention, Obstruction, or Interruption of Voters proceeding on their Way to such Election or Polling Place (such last^mentioned Prevention, Obstruction, or Interruption of Voters proceeding on their Way as aforesaid being shown by Affidavit), the Sheriff or

other

Duty of Poll Clerks at such Elections.

Declaration of Poll.

Elections on or before 15th Mar. 1851 and University of Dublin not to be affected.

Poll may be closed in certain Cases as heretofore.

Proceedings in case of Riot.

568

13 & 14 Vict.

Expense of Booths.

Cap. 68. Elections (Ireland).

other Returning Officer, or the lawful Deputy of any Sheriff or Returning Officer, shall not for such Cause terminate the Business of such Nomination, nor finally close the Poll, but shall adjourn the Nomination or the taking of the Poll at the particular Polling Place or Places at or near to which or on the Way to which such Interruption or Obstruction shall have happened until the following Day, and, if necessary, shall further adjourn such Nomination or Poll, as the Case may be, until such Interruption or Obstruction shall have ceased, when the Sheriff or Returning Officer or his Deputy shall again proceed with the Business of the Nomination, or with the taking the Poll, as the Case may be, at the Place or Places at or near to which or on the Way to which the same respectively may have been interrupted or obstructed; and the Day on which the Business of the Nomination shall have been concluded shall be deemed to have been the Day fixed for the Election, and the Commencement of the Poll shall be regulated accordingly; and any Day whereon the Poll shall have been so adjourned shall not, as to such Place or Places, be reckoned the Day of Polling at such Election within the Meaning of this Act; and whenever the Poll shall have been so adjourned by any Deputy of any Sheriff or other Returning Officer, such Deputy shall forthwith give Notice of such Adjournment to the Sheriff or Returning Officer, who shall not finally declare the State of the Poll, or make Proclamation of the Member or Members chosen, until the Poll so adjourned at such Place or Places as aforesaid shall have been finally closed, and the Poll Books delivered or transmitted to such Sheriff or other Returning Officer, anything herein-before or in any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act shall not be taken to authorize an Adjournment to a Sunday, but that in every Case in which the Day to which the Adjournment would otherwise be made shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, that Day or Days shall be passed over, and the following shall be the Day to which the Adjournment shall be made.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all Booths erected or provided for taking the Polls at any such Election shall be erected or provided by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer at the joint Expense of the Candidates, except in the Case when at an Election for a County, City, Town, or Borough such Requisition for additional Booths as herein-before provided for shall have been made; subject however to the Limitation herein-after contained, (that is to say,) that the Expense to be incurred for the Booth or each of the Booths at the principal Place of Election, or at any of the Polling Places for any County, shall not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds if in a public Building, and shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds if not in a public Building, and that the Expenses to be incurred for any Booth or Compartment in any City, Town, or Borough shall not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds if in a public Building, and shall not exceed

185a

569

Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68.

exceed the Sum of Five Pounds if not in a publie Building; and that all Deputies appointed by the Sheriff or other Return- Payment to De-ing Officer shall be paid each Two Pounds a Day, and no more, and 1>o11 and each Poll Clerk shall be paid One Pound a Day, at the C cr 5' Expense of the Candidates: Provided always, that if any Can* didate shall be proposed without his Consent, the Person proposing him shall be liable for his Share of the Expenses as if ne had been a Candidate: Provided also, that the Sheriff or other Returning Officer may, if he think fit, instead of erecting such Booth or Booths as aforesaid, hire any Houses or other Buildings for the Purpose of taking the Poll therein; subject however to the Limitations as to Expense herein-before contained.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff or other Return- Lists of Electors ing Officer shall before the Day fixed for the Polling at any ^/Noticeof1 ' such Election cause to be provided for the Use of each Booth situation of

a true Copy of the Register or List of Electors, so far as such Booths. Electors are allotted or appointed to vote at such Booth, in strict alphabetical Order, according to the First, Second, and other Letters of their Surnames, and shall under his Hand certify every such Copy to be true, and shall also cause to be made out and printed a Statement or Specification of the local Situations of the different Booths, and of the Division or Description of the Electors allotted to poll at each Booth, and shall give thereto full Publicity, by Posting and otherwise, and shall cause to be affixed to each Booth, in large Letters, on some conspicuous Part thereof, a Notice of the Division or Description of the Electors allotted to poll thereat.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Candidate at any such No Candidate Election after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight |£^Fecbof Ashanti red and fifty-one shall be liable to pay or to contribute to seuor.

the Payment of the Fee of any Assessor appointed by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient to provide for inoreas- Additional

1 ing the Number of Polling Places, and for altering Polling Pol, VJ5 Pla

Districts Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful ^upoiTped- - for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors tion from Ju*-of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council in Ire- 5*2in Quarter land, from Time to Time hereafter, on Petition from the Jus- bled.0 msm' ticcs of any County or Riding in Ireland in Quarter Sessions assembled, representing that the Number of Polling Places for such County or Riding is insufficient, and praying that the Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition may be a Polling Place or Polling Places for the County or Riding within which such Place or Places is or are situate, and that a Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies in such Petition mentioned may constitute a District for Polling at such Polling Place, (but so as not to divide any Barony or Half Barony,) or praying that any Polling District or Districts may be altered, and that any Barony or Half Barony may be detached from any such Polling District, and be

annexed

570

Cap. 68.

Elections (Ireland).

13 & 14 VICT.

annexed to any other Polling District, as the Case may be, to declare that any Place or Places mentioned in the said Petition shall be a Polling Place or Polling Places for that County or Riding, and that the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies in such Petition mentioned shall constitute a District for Polling at such Polling Place, and that the other Polling Districts of the said County or Riding shall be altered accordingly, or to declare that any Polling District or Districts shall be altered, and that any Barony or Half Barony shall be detached from any such Polling District, and be annexed to any other Polling District; and every such Declaration or Order for creating additional Polling Places, and the Polling Districts for the same, or for altering any Polling District or Districts, shall be certified under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Privy Council, and, when so certified, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, and shall be of the same Force and Effect as if the same had been made by the Authority of Parliament: Provided always, that no such Petition as aforesaid shall be made by such Justices so assembled unless a Notice in Writing shall have been delivered. One Month at the least before the holding of such Quarter Sessions, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Riding wherein the same are held, signed by Two Justices of the Peace for such County or Riding, and residing therein, or by Ten Inhabitants being registered Voters for such County or Riding, which Notice shall state that the Court will, when such Sessions are held, be moved to make such Petition, nor unless the Clerk of the Peace shall. Ten Days at the least before the holding of such Sessions, have caused a Copy of such Notice to be inserted Twice at the least in Two of the Newspapers of such County or Riding, if Two Newspapers are published therein, or if not, in a Newspaper published or commonly circulated therein, together with a Notice of the Day upon which and the Place at fthich such Quarter Sessions will be held: Provided also, that when such Motion is made, any Person objecting to the same shall be heard by such Court against the same, or any Part thereof, if he thinks fit

Repeal of

XXIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Fifteenth

l°8i.afteralia ^>ay March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and Act comes into fifty-one an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to limit the Time for taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities9 Counties of Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, shall be repealed, save so far as the same repeals any other Act or Acts.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Word " City" shall be deemed to mean a County of a City or a County and City; and the Word "Town" shall be deemed to mean a County of a Town; and the Word "Barony" shall be deemed to include "Half Barony" or " Division."

operation.

Interpretation of Terms.

185(X Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Schedules annexed to this Act shall be deemed Part of this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ANTRIM

(County).

Polling Placet. Baroniea.

Ballymoney - Lower Dunluce.

Upper Dunluce.

Cary.

Kilconway.

Ballymena - - Lower Toome.

Lower Glenarm.

Lower Antrim.

Upper Glenarm. Antrim - - Upper Belfast.

Lower Belfast.

Upper Antrim.

Upper Massereene. Lower Massereene. Upper Toome.

ARMAGH

(County).

- Oneilland, East. Oneilland, West. - - Armagh.

Tiranny.

Lower Fews.

- Upper Fews.

Upper Orior. Lower Orior.

CARLOW

(County).

- - Carlow.

- Rathvilly.

Forth.

Upper St. Mullins. Bagenalstowa - Lower St Mullins.

Idrone, East. Idrone, West.

Lurgan

Armagh

Newry

Carlow

Tullow

571

Schedules to be Part of Act. Act may be amended, &c.

57 *

Cap. 68.

13 & 14 VICT.

Polling Places.

Elections (Ireland).

CAVAN

(County).

Baronies.

Ballyconnell

Cavan

Bailieborough

Tullyhaw.

Lower Loughtee.

Upper Loughtee.

Clanmahon.

Tullyhunco.

Tullygarvey.

Clankee.

Castlerahan.

Ennistimon

Kilrush

Ennis

Tulla

Six Mile Bridge

CLAEE

(County).

- Burren. Corcomroe. Inchiquin.

- Moyarta. Clonderalaw.

- - Islands.

Upper Bunratty. Ibrickan.

- - Upper Tulla.

Lower Tulla.

- Lower Bunratty.

CORK

Kanturk (County). - Duhallow.

Fermoy - - Condons and Clangib-bon. Kinnatalloon.

Middleton - Barrymore. Imokilly.

Cork - -v Cork. Barretts.

Mallow - Fermoy. Orrery and Kilmore.

Kinsale - Kinalea. Kerrycurrihy. Kinsale.

Macroom - East Muskerry. West Muskerry.

Bandon - Ibane and Barryroe. East Carbery, East Division. East Carbery, West Division. Courceys. Kinalmeaky.

1850. Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68.

CORK — cont* (County).

Polling Places. Baronies.

Ban try - Bantry. Bear.

Skibbereen - West Carbery, Division. East

West Carbery, Division. West

Donegal

Letterkenny

Lifford

Buncrana

DONEGAL

(County).

- Tirhugh. Banagh. Boylagh.

- Kilmacrenan.

- Raphoe.

- - Iniehowen.

DOWN

(County).

Downpatrick

Newtownardfl

Hillsborough

Newry

- Lecale.

Dufferin.

Kinelarty.

- Ards.

Lower Castlereagh.

- Upper Castlereagh. Lower Iveagh.

- Upper Iveagh. Newry Lordship. Mourne.

DUBLIN

(County).

Kilmainham

Kingstown -Balbriggan

St. Sepulchre.

Donore.

Uppercross.

Castleknock.

Coolock.

Newcastle, East and West. Rathdown.

Dublin.

Balrothery, East. Balrothery, West. Nethercross.

574

Cftp., 68.,

Ehctionr, 13 & 14 'Vr^DTj

FE^A^.n,

Polling Places. ' 1 Baronies.

Enniskillen

- - , .l , /<» '

. " Clanawley.

Ltirg.

Magneraboy. Knockninny. Tirkennedy. Newtown Blitler ' «>" - Coole.

Magherastephana.

Clankelly.

*; I .:*!» - — ---- .

» GALWAY

<Cougly). -i'll /I

Clifden - Ballynahinch.

Galway - 1(, .* - Clare.

Dunkellin.

Aran.

Gort - - I /*/ KiltMttn.

Loughrea - - Loughrea.

* " 1 1 ' Leitrim. 1 '

* :- Longford. 1

Athenry.

Ballinaaloe - - Killian.

[1 1 Clonmacnoweui '

KilconnelL

Tuam - - Bally moe.

Dunmore.

Tiaquin.

Oughterard - - Ross.

Moycullen.

; M

Listowel

Tralee

Cahirsiveen -Kilkttney

.n./.

Kenmare

KERRY

(County),

i, t.

- Iraghticonnor. Clanmaurice.

- Tmghanacmy. Corkaguiny.

- Iveragh.

South Dunkerron.

- Magunihy. 1 1 "1, '

North Dunkerron,

- Glenarought.

1850.

Polling Places.

Maynooth -Naas

Athy

Kildare

Elections (Ireland). Cap. 68;

KILDARE

(County).

Baronies.

- Carbury.

Ikeathy and Oughterany. North Salt.

- - Naas, North.

Naas, South.

ConnelL

Clane.

South Salt.

- - West Narragh and Reban.

Kilkea and Moone.

East Narragh and Reban.

- - East Offaly.

West Offaly.

Kilcullen.

575

KILKENNY

(County). Castlecomer - Fassadinin.

Kilkenny - Shillelogher.

Thomastown Crannagh. Callan. - Knocktopher.

Pilltown Gowran. Kells. - Iverk.

Urlingford Ida. - Gahnoy.

KING'S COUNTY.

Parsonstown - - Garry castle.

Eglish.

Ballybritt.

Clonlisk.

Yullamore - - Geashill.

Ballycowan.

Kilcoursey.

Ballyboy.

Philipstown - - Upper Philipstown.

Lower Philipstown.

Warrenstown.

Coolestown.

Oo

Cap. 69. 1Elections (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Polling Places.

LEITRIM

(County).

Baronies.

Manor Hamilton C arrick-on-Shan non Ballinamore

Rosclogher.

Drumahaire.

Leitrim.

Mohill.

Carrigallen.

LIMERICK

(County).

Newcastle - Upper Connello. Lower Connello. Shanid. Glenquin.

Bruff - Kilmallock. Coshlea. Coshma. Small County.

Limerick - Kenry. Pubblebrien. Clanwilliam. Owneybeg. Coonagh.

LONDONDERRY

(County).

Londonderry

Coleraine

Magherafelt Newtown Limavady

North-west Liberties of Londonderry. Tirkeeran.

North-east Liberties of Coleraine. Coleraine.

Loughinsholin *

Keenagh

LONGFORD

(County).

Longford - Longford.

Ardagh.

Ballymahon - - Rathcline.

Shrule.

Moydow.

Granard - - Granard.

18*0. Ehctuiu (Inland). Qup>66) *77

LOUTH

(County).

Polling Places. Baronies.

Dundalk Ardee - - Upper Dundalk. Lower Dundalk. Louth. - Ardee. Fferrard.

MAYO (County).

Belmullet - Erris.

Ballina - - Tirawley.

Swinefoid - Gallen. Costello.

Castlebar - Carra. Burrishoole.

Ballinrobe - - Kilmaine. Clanmorris.

Westport - Murrisk.

MEATH.

(County).

Duleek Nay an

Kells

Trim

Dunslutughlin

MONAGHAN

(County).

Monaghan - - Cremome.

Though.

Monaghan.

Dartree.

Carrickmacross - - Farney.

Oo 2

- Upper Duleek. Lower Duleek.

- Lower Navan. Skreen.

Upper Slane. Lower Slane.

- Upper Kells. Lower Kells. Morgallion.

Fore.

- Lune.

Upper Moyfenrath. Lower Moyfenrath. Upper Navan.

- Upper Deece. Lower Deece. Dunboyne.

Batoath.

Awl#

QUEEN'S C0UIBi)JI7T

Polling PUom.

Mountmellick

nOf.irr^fffiU iri'ftj i aP»nnj^iTliU tj7/«kI

Abbeylei^-1"- u, l-l Borrifl-in-btfeHiV 1 ':{ *

L'fiudiJilo "i >*:«j i

Stradbally 1 }

/In.V))

- Tinnahinch

13414

Bironin.

., , .n jmiIIoI

Portnahindlu11 '

Maryborough, East Maryborough, West, >

- -CkrmaUagh.^lu:ffSIrf

Cullenagh. t -

- Upperwoods. f ^nrn^ Clandonagh.

- ' Slievemargy. 1J^o°

Stradbally.

tl/T(> 1 Sj^/Awms.

____iU^yJu.

\Jtnxr - - .yioowi J

nxm/^nuCI

.obi'i'fif-')') l*fif;

.mini I iif *

Cititi8tiafch!h7/ - Frenchpark.

* Yl *>* t 1 uk 1 Castk&eaghvloliotsW

* biuI)'»(bbiI/T Ballymoe.

RoscommoirOj1^ - - Ballintobei^tiffi

Anidirj^[J Roscommon.

Athlone -a- Athlone.

IIT/ .:*Moyc»w Boyle -v/jBallintober, North.

al-Ior M.l/I - Boyle.

---- r+wt4W4 -

i/tjnilluM

SLIGO

-JSloifcfiM bnii l^Ocmo

SligO Tfkw riji)"

Li fnJOVoI/i

BaHymote -I

* xii* 1 .*, !)

- Carbury. -Tirerrilk

Corran. Coolavin. Leyny.

- Tireragh.

jjx.oM

.il »'* . i* i

Easkyt jV/" cnuv, A"A

---.'(UV/h'tU -

TIPRERkRY *((Wlit#).

Nenagh - - Upper Ormond.

Cl H (lionet Ormond.

- i: i /1 j(I n wo.l *j!j o i'. J

Thurlea

M. 'I f'vr'n[i.mL*!''<

* i

Clonmel

YV n« L

Cashel

Tipperary — . s rm M -

C Owrtey and Arra

- Eliogarty.X*1^ rnfT3 Ikerrin.

Kilnamanagk Lower. Kilnamanaghj>:U^etf East Iffa and Offiu West Iffa and Offa. Middlethirdr wsVI Slievardagh.

Clan william. f Jivi)

o O

TYRQSfitfTJOO 8 zaaup

Minora (County).

Foiling

---- abairfiifinlT -

Strabane j^r, Ij; -nrf j- .

.j{Lj>:<) -IllJ)

Omagh

I

Baronies,

Y* -JoHfrmJnuoM Upper Dungannon.

Dower Dungannon. We8t(WL)IiI(, A Lower Strabane:

g?84 9P«%ni-m..a Upper Strabane.

Clogher. x[|l:.

Ixx" //t i; \

m _c .iK-i-n'-'i ii.!)

Clogher x, 1l; lirw..lM - .

, ^ffuifbr\ 1

Hlll$AWB*FOKD

(County)

Lismore

Dungaryan __________

_, , 'J-Miqrlotma - Secies ^JblWsO

Waterfora, [, >(; , n-[j. / > - - Gaultiere. '

Middlethird.

CMfflfiJ^otnilMI - - Qlenahuy., on((noo>(|rI

.uora.M v..; r Uppertbrdi

.onuirff A. — = ---- — - onoftfjA

tumjj, ____

- /Oft "d.Coehbri<le-

- -, Defies without Drum.

WESTMEATH

.iIHkK , 19(lot/tilWityV Mullingar -jjltjAl - Moygoish.

oi(oa

TUkIibO Moate JjrmiiT-.fumo') .niv/ilooO .vn*{JvI

.ilyinoiiT Castletown Delvin -

.biTomiO i xiifJ — "

.1 uiounWfiXiEORD

4\:\\k h«J, Emu8Corthyxh; jlJ(llW

Ilf >'>, l

il*mTuimili /I" j.fr<) bar j:ftl t-j-.M him lift 1 l- ///

New RflflQtaifllolUiitf -ilvalnnv >il^ Gorey nuAli vim:!)

<mm

* Moyashel and Maghera-

dernonr - MoycasheL

Fartullagh. otonrjlkfl Clonlonan.

Rathconrath.

Kilkenny, Wesft

---- Brawny.

n\$wvuT

Delvuv

Scarawalsh. P .[^HT Shelmaliere, East. Ballaghkeen. Shelmaliere, West. Forth.

Baigy.

Shelburne, im-i.O Bantry.

- Gorey. yuyia«jqiT

Oo 3

080

Cap. 68, 69.

2 & 3 W. 4. C. 88.

Provisions as Qualification.

Occupiers of Lands rated for the Poor Rate at a net annual Value of 12/. or upwards, and being registered under this Act, to be entitled to vote at Elections for Counties in Ireland.

JpUctioAs (Ireland). 13 & 14 YlOt,

WICKLOW

(County). Polling Placet* Baronies.

Baltinglass - Upper Talbotstown. Lower Talbotstown.

Tiuahely - Shillelagh.

Wicklow - - North Ballinaoor.

South Ballinacor.

Bray - Newcastle.

Rathdown.

Arklow - Arklow.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Names of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs to be divided into Polling Districts.

Belfast. Limerick.

Cork. Waterford.

Dublin.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, (and it is expedient to amend the Laws which regulate the c Qualification of some of the Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members to 6erve in Parliament for Ireland, and the Registration of all Persons so entitled to vote:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in addition to those now qualified by Law to register and vote at any Election of a Knight of the Shire in Ireland, in virtue of any Qualification not requiring Occupation, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall occupy, as Tenant or Owner, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within any County in Ireland, and shall be rated under the last Rate for the Time being under an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more

effectual

1850.

681

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69 *

effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, or any Act or PtoMohm m <* Acts amending the same, a* Occupier of such Lands, Tene- Q*aiyioatiM*. meats, or Hereditaments, at the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, shall, if duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained, be entitled to vote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County within which such Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments shall be situated; provided that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he shall have been such Occupier for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next before the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or ne&t before (in any succeeding Year) the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, and shall on or before the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and shall in any succeeding Year on or before the First Day of July in such Year, have paid all Poor Rates in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall have become payable from him in respect of each Premises previously to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and previously (in any succeeding Year) to the First Day of January in such Year.

II. And be it enacted, That in addition to those now Penonsentitled qualified by Law to register and vote at any Election of a to E#tatfa in. Knight of the Shire in Ireland in virtue of any Qualification not requiring Occupation, every Male Person of full Age, and the rated Value not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall be seised of or ^t01, ave entitled for his own Use to any Estate, legal or equitable, in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for his own Life, (such Tenant for Life not being a Lessee or Assignee of a Lessee or an Underleasee,) or of or to any Estate of Freehold for Lives renewable for ever, or Estate quasi in Tail of such Freehold, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be rated in the last Rate for the Time being under the said Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland at the net annual Value of Five Pounds or upwards, and shall be, to the Person bo seised or entitled, of the net annual Value of Five Pounds at the least above all Charges, save Taxes, Cesses, or Rates, payable out of the same, shall, if duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained, be entitled to vote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County in Ireland within which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be situate; provided that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he shall have been in the actual Possession of such Premises, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next before the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and

0 o 4 fifty

m

ftrvwitio a* to QmUftcaiw

After Completion of first general Register, no one to vote at a County Election on a Qualification requiring Occupation, unless qualified under this Act.

No Persons to have Votes for Counties in respect of Lands situate within the Boundaries of Cities and Boroughs.

Occupiers of > Lands or Pre- raises .mated for the Poor Rate at a net annual Value of 81. or upwards, and being registered under this Act, to be entitled to vote at Elections for Cities or Towns in Ireland.

.. I

Cap. 69) FarlibvtWnry Jkkrt^lrelakd)^ 13 & 14 Ylttri

fifty (as regards die Register Fot< the Year (tee thaiisaod eight hundred and fifty-one), or next before (in any suooe&ting Ydar) the Twentieth Day of July in such Year; hut no actual Ojcu-pation of such Premises shall be necessary in the Case of any Person so seised or entitled who shall for such Space of Six Calendar Months have been in such Receipt of such Rents and Profits for his own Use.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Time when

the first Register under this Act of Persons entitled to rote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to feerve in Parliament for any County in Ireland shall he in force, no Person, except as herein-before provided, shall be entitled to vote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for such County in respect of any Qualification which requires the Elector to be or to have been in the actual Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within stick County. t, I

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to vote at any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for any County in Ireland, in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within the Parliamentary Boundary of any City, Town, or Borough in Irddnd returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, add inreipect of which he would be entitled to vote at an Electioall for such City, Town, or borough, whether he shall or shall* i not/have actually acquired the Right! to vote for such City, Town, or Borough in respect thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That in addition to those now .qualified by Low to register and vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for dny City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, in virtue of any Qualification not ^requiring Occupation, every Male Person of full Age, and not subject to any legal Incapacity, who shall occupy* as Tenant or Owner, within any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, any Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, and shall be rated under the last Rate for the Time being under an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty* intituled An Act for the mare effectual Relief of the destitute P&or in Ireland, or any Act or Acts amending the same, as Occupier of such respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at a net annual Valut of Eight Pounds or upwards, shall, if duly registered according tot the Provisions herein-after contained, be entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for- the City, Town, or Borough within Which such respective Premises shall be situated; provided that no such Person shall be so registered in any Year unless he shall have been such Occupier for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next: before the Ninth Day of November One thousand! eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty*oiw(), or »next fciefoven(in any

succeeding

IMflfMAei FWtimknttry l^ten{Ireh^ Ca^fld}

sricoeediiftg Y-dar) fchfc {Twentieth Day of Jklym touch Year, and shall bn or before the: Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty (at regards the register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and shall (in any succeeding Year) on or before the -First Day of July in suen Year, hare paid all Poor'Botes in respect of such respective Premises winch shall have become payable from him in respect of such Premises previously to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-cme)7 and previously (in any succeeding Year)'to the First Day of January ra such Year.

VI. And be it enacted, That when any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid within any such City, Town, or Borough shall be jointly occupied, by more Persons than One at Tenant* or Owners thereof, and such Persont shall be rated in such Bate as last aforesaid jointly in respect of such Pre* mises, eachi of such Persons shall, subject to the Conditions herero-before provided as to a Person occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaipents in any touch City, Town, or Borough, be entitled to vote at; smy'Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City, Town, or Borough within which such Premises i are Situate, in case the net annual Value of auch Premiseto, as appearing oh tnch Bate when divided by the Number of Peihons ratted jointly in respect thereof, shall give a net annttalt Value of Eight Pounds or upwards for each of such Persons, but not otherwise .; i

VII. And be it enacted, Thai the Premises in iresjpect^ of the Occupation of which any Person shall be entitled to be registered in any Year, and to vbte in the Election foV any City, Town, or Borough as aforesaid, shall not bd required to be the same Premises, but may be different Premises occupied in immediate Succession by such Person during the Twelve Calendar Months riexfc-previous to the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Registefr foe the Year One. thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or text previous:(in iany succeeding Year) to the Twentieth Day o£\July in such Year, such Person having paid, on or before the, Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or -(in any succeeding Year) on or before the Firtot Day of July in such Year, all the Pbort Rateto Which shall, previously i to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Yean One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and previously (in dny succeeding Year) to: the First Day of January in eiich Year, have become payable from him in respect of all such Premises so/ occupied by him in succession *

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Time when the first Register under this Act of Persons entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members* to servo in Paiv mi)j liament

m

Fruition $ a* to Qmliykatic*.

Provision as to joint Occupiers in Cities or Towns.

Provision ss to Premises occupied in succession. 1 1

After Completion of the first general Register no one to *ote st an Elec-

684

turn for a City, Town, or Borough on a Qualification requiring Occupation, unless qualified under this Act.

Provisions as to Trust and Mortgage Estates in Counties and Boroughs.

Provisions of recited Act in respect of Registration, &c. to be repealed from the 8th Sept. 1850, save as here excepted.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT,

liament for any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland shall be in force, no Person, except as herein-before provided, shall be entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City, Town, or Borough, in respect of any Qualification which requires the Elector to be or to have been in the aotual Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Premises situate within such City, Town, or Borough, save and except any Forty Shilling Freeholder or Five Pound Inhabitant Householder who may be qualified under the said first-recited Act, if duly registered tinder the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And whereas it is enacted by the said Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, that no Person shall be allowed to have any Vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for or by reason of any Trust Estate or Mortgage, unless such Trustee or Mortgagee be in actual Receipt of the Rents

and Profits of the same Estate, but that the Cestuique

Trust or Mortgagor in possession shall and may register and f 44 vote for the same Estate, notwithstanding such Trust or f 44 MortgageAnd whereas Doubts have arisen as to the true Intent and Meaning of such last-mentioned Enactment Be it therefore declared and enacted, That no Mortgagee of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall vote in any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for or by reason of any Mortgage Estate therein, unless he be in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, but that the Mortgagor in actual Possession or in Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof shall and may vote for the same, notwithstanding such Mortgage ? and that no Trustee of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall in any Case have a Right to vote in any such Election for or by reason of any Trust Estate therein, but that the Cestuique Trust in actual Possession or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, though he may receive the same through the Hands of the Trustee, shall and may vote for the same, notwithstanding such Trust.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the Eighth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty so much of the said recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland as relates to the Registration of Voters for the several Counties, Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, having the Right to Bend a Member or .Members to serve in Parliament, and the Expenses of such Registration, and the Payment of Grand Jury and Municipal Cesses, Rates, and Taxes, previous to and as a Condition of Registration in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, and the making of Affidavits of Registry, and the giving of Certificates of Registry, and the Right of Appeal by any rejected Claimant, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save as to any Registration had under the Provisions of the said Act before the said Eighth Day of September, and save as to the University of Dublin, and save

as

185ft Y Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 6 9; 685

ns to the Ascertainment of the Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or ProvUUnu <u to Deputy of such Chairman, before whom the Sessions for the Registration of Voters for any such County, City, Town, or Borough is to be held, and save as to the yearly Remuneration provided by the said Act for any such Assistant Barrister and Chairman, and the Remuneration provided for the Deputy of such Chairman in the Case of the City of Dublin, and save so for as the said Provisions of the said Act repeal any former Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the Six- LaWS in force teenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one before the paw-all Persons who, under the Laws in force immediately before

the passing of this Act would have been entitled to vote at " ting and Re-any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament gistr&tion, to for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, shall have ^"ntiTtbe and be entitled to the same Right of voting at any such Elec- here6 tions as if this Act had not been passed; and that until the mentioned. Ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty every Person who, under the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act, would have been entitled to be registered under the sudd recited Act, shall and may be registered in the same Manner in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

XII. And be it enacted, That after the Fifteenth Day of No Person to March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred Mar^85|5th and fifty-one, no Person shall be entitled to vote in the Election u^ess register-of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, ed under this City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, (the University of Dublin Act *

only excepted,) unless such Person shall have been duly registered according to the Provisions of this Act; and that no Person shall after the said last-mentioned Day be admitted or entitled to vote at any such Election on the Evidence or by virtue of any Certificate or Affidavit of Registry whatsoever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be registered Length of Pos-under the Provisions of this Act in any Year as* a Voter in the session required Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire in Ireland in respect of his Estate or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or this Act for Hereditaments, as a Freeholder or Copyholder, unless he shall Counties, have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, for Six Calendar Months at least next previous to the Ninth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or next previous (in any succeeding Year) to the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, and that no Person shall be so registered in any Year in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held by him as Lessee or as Assignee of a Lessee, or as Occupier, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, as the Case may require, for Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the Ninth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-

one),

PhtoittoHi a* id QuaNJtcaHdn,

Certain Conditions required previous to Registration under this Act for Boroughs.

Oap/00? PMitfWk 13 & 14 Vbcfrl

one), ornext previous {hr any succeeding YCatr) to Day of July in such Year: Provided always, that where any Lands, Tenements, dr Hereditaments, which would otherwise entitle the Owner, Holder, or Occupier thereof to Vote in any such Election, shall come to any Person at any Time within Such respective Periods of Six or Twelve Calendar Months, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, Bequest, or Promotion to any Benefice or Office, such Person shall be entitled in respect thereof to have his Name inserted as a Voter in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire in the Lists then next to be made by virtue of this Act, as hereinafter mentioned, and, upon his being duly registered according to the Provisions herein-after contained, to vote in such Election.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be registered in any Year under this Act as a Voter in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Town, or Borough, in respect of being a Five Pound Inhabitant Householder in such City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, unless he shall have inhabited such House for a Period of Six Calendar Months next previous to the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred aid fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or next previous (in any succeeding Year) to the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, dor unless he shall, on or before the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty (aa regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and shall (in any succeeding Year) on or before the First Day of July in such Year, havi paid or discharged aH the Poor Rates, ' if any, which shill have ^become payable by him in respect of subh House previously to the Thirty-first Day of March On# thousand right hundred and fifty (at regard^ the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one)* and previously (in any succeeding Year) to the First* Day of January in such Year; and that no Person shall be so registered In any Year as a Voter in the Election of a Member or MeiUbers to serve in Parliament for any City, Town, or Borough, as a Freeman or Forty Shilling Freeholder, or by reason of any Corporate or other Right for the Enjoyment of which Residence is by Law required, unless he shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred nod fifty-one), or next previous (in any succeeding Year) to the Twentieth Day of July in such Year, within such City, Town; or Borough, or within Seven Statute Miles of the usual Place of Election therein, nor unless, in the Case of a Freeman or Person. entitled by such Corporate or other Right, he shall on the said kstanentioned respective Days of such respective Yeaitr be qualified in such Mahner as would have entitled hiik thril to be registered or to vote under the said Merited Act Second tad 'Thitd'Yeirtf1 of Hie kte Majesty' ^thfe lirt'ftMl' null not

18% Parliamentary.Vqtqr* (Ir*land)+\ Cap. 88) W7

not been passed; and that no Person shall be so registered in ProvUum a» my Year as a Voter in the Election of a Member or Members Q*°W*b to serve in Parliament for any such City, Town, or Borough, ad Lessee or as Assignee of a Lessee for any Term of Years, or as Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within such City, Town, or Borough, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Receipt of the Kents and Profits thereof for his own Use, as the Case may require, for a Period of Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the said last-mentioned respective Days of such respective Years; and that no Person shall be so registered in any x ear as a Voter in any such Election in right of any Freehold Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within such City, Town, or Borough, unless he shall have been in the actual Possession thereof, or in the Be- >

ceipt of the Rents and Profits thereof for his own Use, for Six Calendar Months next previous to the said last-mentioned respec- \ (

tive Days of such respective Years: Provided always, that when . , < i / .

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which would otherwise! 1

entitle tfye Owner, Holder, or Possessor thereof to vote in any such Election shall pome to my Person at any Time within such respective Periods of Six or Twelve Calendar Months, by Descent, Succession, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise/

Bequest, or Promotion to any Benefice or Office, such Person shall in respect thereof be entitled to be registered as a Voter in the Register then next to be made under this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That, for the Purpose of forming

a Register of all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a ________

Knight or Knights of the Shire! to serve in Parliament for the clerk of the several Counties in Ireland, the Clerk of the Peace for every Peace in Conn-

such County shall, on or before the Ninth Day of September in LUt^P^oM

the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, make outand now registered.

cause to be printed, according to the Form (Number 1.) in the

Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, alphabetical Lists of all Pen-

sons registered under the said recited Act within Eight Years

previous to the Sixteenth Day of March then next ensuing,

in respect of Property situate wholly or part in each Barony,

as Voters for such County, with the Dates and Particulars of

their respective Registries annexed, excluding nevertheless from

such Lists all Persons registered under the said Act in respect of any Qualification heretofore requiring the Elector to be or to

have been in the actual Occupation of the Premises: Provided always, that when the Property in respect whereof any Person

has been so registered shall be situate in more than One Barony

the Clerk of the Peace may, save as last aforesaid/ insert the

Name of the Person so registered in the Lists of such one of such Baronies as he shall think fit; and each such Clerk of the

Peace shall, on or before the First Day of June in every Year

after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fiftynone, make

out and cause: to be printed or provided according to the Form

(Number 14.) in the said Schedule, a sufficient Number of

Copies ef such Parts of the Register under, this Act of Voter *

then

County

Registration *

County

Registration *

Precepts and Lists to be printed, and Clerk of Peace to send his Precept to Clerks of Unions, together with Copies of Registers of Voters.

In the Year 1850 Clerks of Unions to make out and transmit to Clerks of Peace Returns of Persons rated as Occupiers of Lands of annual Value of 12L or upwards who have duly paid their Poor Rates.

Cap. 69#s Parliamentary Voters (Irelakct). 13 & 14 VICT.

then in force for stidh County as shall relate to each Barony of such County.

XVI. And be it enacted* That the Clerk of the Peace for every such County shall cause a sufficient Number of Forms of Precepts, Notices, and Lists to be printed as required, according to the respective Forms numbered 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 13, 15, in the said Schedule (A.) and of the Table (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, and shall also, on or before the Ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the First Day of June in each Year after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make and cause to be delivered to the Clerk of every Poor Law Union situate wholly or in part within his County* his Precept, according to the Form (numbered 2.) in the said Schedule (A.), and One or more of the Forms (Number 4.) in the said Schedule, and shall in every succeeding Year make out and cause to be delivered to every such Clerk of a Union his Precept, according to the Form (Number 3.) in the Schedule (A.), together with One or more Copies of such Parts of the List of registered Voters under the said recited Act, or of the Register under this Act, of Voters then in force for such County as shall relate to each Barony or Part of a Barony of such County situate in the Union of which he acts as Clerk of the Union, and also One or more of the Forms (Number 15.) in the said Schedule.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Poor Law Union wholly or in part within the Limits of any County in Ireland shall, on or before the Tenth Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, make out and transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of each County into which any Part of such Union extends a List or Return for each Barony or Division of a Barony of such County situate within such Union of every Male Person of full Age who shall be rated in the then last Rate made under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland as the Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in such Barony or Division of a Barony, and within such Union, of a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, excluding nevertheless from such Return every such Occupier who shall not, on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in such Year, have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously to the Thirty-first Day of March then last, and such Return shall be in the Form ' and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in the Form (Number 4.) in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and each such Clerk of a Union, after due Inquiry, which he is required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates for such respective Barony or Division of a Barony (and which Assistance such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give for such Purpose) ', shall and is hereby required to add by a Stamp or in Writing in the

Margin

1850* Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.' 589

Maigin of such Return the Word u objected to the Name of County any Person inserted in such Return, in case such Clerk of the Re9i*trntion-Union shall haye reasonable Cau Be to believe such Person not to be or to hare ceased to be Occupier as aforesaid of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which he shall have been so rated, or not to have been such Occupier during the whole Period from the Ninth Day of November in the then last preceding Year to the Time of making such Return; and such Clerk of the Union shall also in like Manner add the Word " objected " or " dead " before the Name of any Person in such Return, if such Clerk of the Union shall have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register of Voters then next to be made for such County, or is dead, as the Case may be; and such Return shall be signed by such respective Clerk of the Union, and shall be verified by him as true and correct, according to the best of his Belief, by an Oath to be made by him before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County within which such Lands are situate, or the County in which the Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and such J us-tice shall, under his Hand, certify at the Foot of such Return the taking of such Oath *

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of perk 6f Peace every County in Ireland shall, on or before the Ninth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, End of the List frame a Supplemental List of rated Occupiers for every Barony of registered of such County, herein-after referred to as " The Supplemental List," according to the Form (numbered 5.) in the said Sche- nex s'upple" dule (Al.) to this Act annexed, of every such Male Person of mental Li«t of full Age as shall appear on the Return or the Returns as aforesaid transmitted to him by the Clerk of the Union, or (in case clerk of Union, of a Barony being situate in more than One Union) by the not on former Clerks of such Unions, in such Year as the rated Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in each such Barony of tjollseM herein the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, except required, and to such Persons whose Names already appear on the List of Voters ^l!^ish , uch registered under the said recited Act for such Barony made out 11 as aforesaid in such Year by such Clerk of the Peace, and shall, at the End of such List of registered Voters, annex such Supplemental List of rated Occupiers for such Barony, together with the marginal Objections added by the Clerk of the Union to the Names of any Persons included in such Supplemental List; and such Clerk of the Peace shall also add, by a Stamp or in Writing, the Word " objected " or " dead " in the Margin of the List of registered Voters made out by him in such Year before the Name of any Person inserted therein, if such Clerk of (the Peace shall, after due Inquiry, (which he is hereby required to make by himself or a sufficient Deputy, and having regard also to and inserting any Objections entered to the Name of any such Person in the said Clerk of the Union's Return,)

have

County

Registration.

Clerks of Unions to enter on the Copy of Register of each Barony Objections to all Persons therein stated to be qualified as rated Occupiers of Lands of annual Value of 12/. or upwards, who have not duly paid their Pbor Rates, or are otherwise not entitled, and to return such Copy of Register to Clerk of Peace.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register next to be made, or is dead, as the Case may be; and the Clerk of the Peace in such Year shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such List of registered Voters, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, and also of "The Supplemental List " for such Barony, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, to be written or printed, and shall on or before the Twelfth Day of November sign and publish the same in such respective Barony, and shall likewise keep at some Police Station or other House within such respective Barony (giving due Notice of such Police Station or House at the Time last aforesaid) a Copy of such List of registered Voters and of such " Supplemental List," with all the marginal Additions as aforesaid, signed by him, to be perused by any Person, without Payment, of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sundays, during the first Fourteen Days after the same shall have been published, and shall deliver written or printed Copies of such List of registered Voters and Supplemental List, or either of them, signed by him, to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the said Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed*

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Poor Law Union wholly or in part within the Limits of any County in Ireland, on or before the Eighth Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, shall, after due Inquiry, which he is hereby required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates (which Assistance such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give), upon the Copy of the Register of each Barony or Division of a Barony of such County included within such Union transmitted to him in such Year by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, enter Objections to the Names of Persons not entitled to be on the Register then next to be made in manner following; that is to say, such Clerk of the Union shall add, by a Stamp or in Writing, in the Margin for such Purpose the Word "objected" or "dead" before the Name of any Person whose Qualification, as stated on such Copy of Register, is as rated Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, if such Person shall not have been rated in the then last Rate made under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland as the Occupier of the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such respective Barony, of a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, or if such Person shall not, on or before the First Day of July in such Year, have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the First Day of January in such Year, or if such Clerk of the Union shall have reasonable Cause to

believe

591

A86QT t f A S f FarlhwienUiry Voter* (Jrehfufy Gap* 69t

jbdfa?e, fufth Persqnf flof to b? or, to have ceased to be Occupies as aforesaid, or not to have bqen suph Occupier during the -whole Period ffom the Twentieth Day of July in the then last preceding. Year to the then present Time, or if such Clerk of the Union shall have reasonable Cause to believe such person not to be entitled to have his Jfame on the Register of Voters then next to be made for such County, or to be {lead, as the Case may be; and such Copies of Register shall be in the Farm and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in the Form (Number l^.) in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and such Copies of Register shall be signed by such respective Clerk of the Unipn, and shall be verified by him as true and Wrect, according to the best of his Belief, by an Oath to be ipade by him before seine Justice of the Peace in and for the $aidr County 'within which such Lands are situate, or the County in vrhiqh the Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any »uch Justice is^ hereby authorized and required to administer, and to certify ut the Foot of such Copies of Register the taking of soph Oath; apd such Clerk of the Union shall return such suph Copy of Register, with all such marginal Additions 9* aforesaid, tto the Clerk of the Peace of such respective Coppty whereip speh Barony or Division of a Barony is sitipte, on, or/before the; Eighth Day of July in such Year: Provided Otways, that in case any Barony of a County shall be (hvidpd'BP, as to lie in rapjre than One Union, the Clerk of the Peape for such County shall transmit as aforesaid One or more Copies of Register for such Barony to the Clerk of each such Uniop, together with* a List of t, he Townlands situate in the respective Division of such Barony situate in such Union, who shall deal with such Copy of Register, and the Names of the Persons contained therein, so far as it relates to the Division of such Rarony within liia Uniop, in all respects as in this Provision is directed or required in the Case of a Barony not so divided.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Poor Law Union wholly or in part within the Limits of any County in Ireland shall, on or before the Eighth Day of July in every Year/ after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-pne, make out, and, together with such Copy of Register for each such Barony, or Division of a Barony of the County within his Union, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the Coqpty as aforesaid a Supplemental List of every Male Person of full Age not already appearing on such Copy of Register whp, 9hall.be> rated in the then last Rate made under the Acts fpj; the more pffectml Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland a« the i Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate .vithip, such.Union, and in speh respective Barony or Division of a Raroi\y, os the Case may bp, of a net annual Yaluq of , XweJyq pounds qv upwards, excluding nevertheless fmm, '8gch, guppleipeptal Lisf every speh Occupier who shall apt 0ifcps Ahe* FirsJj Day of y iujsuch XWhave paid

38. Price 2d, \ P p all

Cj*nty

Registration,

In every Year after 185 *

Clerics of Unions also to transmit to Clerk of Peace Supplemental Lists of Persons rated as Occupiers of Lands of annual Value of J *2/. or upwards who have paid their Poor Hates, and are not already on the Register for the Barony.

County

MegittraHon.

Clerk of Peace on Copy of Register of each Barony returned by Clerk of Union to enter Objections to Persons not entitled as herein required, and to publish such Copy of Register.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payaWe by him in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the First Day of January then last; and such Clerk of the Union is hereby required, after due Inquiry as aforesaid, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates as aforesaid, (which Assistance such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give,) to enter Objections before the Names of Persons in such Supplemental List contained, and not entitled to be on the Register next to be made, in like Manner in all respects and in ftie like Cases as in the immediately preceding Pnmsion directed and required with regard to the Copy of Register of such Barony or Division of a Barony and the Names therein contained, and such Supplemental List shall be in the Form and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in the Form (Number 15.) in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and such List shall be signed by such respective Clerk of the Union and shall be verified by him as true and correct, according to the best of his Belief, by an Oath to be made by him before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said Uounty within which such Lands are situate, or the County in which his respective Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer, and to certify at the Foot of such List the taking of such Oath.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of

every County in Ireland shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, after making due Inquiry (which he is hereby required to make by himself or a sufficient Deputy), upon the Copy of the Register for each Barony or Division of a Barony aforesaid returned to him by the respective Clerk of the Union, enter Objections before the Names of Persons therein contained, and not entitled to be on the Register next to be made, in manner following; that is to say, he shall add, by a Stamp or in Writing, in the Margin for such Purpose, the Word " objected " or "dead" before the Name of any Person in such Copy of Register, whose Qualification as stated therein is other than as rated Occupier, if such Clerk of the Peace, after such due Inquiry as aforesaid, have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register next to be made, or is dead, as the Case may be; and in the Case of a Barony being divided so as to be situate in several Unions as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace shall make out one complete Copy of Register for such Barony, by selecting the Copy of Register so returned to him for One such Division of such Barony, and truly and carefully transferring to such Copy of Register all the Objections entered in the other Copy or Copies of such Register to any Person or Persons in the other Division or Divisions of such Barony by the Clerk of the Union or Clerks of the Unions comprising such other Division or Divisions of such Barony; and the

Clerk

1850.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

Cap. 69.

593

County

Registration.

Clerk of the Peace shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Copy of the Register for each Barony, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, and also of "The Supplemental List" for such Barony, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, to be written, printed, or provided, and shall, on or before the Twenty-second Day of July, sign and publish the Bame in the Barony to which the same shall relate, and shall likewise keep at some Police Station or other House within such respective Barony (giving due Notice of such Police Station or House at the Time last aforesaid) a Copy of such Copy of the Register, and of such " Supplemental List," with all the marginal Additions as aforesaid, signed by him, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sundays, during the first Fourteen Days after the same shall have been published, and shall deliver written or printed Copies of diem, or either of them, signed by him, to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the said Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed,

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of Clerkt of Peace every County in Ireland shall, on or before the Twelfth Day oi ^?, Notice November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, ^ringyv^n

C1 "jh a Notice in each Barony according to the Form (num- to claim.

6.) in the said Schedule (A.), having first signed the same, requiring all Persons entitled by virtue of any Registration under the stud recited Act or otherwise to be inserted in the Register and vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in respect of any Property situated wholly or in part within each Barony, who shall not be upon the said List for such Barony of Voters registered under the said recited Act, and shall not be on the Supplemental List for such Barony, and also all Persons entitled to vote as aforesaid, who, having been registered under the said Act, shall not retain the same Qualification or continue in the same Place of Abode as described in such List of registered Voters, and who respectively are desirous to have their Names inserted in the Register about to be made under this Act, (except Persons registered under the said recited Act in respect of any Qualification heretofore requiring the Elector to be or to have been in the actual Occupation of the Premises,) to deliver or send to him at his Office, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of No* vember in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, a Notice in Writing, by them signed, of their Claim to vote as aforesaid; and every such Person, or any Person who, being upon such List of registered Voters as aforesaid, may be desirous to make a new Claim, shall on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of November deliver or send to the said Clerk of the Peace a Notice, signed by him, of his Claim, according to the Form of Notice set forth in that Behalf in the Form (num-

County R'.gixtrtdion.

Clerks of Pence to prepare Lists of Claimants, make Objections, &c.

Copies of Lists to be kept for Inspection, without Fee, for 14 Days, and may be sold.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

bered 7.) in the said Schedule (A.\ or to the like Effect; and the Clerk of the Peace of every County shall on or before the Twenty-second Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one publish in each Barony a Notice according to the Form (numbered 8.) in the said Schedule (A.), having first signed the same, requiring all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part in each Barony, who shall not be upon the Register for such Barony of Voters then in force, and shall not be on the Supplemental List for such Barony, and all Persons so entitled to vote as aforesaid, who, being upon such Register, shall not retain the same Qualification or continue in the same Place of Abode as described in such Register, and who are desirous to have their Names inserted in the Register about to be made, to give or send to the said Clerk of the Peace at his Office, on or before the Fourth Day of August then next ensuing, a Notice in Writing, by them signed, of their Claim to vote as aforesaid; and every such Person, and any Person who, being upon such Register, may be desirous to make a new Claim, shall on or before the said Fourth Day of August deliver or send to the said Clerk of the Peace at his Office a Notice, signed by him, of his Claim, according to the Form of Notice set forth in that Behalf in the Form (numbered 9.) in the said Schedule (A.), or to the like Effect.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County in Ireland shall on or before the Thirtieth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Ninth Day of August in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make out, according to the Form (numbered 10.) in the said Schedule (A.), an alphabetical List for each Barony of all Persons who on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or on or before the Fourth Day of August then next preceding in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, shall have claimed as aforesaid for such Barony; and in every such List the Christian Name and Surname of every Claimant, with the Place of his Abode, t Be Nature of his Qualifications, and the local or other Description of the Property, and the Name of the occupying Tenant thereof (if any), shall be written as the same are stated in the Claim; and the said Clerk of the Peace, if he shall have reasonable Cause to believe that any Person whose Name shall appear in such List of Claimants is not entitled to have his Name upon the Register for such Barony then next to be made, shall add, by a Stamp or in Writing, the Word "objected" before the Name of every such Person on the Margin of such List of Claimants; and the Clerk of the Peace shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such List of Claimants in each Barony, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, to be written or printed, and shall on or before the Second Day of December

in

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* Cap. 69. 595

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or on or County before the Eleventh Day of August in each Year after One Restoration. thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, sign and publish the same in such Barony to which the same relates, and shall likewise keep at some Police Station or other House within such respective Barony (giving due Notice of such Police Station or House at the respective Times last aforesaid) a Copy of such List of Claimants, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, signed by him, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after the same shall have been published, and shall deliver written or printed Copies thereof, signed by him, to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Kate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the said Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in the Year One thousand Llstofrcgis-

eight hundred and fifty, and for the Purposes of the Register tered Voters, for One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the List as afore- ii^erTor0 said of Voters registered under the said recited Act, and in each Barony, every succeeding Year the Copy of the Register for the Time wit^ the Lirtof being, together, in such respective Year, with the Supplemental j *

List and such List of Claimants (if any) as aforesaid for every List of Voters Barony, with the marginal Additions respectively as aforesaid, for such Barony, shall be deemed to be the List of Voters of such Barony for the County within which such Barony may be situate, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Claimants and Person whose Name shall be on any List of Voters for the Time registered being for any County in Ireland, upon Request made by him, ^red'to in-at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the spect Rate Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, Books»an<110 except Sunday, between the Twelfth Day of November and the Thirteenth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and between the Twenty-seventh Day of July and the Twenty-first Day of August in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to any Clerk of the Union or other Officer having the Custody of any Poor Rate Book, to inspect such Poor Rate Book, and make Extracts therefrom, for any Purpose relating to any Claim or Objection made or intended to be made by or against such Person; and every such Clerk of the Union or other Officer as aforesaid is hereby required, upon such Request as aforesaid, to permit such Inspection and the making of such Extracts, without Payment of any Fee.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in the Year One thousand Registered eight hundred and fifty every Person who shall have been regis- ^ered to ob-tered as a Voter for any County in Ireland under the Provisions ject to Per&oni of the said recited Act within Eight Years next previous to registered or the Sixteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight cUim, n£ *

County

Registration.

Notice of Objection.

Clerk of the Peace to make out a List of Persons objected to, which shall be open to Inspection, and shall be published.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vi

hundred and fifty-one, and in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, every Person who shall be upon the Register of Voters for the Time being for any such County may object to any other Person upon any List of Voters or List of Claimants for such County as not having been entitled on the Ninth Day of November next preceding (as regards the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty), and on the Twentieth Day of July then next preceding (as regards each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), to have his Name inserted in any List of Voters or Claimants for such County; and every Person so objecting (save and except Clerks of the Peace and Clerks of the Union objecting in the Manner herein-before mentioned) shall on or before the Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twentieth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, give or cause to be given to the Clerk of the Peace of the County a Notice, according to the Form (numbered 11.) in the said Schedule (A.), or to the like Effect; and the Person so objecting shall on or before the said Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twentieth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, give or cause to be given to the Person so objected to, or leave or cause to be left at his Place of Abode as described in such List, a Notice according to the Form (numbered 12.) in the said Schedule (A.), or to the like Effect; and every such Notice of Objection shall be signed by the Party so objecting as aforesaid; and whenever the Place of Abode of the Person objected to as described in the said List shall not be in the Barony to which such List may relate, and the Name of the occupying Tenant of the whole or any Part of the qualifying Property, together with his Place of Abode, shall appear in such List, the Person so objecting shall also, on or before the same Day, give to or leave, or cause to be given or left, at the Place of Abode of any such occupying Tenant, a duplicate Notice, signed as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall in every Year include the Names of all Persons against whom Notice of Objection shall have been given to him as aforesaid in that Year in a List for each Barony, according to the Form (numbered 13.) in the said Schedule (AA and shall publish such List in such Barony on or before the Fourteenth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twenty-seoond Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and shall also keep at some Police Station or other House in such respective Barony (giving due Notice of such Police Station or House at the respective Times last aforesaid) a Copy of such List, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any

185a

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

Cap. 69,

Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after such List shall have been so published, and shall deliver a Copy of such List to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed: Provided also, that the Clerk of the Peace shall in due Time for the Purposes aforesaid in each Year cause to be printed or provided a sufficient Number of Notices of Claim according to the Forms (No. 7. and 9.), and of the Notices of Objection according to the Forms (No. 11. and 12.) in the said Schedule (A.) or to the like Effect, and shall give a Copy thereof, without Cost or Charge, to any Person applying for the same in order to make a Claim or Objection.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of forming a Register of all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the several Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every such City, Town, or Borough entitled to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall, on or before the Ninth Day of September* in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, make out according to the Form (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, an alphabetical List of all Persons, if any, registered within Eight Years previous to the Sixteenth Day of March then next ensuing, as Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, under the said recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses situate within such City, Town, or Borough, with the Dates and Particulars of their respective Registries annexed, and another alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 2.) in the said Schedule (R.), of all other Persons (except Persons on the Freemen's Boll, and except all Persons registered under the said recited Act in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, or in respect of any Qualification, save that of Forty Shilling Freeholders, requiring the Elector to be or to have been in actual Occupation,) registered under the said Act, within the Period aforesaid, by virtue of any other Right whatsoever, as Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, with the Dates and Particulars of their respective Registries annexed, and a third alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 3.) in the said Schedule (B.) of all Persons on the Freemen's Roll registered under the said Act within the Period aforesaid as Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, with the Dates and Particulars of their respective Registries annexed; and each such Clerk of the Peace shall, on or before the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and each of the next succeeding Five Years, make out, according to the like Forms, separate alphabetical Lists of all Persons, except as aforesaid, registered under the said recited Act within Eight Years previous to the First Day of December then next ensuing, who shall then appear on the Register of

697

Comtiy

Registration.

Borough

Registration.

Clerk of the Peace acting for Boroughs to prepare Lists of Persons now registered, except as herein mentioned.

598

Borough

Registration,

Precept, Forms, nnd printed Lists to be delivered by the Clerk of the Peace to Town Clerk.

Town Clerks of Boroughs, &c. to publish previous to Registration Notice requiring Payment of Poor Rate.

Town Clerks empowered to inspect Rate Books, and ot-

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, with the Dates and Particulars of their respective Registries annexed, each in the proper List, according to the Nature of his Franchise.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every such City, Town, or Borough shall cause a sufficient Number of Forms of Notices and Lists to be printed, according to the respective Forms (numbered 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17, and 18) in the said Schedule (B.) and of the Table (numbered 1.) in the said Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, and shall also, on or before the Ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and every succeeding Year, make and cause to be delivered to the Town Clerk of every such City, Town, or Borough his Precept in Writing, according to the Form (numbered 4.) in the said Schedule (B.), and also a sufficient Number of the said printed Forms of Notices and Lists and of the said Table, and shall also in the Years One thousand eight hundred and fifty and One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and each of the next succeeding Five Years, deliver together therewith to the Town Clerk of every such City, Town, or Borough the said alphabetical Lists directed to be made out by him as aforesaid, and also in every Year after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one a sufficient Number of Copies of the Register under this Act of Voters then in force for such City, Town, or Borough.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk of every such City, Town, or Borough shall on or before the Thirteenth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Fifth Day of June in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, publish a Notice in Writing, according to the Form (numbered 5.) in the said Schedule (B.), stating that no Person will be entitled to have his Name inserted in any List of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough then next to be made in respect of the Inhabitancy of a House, or in respect of the Occupation of Premises rated under the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, as of a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, situate within such City, Town, or Borough, unless he shall pay, on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the First Day of July then next ensuing in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, all the Poor's Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and previously, in any succeeding Year, to the First Day of January in such Year.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk of every such City, Town, or Borough, for his Assistance in making out the List of Voters as herein-after mentioned, (upon Request

made

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cup. 69. 599

made by him at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the tain L!st of De-Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon faulters* of any Day, except Sunday, between the Fifth Day of November and the Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and between the Sixteenth Day of June and the Twentieth Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to any Collector of Poor Rates, or to any other Officer having the Custody of any such Rate or Rate Book,) shall have free Liberty to inspect the same, and to extract such Particulars as may appear to such Town Clerk to be necessary $ and every Collector of Poor Rates of Poor Rate Col-Premises within such City, Town, or Borough, or Officer having lec^r to <k, ivfr the Custody of the Rate Books relating to the same, shall (if ListofDe required by the Town Clerk) within Four Days after the Thir- faulters, if re* tieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred <lulre<1-and fifty, or the First Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make out and deliver to the said Town Clerk a List containing the Name and Place of Abode of every Person who shall not have paid on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the said First Day of July in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, all such Rates within the Collection of such Collector as aforesaid which shall have become payable by him (if any) in respect of the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such City, Town, or Borough, describing such Premises, previously to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and previously, in any succeeding Year, to the First Day of January in such Year; and the Town Clerk shall keep the said Listi to be perused by Town Clerk to any Person without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between keeP Li»*>to the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of tio^wUhout^" the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during Fee. the first Fourteen Days after the List of Voters shall have been published as herein-after mentioned.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Poor Clerks of Law Union comprising the whole or any Part of any City, Unions to Town, or Borough in Ireland returning a Member or Members TowTcierk to serve in Parliament shall, on or before the Tenth Day of Lists of Persons October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and rated " Uccu-on or before the Eighth Day of July in every Year after One ^of thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make out and transmit to an annual the Town Clerk of each such City, Town, or Borough a List of Value of st or every Male Person of full Age who shall be rated in the then upwar last Rate made under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland as the Occupier of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within such City, Town, or Borough, of a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, and of every such Person as last aforesaid who shall be rated in the then last Rate made under the said Acts jointly with any other

Borough

Registration,

Town Clerk to, make out annually Lists of Persons entitled to tote.

Persons now registered to be

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

other Person or Persons as the Occupier of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situated as aforesaid, of a net annual Value of such an Amount as when divided by the Number of Occupiers would give to each such Occupier a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or udwards, excluding nevertheless from such List every such Occupier and every such joint Occupier who shall not in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty on or before the Thirtieth Day of September, and in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one shall not on or before the First Day of July in such Year, have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously (in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty) to the Thirty-first Day of March in such Year, and previously (in any Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one) to the First Day of January then last; and such Lists shall be in the Form and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in Form (No. 6.) in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and such Lists shall be signed by such respective Clerk of the Union, and shall be verified by him as true and correct according to the best of his Belief, by an Oath or Declaration to be taken or made by him before some Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said City, Town, or Borough, or the County in which the Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath or Declaration any such Justice is hereby authorized and required to take.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Town Clerk of every such City, Town, or Borough shall, on or before the Ninth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twentieth Day of July in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make out or cause to be made out alphabetical Lists of all Persons who shall be entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City, Town, or Borough; that is to say, first, an alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 7.) in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, of every such Male Person of full Age as shall appear on the List transmitted to him by the Clerk of the Union in such respective Year as the rated Occupier, or One of several such rated joint Occupiers, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within such City, Town, or Borough, of the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, and (in the Case of joint Occupiers) of the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards for each of Such joint Occupiers as aforesaid, and also of all Persons (if any) who shall be then entitled to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for such City, Town, or Borough in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses; and another alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 8.) in the said Schedule (B.), of all other Persons (except Persons on the Freemen's Boll) who shall be entitled to vote in the Election of such City, Town, or Borough by virtue of any other Bight whatsoever; and a third alphabetical

List,

1850.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland) *

Cap. 69#

601

List, according to the Form (numbered 9.) in the Schedule P1.806^011 iUch (B.), of all Persons on the Freemen's Roll who shall be entitled to vote in the Election of such City, Town, or Borough, and shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and in each of the next succeeding Five Yeare, insert in such Lists respectively all Persons on the several alphabetical Lists delivered to such Town Clerk by the Clerk of the Peace as afore provided, with the Dates of their respective Registries under the said recited Act annexed, each in the proper List according to the Nature of his Franchise (except all Persons registered under the said recited Act in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the dear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds situate within such City, Town, or Borough): Provided always, that such Town Clerk shall omit from the first-mentioned List all such Persons as shall not have paid on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or on or before the First Day of July in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, all Poor Rates payable by them severally, if any, in respect of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, previously to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and previously (in any succeeding Year) to the First Day of January in such Year, and shall in like Manner omit from the Two last-mentioned Lists all such Forty Shilling Freeholders, Freemen, and others entitled to vote by any Right to the Enjoyment of which Residence is by Law required, as shall not have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the Ninth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or next previous (in any succeeding Year) to the Twentieth Day of July in such respective Year, within the said City, Town, or Borough, or within Seven Statute Miles of the usual Place of Election therein, and shall add, by a Stamp or in Writing, the Word " objected " to the Name of any Person inserted in such first-mentioned List in case such Town Clerk shall have reasonable Cause to believe such Person not to be or to have ceased to be Occupier or joint Occupier as aforesaid of the Premises in respect of which he shall have been rated, or not to have been such Occupier or joint Occupier for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the said last-mentioned respective Days in such respective Years; and such Town Clerk shall in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one in like Manner add the Word " objected " to the Name of every Person whose Qualification appearing on such Copy of Register shall be the Occupation or joint Occupation of Premises of the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, or (in the Case of joint Occupiers) of the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards for each of such joint Occupiers, and who shall not

appear

Borough

Registration,

Lists when signed to be published and sold.

Persons omitted from Lifts of Voters may claim, and Lists of Claimants to be made and published, and sold.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

appear in the List transmitted to him by the Clerk of such Union in such Year; and such Town Clerk in every Year shall also in like Manner add the Word " objected" or "dead" before the Name of any Person contained in such List of Voters or Copy of Register delivered by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, if such Town Clerk have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register then next to be made, or is dead, as the Case may be; and in each of the said Lists the Christian Name and Surname of every such Person shall be written at full Length, together with the Place of his Abode and the Nature of his Qualification, and where any Person shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then the Name of the Street, Lane, and the Number of the House (if any), or other Description of the Place, where such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments may be situate, shall be specified in the List; and the said Town Clerk shall sign such List, and shall forthwith cause a sufficient Number of Copies of the said Lists, with all such marginal Additions, to be written or printed, and shall publish Copies of the said Lists on or before the Twelfth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twenty-second Day of July in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and shall likewise keep a Copy of each of the said Lists, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after such Lists shall have been so published, and shall deliver Copies thereof to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person whose Name shall have been omitted in any such List of Voters for any such City, Town, or Borough so to be made out as aforesaid and who shall claim as having been entitled on the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July then next preceding (as regards every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), by virtue of any Registration under the herein-before first-recited Act or otherwise, to have his Name inserted therein, (except Persons claiming by virtue of any such Registration in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds,) and every Person desirous of being registered for a different Qualification than that for which his Name appears in the said List, shall on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Fourth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-One, give or cause to be given to the Town Clerk of

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 603

such City, Town, or Borough a Notice according to the Form Borough (numbered 10.) in the said Schedule (B.), or to the like Effect, and the Town Clerk shall include the Names of all Persons so claiming as aforesaid in Lists according to the Forms (numbered 11, 12, and 13) respectively in the said Schedule (B.); and in every such List the Christian Name and Surname of every Claimant, with the Place of his Abode, the Nature of his Qualifications, and the local or other Description of the Property, shall be inserted as the same arc stated in the Claim; and the said Town Clerk, if he shall have reasonable Cause to believe that any Person whose Name shall appear in such List of Claimants is not entitled to have his Name upon the Register then next to be made, shall add as aforesaid the Word " objected " before the Name of every such Person on the Margin of such List of Claimants; and the Town Clerk shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Lists of Claimants, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid, to be written or printed, and shall on or before the Second Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Eleventh Day of August in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, sign and publish the same, and shall likewise keep Copies of such Lists of Claimants, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, signed by him, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after the same shall have been published, and shall deliver written or printed Copies thereof, signed by him, to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Kate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the said Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Registered Person whose Name shall be on any List of Voters for the Time being for any such City, Town, or Borough, or for any Person insp^Vate*7 who shall have claimed to have his Name inserted in any such Books.

List, upon Request made by any such Person, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and between the Twenty-seventh Day of July and the Twentieth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to any Collector of Poor Rate or other Officer having the Custody of any such Rate or Rate Book, to inspect the same, and make Extracts therefrom, for any Purpose relating to any Claim or Objection made or intended to be made by or against such Person; and every such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid is hereby required, upon such Request as aforesaid, to permit such Inspection and the making such Extracts, without Payment of any Fee.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person whose Who may ob-Name shall have been inserted in any List of Voters for any

Borough

Registration,

Notice of Objection shall be given.

Lists of Persons objected to shall be made and published, and sold.

Town Clerk shall deliver Copies of Lists to the Clerk of the Peace.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

such City, Town, oi* Borough may object to any other Person as not having been entitled on the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July next preceding (as regards each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), to have his Name inserted in any List of Voters or List of Claimants for the same City, Town, or Borough; and every Person so objecting (save and except Town Clerks objecting in the Manner herein-before mentioned) shall on or before the Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twentieth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, give or cause to be given a Notice according to the Form (numbered 14.) in the said Schedule (B.), or to the like Effect, to the Town Clerk of such City, Town, or Borough; and every Person so objecting shall also on or before the said Twelfth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twentieth Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, give or cause to be left at the Place of Abode of the Person objected to, as stated in the said List, a Notice according to the Form (numbered 15.) in the said Schedule (B.); and every Notice of Objection shall be signed by the Person objecting.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Town Clerk shall include the Names of all Persons so objected to in Lists according to the Forms (numbered 16, 17, and 18) in the said Schedule (B.), and shall sign the said Lists, and cause Copies thereof to be written or printed, and shall publish the said Lists of Persons objected to as aforesaid on or before the Fourteenth Day'of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twenty-second Day of August in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and shall keep Copies of the said Lists, and shall allow the same, and also the Notices of Objection which they shall have received, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after such Lists shall

-have been so published, and shall deliver Copies of each of such Lists to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Town Clerk shall, on or before the Seventeenth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of August in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, deliver to the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for such City, Town, or Borough Copies of the said Lists of Voters, made out by him as aforesaid, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, and a Copy of the said List of Persona who shall have claimed as aforesaid,

and

605

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

and a Copy of the said Lists of Persons objected to as aforesaid! respectively signed by him, together (in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty) with the said List of Voters registered under the said recited Act, and together (in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one) with the Copy of the Register as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Notice, List, Register, or other Document herein required to be published shall be so published by being fixed in some public and conspicuous Situation, in the Case of Publication by the Clerk of the Peace, on the outer Wall near the Door of each Police Station, and on the usual Places for posting Notices or Applications for Grand Jury Presentments in the respective Barony, and in the Case of Publication by a Town Clerk, on the outer Door or outer Wall near the Door of the Town Hall, or if there be no Town Hall then in some public and conspicuous Situation within the respective City, Town, or Borough theretofore used for posting public Notices.

XL. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Notice, List, Copy of Register, or other Document shall, pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, be affixed on any such Place as aforesaid, the same shall continue so fixed for a Period including Two consecutive Sundays at the least next after the Day on or before which the same is herein-before required to be published; and in case the same shall be destroyed, mutilated, effaced, or removed before the Expiration of such Period, the Party herein-before required to publish the same as aforesaid shall, as soon as conveniently may be, publish in like Manner in its Place another Notice, List, Copy of Register, or other Document to the like Purport and Effect with the Notice, List, Copy of Register, Paper, or other Document so destroyed, mutilated, effaced, or removed.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy, mutilate, efface, or remove any Notice, List, Copy of Register, or other Document so affixed as aforesaid, during the Period during which the same is herein-before required to remain so affixed, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings to any Person who will sue for the same, to be recovered in a summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace.

XLII. And be it enacted, That no List shall be invalidated by reason that it shall not have been affixed in every Place and for the full Time herein-before required for Publication thereof, but that every such List which shall have been affixed in any Place and for any Part of the Time herein-before mentioned in that Behalf shall be revised and adjudicated upon as hereinafter directed: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Person charged with the Duty of publishing such List as aforesaid from the Penalties of his Neglect or wilful Default.

Borough

Registration,

General Provisions as to Registration.

Mode of Publication.

Term of Publication.

Penalty for

hindering

Publication.

Lists not to be invalidated by imperfect Publication.

General Provisions as to Registration.

If no List made out former List to be in force.

Abstracts of Lists to be transmitted to Assistant Barristers empowered to revise them.

Remuneration to Barristers.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in case no List of.Voters shall have been made out for any Barony, City, Town, or Borough in any Year, or in case such Lists shall not have been affixed in any Place herein-before mentioned in that Behalf, the List of the registered Voters for the County in which such Barony is situate, or for the City, Town, or Borough, made out by the Clerk of the Peace on or before the First Day of February in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, as required by the said first-recited Act, shall in the said Year, so far as respects such Barony, City, Town, or Borough, and in any Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Register of Voters for that Barony, City, Town, or Borough then in force, shall be taken to be the List of Voters for that Barony, City, Town, or Borough for the Year then next ensuing; and the Provisions herein contained respecting any such List of Voters shall be taken to apply to such List of registered Voters or Register as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every such County shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, as soon as possible after the Seventeenth Day of December, and in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, as soon as possible after the Twenty-fifth Day of August, transmit to the Assistant Barrister of such County or any Riding thereof, or to the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace in the Case of the County of Dublin, an Abstract of the Lists of Claimants and of the Lists of Persons objected to by such Clerk of the Peace, and by the Clerk or Clerks of the Union or Unions, and by other Persons in each Barony in and for the same County; and the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every such City, Town, or Borough shall, as soon as possible after the Seventeenth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and as soon as possible after the Twenty-fifth Day of August in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, transmit an Abstract of the said several Lists of Claimants, and the Lists of Persons objected to by the Town Clerk, and by the Clerk or Clerks of the Union or Unions, and by others, in the same City, Town, or Borough, to the Assistant Barrister, Chairman, or his Deputy having Jurisdiction under the said first-recited Act for the Registry of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough, in order that proper Times and Places for holding Courts for the Revision of such Lists respectively may be appointed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every such Assistant Barrister or Chairman presiding at any such Court of Revision unde): this Act in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, whether the same be held during the General or Quarter Sessions or not, shall be paid at the Rate of Five Guineas for every Day that he shall be employed in such Revision; and every such Barrister or Chairman, after the Termination of his last Session for such Purpose, shall lay or cause to be laid before the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor

or

1850.

Parliamenta\

Voters (Ireland) *

Cap. 69.

607

or Governors of Ireland a Statement of the Number of Days General

during which he shall have been so employed, and such Lord Provieum *

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall, if he jRe^ttratum or they think fit, cause the said Statement to be examined by -

some competent Authority, and shall certify the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, who shall thereupon direct Payment of the Sum due to such Barrister or Chairman out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Deputy of the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace of the County of Dublin having Jurisdiction under the said first-recited Act for the Registry of Voters for the City of Dublin shall receive, in respect of the Revision of Voters for the said City under this Act, such Remuneration from Time to Time and in such Manner as by the said recited Act is provided for such Deputy in respect of the Registration of Voters for the said City under the said recited Act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister or Assistant B*r-the Chairman, as the Case may be, of every County or Riding, shall make a Circuit, and hold open Courts for such Revision, courts for Pur-at each of the Places which may be from Time to Time ap- poaes of Revi-pointed as Polling Places for such County or Riding, and at pu. any such other Places within the said County or Riding as the pTaCesforsudi Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Counties, &c. Ireland shall appoint, at convenient Times between the First Day of January inclusive and the Fourteenth Day of February inclusive in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and between the Eighth Day of September inclusive and the Twenty-fifth Day of October inclusive in every succeeding Year, and shall, Ten Days at the least before the holding of the first Court of Revision, give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace of the several Times and Places at which the said Courts will be holden, and of the several Baronies the Lists of and for which will be revised at each of the said Courts; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith cause public Notice thereof to be given by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers circulating within the said County, and shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of the said Notice to be written or printed, and published and posted in each Barony, and shall deliver or field Copies thereof to the Clerk or Clerks of the Union or Unions in which the several Baronies or Parts thereof are situate, and require him or them to attend at the Court appointed for the Revision of the List of Voters relating to the said Barony or Baronies respectively.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That such respective Assistant Assistant Bar-Barrister or Chairman, or his Deputy, as before the passing of w.act" this Act would have had Jurisdiction under the said recited ISftion of Act for the Registry of Voters for any such City, Town, or Voters for Bo- Borough, shall hold an open Court for the Revision of the Lists Courts of hS? of Voters within such City, Town, or Borough, between the *jsbn*in suX First Day of January inclusive and the Fourteenth Day of Borough*.

608

General Provisions as to Jtegistratiim.

Officers who shall attend Courts of Revision in Counties.

What Documents shall be produced.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

February inclusive in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and between the Eighth Day of September inclusive and the Twenty-fifth Day of October inclusive in every succeeding Year, and shall, Ten Days at the least before holding such Court, give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace acting foT such City, Town, or Borough of the Time and Place for holding the same; and the Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith publish such Notice in the Manner herein-before directed, and also in the Manner in which Notices of the holding of Sessions are usually published.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, or his Deputy, shall from Day to Day attend each and every Court of Revision which shall be held in such County under this Act, and at the opening of the first Court of Revision to be so holden as aforesaid in and for the same County in each Year shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Assistant Barrister holding such Court all the Lists of Voters for the then current Year, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, and the Lists of Claimants, and of Persons objected to, in the said Year, and the original Notices of Claims and Notices of Objections given to him as aforesaid, and the Return or Returns of the Clerk or Clerks of the Unions for each Barony respectively of the said County, and shall also in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one attend with and produce all such original Affidavits or Affirmations as under the Laws now in foroe in Ireland he is required to keep or attend with and produce at any Registration Sessions, and the List of Voters registered under the said recited Act, and shall also in every succeeding Year deliver to such Assistant Barrister One or more printed Copies of the Register of Voters then in force for the said County; and the Clerks of the several Unions wholly or in part in each County shall attend with and produce at the Courts of Revision holden in such County for the several Districts wherein their respective Unions or any Part thereof may be situate all Books of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor in such Unions, or any Part or Electoral Division thereof respectively, within such County, between the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine and the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the said Courts held in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), and between the Twentieth Day of July in the then preceding Year and the Twentieth Day of July in the then current Year (as regards the said Courts held in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or (if there have been no such Rate made in any Electoral Division) the then last Rate as to the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace and Clerks of Unions shall answer upon Oath all such Questions as such Assistant Barrister may put to them, and produce all Documents, Papers, and Writings in their Possession, Custody, or Power, touching any Matter herein mentioned: Provided always, that in case the

Attendance

.1859.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

Cap. 6 9.

609

General Provisions as to Registration.

Attendance of any Clerk of a Union, or the Production of any Eate or Rate Book of any Union, shall be required at different Courts at or about the same Time, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Union, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint a proper Person to be his Deputy for the Purpose of attending at any such Court, or producing such Bate or Bate Book, or a compared Copy thereof, or of Part thereof, which Deputy shall be subject to like Provisions as such Clerk of the Union; and for the Purposes of this Act a compared Copy of any such Bate or Bate Book, or of any Part thereof, shall be prima facie Evidence; but when any Question shall arise at any Court held under this Act in relation to any such compared Copy it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, if he shall think fit, to require the Production at any such Court, or at some Adjournment thereof, of the original Bate or Bate Book.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace Officers who of or acting in or for every such City, Town, or Borough, $all.tte*!ld or his Deputy, and the Town Clerk for every such City,

Town, or Borough, and the Cleric of the respective Union, or his Deputy, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall attend the Court of Revision to be holden for every such City, Town, or Borough; and such Clerk of the Peace shall in the Year what Docu-One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one attend with and manu shall be produce all such original Affidavits or Affirmations as under Produoed-the Laws now in force in Ireland he is required to keep or attend with and produce at any Registration Sessions, and the List of Voters registered under the said recited Act, and shall in every succeeding Year deliver to the Assistant Barrister One or more printed Copies of the Register then in force for the said City, Town, or Borough; and such Town Clerk shall, at the opening of the said Court, deliver to the Assistant Barrister the several Lists so made by him, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, and also the original Notices of Claim and Objection received by him as aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Union's List as aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace, and Town Clerk, and Clerk of the Union, or such Deputy as aforesaid respectively, shall answer upon Oath all such Questions as the Assistant Barrister may put to them or any of them, and produce all Documents, Papers, and Writings in their Possession,

Custody, or Power touching any Matter necessary for revising the List of Voters.

L. And be it enacted, That at each Court of Revision holden Collectors of in or for any such County, City, Town, or Borough every As-distant Barrister shall have Power to require any Collector of coUrt8>

Poor's Rates, or other Officer or Person having the Custody quired. of any such Bate, or any such Collector for the past Year, to attend before him at any Court to be by him holden in pursuance of this Act, and they shall attend accordingly, and answer upon Oath all such Questions as may be put to them.

LL. And be it enacted, That any Person whose Name shall Voters who reappear in the List of Voters of any Barony in and for any pojr^utof4triet «. Q q 2 County ^/make"

610

claim to vote at the Polling Place of the District where they reside.

Claimants, if

omitted by Clerk of Peace from List of Claimants, may, on Proof of Notice and Qualification, be placed on List of Voters for Counties.

like Provision as to Boroughs.

Such Persons may be objected to.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 .VICT.

County, and whose Place of Abode, as stated in such List, shall not be within the Polling District at which the said Barony shall be allotted to poll, but within the same County, shall be at liberty to make his Claim before the Assistant Barrister to vote at the Polling Place of the District wherein his said Place of Abode may be situate; and any Person whose Name shall appear in any List as aforesaid, and whose Place of Abode, as stated in such List, shall not be within the same County, shall be at liberty in like Manner to make his Claim to vote at the Polling Place of any District within the same County; and every such Person shall make his Claim in Writing under his Hand; and such Claim shall be delivered to and verified before the Assistant Barrister holding his Court for the Revision of the List of Voters in which the Name of such Person shall appear as aforesaid, and it shall then be lawful for the said Barrister to insert in the said List, against the Name of such Person so claiming as aforesaid, the Name of the Polling Place at which such Person shall be registered to vote; and such Person so registered shall be admitted to vote at any contested Election for the said County at the said last-mentioned Polling Place, and not elsewhere, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIL. And be it enacted, That if any Person who shall have given to the Clerk of the Peace due Notice of his Chum to have his Name inserted in the List of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire shall have been omitted by such Clerk of the Peace from such List, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, upon the Revision of such List, to insert therein the Name of the Person so omitted, in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Assistant Barrister that such Person gave due Notice of such his Claim to the said Clerk of the Peace, and that he was entitled on the Ninth Day of November then next preceding (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July then next preceding (as regards each succeeding Year), to be inserted in the said List of Voters.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister holding any Court of Revision under this Act in any City, Town, or Borough shall insert in any List of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough the Name of every Person omitted who shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Assistant Barrister to have given due Notice of his Claim to be inserted in such List, and to have been entitled on the Ninth Day of November then next preceding (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July then next preceding (as regards each succeeding Year), to have his Name inserted therein in right of the Qualification described in such Notice of Claim.

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whose Name shall be on any List of Voters for any

County,

1850.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

611

County, City, Town, or Borough, to oppose the Claim of any General

Person so omitted as aforesaid to have his Name inserted in Provisions

any List of Voters for the same County, City, Town, or Borough; and such Person intending to oppose any such Claim - -shall, in the Court to be holden as aforesaid for the Revision of such List, and before the Hearing of the said Claim, give Notice in Writing to the Assistant Barrister of his Intention to oppose the said Claim, and shall thereupon be admitted to oppose the same, by Evidence or otherwise, without any previous or other Notice, and shall have the same Rights, Powers, and Liabilities as to Costs, Appeal, and other Matters relating to the Hearing and Determination of the said Claim, as any Person who shall have duly objected to the Name of any other being retained on any List of Voters, and who shall appear and prove the requisite Notices as herein-after mentioned.

LV. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Barrister pre- Dutie« of Bar-siding at any such Court of Revision shall correct any Mistake r!*?er*JV£ which shall be proved to him to have been made in any List, Yialn and shall expunge the Name of every Person whose Qualification as stated in any List shall be insufficient in Law to entitle such Person to vote, and also the Name of every Person who shall be proved to him to be dead, and provide that the Name of the same Person shall not appear Twice on the List of Voters or Register of any County, City, Town, or Borough; and wherever the Christian Name, or the Place of Abode, or the Nature of the Qualification, or the local or other Description of the Property of any Person who shall be included in any such List, or the Name of the occupying Tenant thereof, shall be wholly omitted in any Case where the same is*by this Act directed to be specified therein, or if any Person whose Name is included in any such List, or his Place of Abode, or the Nature or Description of his Qualification, shall, in the Judgment of the Assistant Barrister, be insufficiently described for the Purpose of being identified, or if the Date of the Registry of any Person registered under the said recited Act shall be omitted in any Case where the same is by this Act directed to be specified, such Assistant Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from such List, unless the Matter or Matters so omitted or insufficiently described be supplied to the Satisfaction of such Assistant Barrister before he shall have completed the Revision of such List, in which Case he shall then and there insert the same in such List: Provided always, that whether any Person shall be objected to or not, no Evidence shall be given of any other Qualification than that which is described in the List of Voters, or Claim, as the Case may be, nor shall the Assistant Barrister be at liberty to change the Description of the Qualification as it appears in the List, except for the Purpose of more clearly and accurately defining the same; and where the Name of any Person inserted in any List of Voters shall have been

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 YlOt.

General Provision* atto Registration.

Persona now registered (save as excepted) shall be primi facie entitled to be registered under this Act.

objected to by the Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the Union, or Town Clerk, or by any other Person, and such other Person so objecting shall appear, by himself or by some one in his Behalf, in support of such Objection, and shall prove that he gave the Notice or Notices respectively required by this Act to be given by him, every such Assistant Barrister shall then require it to be proved that the Person so objected to was entitled, on the Ninth Day of November then next preceding (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July then next preceding (as regards each succeeding Year), to have his Name inserted in the List of Voters in respect of the Qualification described in such List; and in case the same shall not be proved to the Satisfaction of such Assistant Barrister, or in case it shall be proved that such Person was then incapacitated by any Law or Statute from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, such Assistant Barrister shall expunge the Name of every such Person from the same List: Provided also, that every Person registered under the Provisions of the herein-before recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland within Eight Years previous to the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or to the First Day of December in any subsequent current Year, shall be prima facie entitled to have his Name inserted in such List (except Persons registered under the said Act in respect of any Qualification requiring an Elector for a County to be or to have been in the actual Occupation of the Premises, and except Persons registered under the said Act for any City, Town, or Borough in respect of the Occupation of Premises of a clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds); and that when the Qualification of any such Person (except as aforesaid) shall be in respect of any Property in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Sufficiency in Value of such Property shall not be questioned during the said Period, unless it be first shown that he hath ceased to hold or occupy, as the Case may require, some Part of the Property in right whereof he was so registered; nor shall the Sufficiency of his Estate therein be questioned during the said Period, unless it be first shown that the Nature of his Estate therein has altered since he was so registered; and that (except as aforesaid) a Certificate, or, in default of its Production, an Affidavit of Registry granted or made under the said Act, shall, for the Purposes of the Register to be formed in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, be Evidence of such former Registration and of the Date thereof; and that (except as aforesaid) the Appearance of the Name of any Person, with the Date of his Registry annexed thereto, in the Copy of the Register in force in any succeeding Year, but within such Limit of Eight Years as aforesaid, shall be Evidence of the Registration of such

Person

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 613

Person under the said recited Act, and of the Date of such General former Registration, subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein- PrmUUmM before contained as to the Payment of Poor Rate, if any, by iiejutratum.

Persons claiming a Qualification in respect of the Inhabitancy -

of Houses, and to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act as to Residence by Freemen and Forty Shilling Freeholders: Provided also, that when and as the said Period of Eight Years shall have elapsed in each Case, or when the same will elapse previous to the aforesaid Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or previous to the First Day of December then next in any Year, the Assistant Barrister shall expunge the Date of Registry annexed in the List to the Name of the Person whose Registry under the Provisions of the said Act shall have so expired or will so expire: Provided also, that the List or Return transmitted by the Clerk of the respective Union as aforesaid to the respective Clerk of the Peace, or to the Town Clerk, shall respectively be primd facie Evidence that every Person included therein was a rated Occupier of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such net annual Value as therein mentioned, on the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July in the then current Year (as regards each succeeding Year), and that all Poor Rates payable by such Person to entitle him to be placed on such List have been paid: Provided also, that the Appearance of the Name of any Elector (other than those entitled to register for any County, City, Town, or Borough in respect of Occupation as rated Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the Value respectively of Twelve Pounds or upwards, or of Eight Pounds or upwards,) on the List of registered Voters or the Copy of the Register in each Year shall be deemed to be primd facie Evidence of his Right to have his Name inserted in the Register for the Year then next ensuing: Provided also, that where any Person whose Name appears on any List of Voters for any County, City,

Town, or Borough shall be objected to on the Ground of having changed his Place of Abode without having sent in a fresh Notice of Claim, it shall be lawful for the Assistant Barrister on revising the List to retain the Name of such Person on the List of Voters, if such Person, or some one in his Behalf shall prove that he possessed on the said Ninth Day of November (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or on the Twentieth Day of July (as regards each succeeding Year), the same Qualification in respect of which his Name has been inserted in such List, and shall also supply his true Place of Abode, which such Assistant Barrister shall insert in such List.

LVI. And be it enacted, That every Assistant Barrister Power* of Barholding any Court under this Act shall have Power to adjourn risters ttd-the same from Time to Time, and from any one Polling Place iXunister*18 '

Q q 4 to Oaths, &e.

C14 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

Central

Provision!

as to Registration.

Court of Re-Yuion under this Act a Court of Record.

Power of Assistant Barrister to fine Officeir, &c.

General Provisions as to Registration and Appeal.

to any other Polling Place, or other Place appointed as afore-Baid within the same County, or within the same City, Town, or Borough, but so that no such adjourned Court shall be holden after the Fourteenth Day of February in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one (as regards the Register for that Year), or after the twenty-fifth Day of October in any succeeding Year; and at every Court to be holden as aforesaid by any Assistant Barrister the said Barrister shall have Power to summon as Witnesses any Persons whose Evidence may appear to be material, and to administer an Oath to all Persons examined before him; and all Parties, whether claiming or objecting or objected to, and all Persons whatsoever, may be examined upon Oath touching the Matters in question; and every Person taking any Oath or Affirmation under this Act who shall wilfully swear or affirm falsely shall be deemed guilty of Perjury; and at the holding of such respective Courts no Party or other Person shall appear or be attended or heard by Counsel; and every such Barrister shall, upon the Hearing in open Court, finally determine upon the Validity of such Claims and Objections, and shall for that Purpose have the same Powers and proceed in the same Manner (except where otherwise directed by this Act) as any Assistant Barrister under the Provisions of the said recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland previous to the Commencement of this Act; provided nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary for any Claimant to verify his Title by Affidavit, as by the said Act required, after the Adjudication upon his Claim shall have been made; and such Assistant Barrister shall, in open Court, write his Initials against the Names and Dates of Registry respectively expunged or inserted, and against any Part of the said Lists in which any Mistake shall have been corrected or any Omission supplied or any Insertion made by him, and shall sign his Name to every Page of the several Lists so settled.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every Court of Revision for the Purpose of making out or revising the Register of Voters under this Act shall be deemed to be a Court of Record; and that it shall be lawful for every Assistant Barrister before whom such Court shall be held, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, to fine the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or the Under Sheriff of the County, County of the City, or County of the Town, for which such Court shall be held, who shall guilty of any Breach of Duty in execution of this Act, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and at his Discretion to fine in any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, or to commit to Prison for any Time not exceeding One Fortnight, any Person who shall disturb the said Court, or shall be guilty of any other Contempt of the said Court.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who under the Provisions herein-before contained shall have made any Claim to have his Name inserted in any List,

or

Appeal from

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

or made any Objection to any other Person as not entitled to have his Name inserted in any List, or whose Name shall have been expunged from any List, and who in any such Case shall be aggrieved by or dis-satisfied with any Decision of any Assistant Barrister on any Point of Law material to the Result of such Case, either himself or by some Person on his Behalf, to give to the Assistant Barrister in Court, before the rising of the said Court, on the some Day on which such Decision shall have been pronounced, a Notice in Writing that he is desirous to appeal, and in such Notice shall shortly state the Decision against which he desires to appeal; and the said Assistant Barrister thereupon, if he thinks it reasonable and proper that such Appeal should be entertained, shall state in Writing the Facts which, according to his Judgment, shall have been established by the Evidence in the Case, and which shall be material to the Matter in question, and shall also state in Writing his Decision upon the whole Case, and also his Decision upon the Point of Law in question appealed against; and such Statement shall be made as nearly as conveniently may be in like Manner os is now usual in Orders of Refusal to register any Claimant under the herein-before recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, on any Ground other than Insufficiency of Value; and the said Assistant Barrister shall read the said Statement to the Appellant in open Court, and shall then and there sign the same; and the said Appellant, or some one on his Behalf, shall, at the End of the said Statement make a Declaration in Writing under his Hand to the following Effect; (that is to say,) *" I appeal from this Decision and the said Assistant Barrister shall then endorse upon every such Statement the Name of the County and Barony, or City, Town, or Borough, to which the same shall relate, and also the Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode of the Appellant and of the Respondent in the said Appeal, and shall sign and date such Endorsement; and the said Assistant Barrister shall deliver suchjStatement, with such Endorsement thereon, to the said Appellant, to be by him transmitted to the Court of Exchequer Chamber at Dublin in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and the said Assistant Barrister shall also deliver a Copy of such Statement, with the said Endorsement thereon, to the Respondent in such Appeal, who shall require the same.

LIX. And be it enacted, That in the Matter of every such Appeal the Party in whose Favour the Decision appealed against shall have been given shall be the Respondent; but if there be no such Party, or if such Party, or some one on his Behalf, shall in open Court decline, and state in Writing that he declines, to support the Decision appealed against as Respondent, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister to name any Person who may be interested in the Matter of the said Appeal, and who may consent, or the Clerk of the Peace of any County, or tho Town Clerk

615

Barrister's Decision on Points of Lav.

Who shall be Respondents in Appeal.

616>

General Provisions as U Registration and Appeal.

Power to consolidate Appeals.

Cap. 69*. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT *

of any City, Town, or Borough, to be, and such Person so consenting, or such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk respectively so named, shall be deemed to be the Respondent in such Appeal.

LX. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to any Assistant Barrister that the Validity of any Number of such Claims or Objections determined by him at any Court as aforesaid depends, and has been decided by him, upon the same Point or Points of Law, and the Parties, or any of them, aggrieved by or dis-satisfied with his Decision thereon, shall have given Notice of an Intention to appeal therefrom, it shall in such Case be lawful for the said Barrister to declare that the Appeals against such Decision ought to be consolidated, and the said Barrister shall in such Case state in Writing the Case, and his Decision thereon, in manner herein-before mentioned, and that several Appeals depend upon the same Decision, and ought to be consolidated, and shall read such Statement, and sign the same, as herein-before mentioned; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Barrister to name any Person interested and consenting, for and on behalf of himself and all other Persons in like Manner interested in such Appeals, to be the Appellant or Respondent respectively in such consolidated Appeals, and to prosecute or answer the said Appeal in like Manner as any Appellant or Respondent might in his own Case, under the Provisions of this Act; and the Person so named Appellant in such consolidated Appeal, or some one on his Behalf, shall at the End of the said Statement make and sign a Declaration in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J for myself and on behalf of all the other Persons who are 9 interested as Appellants in this Matter, and whose Names

are hereunder written, do appeal against this Decision, and agree to prosecute this Appeal. '

And the Person so named Respondent in such consolidated Appeal, or some one on his Behalf, shall in like Manner make and sign a Declaration in Writing in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J for myself and on behalf of all the other Persons mte9 rested as Respondents in this Matter, and whose Names

are hereunder written, do agree to appear and answer this Appeal. '

And the Name, and, where necessary, the Particulars of the Qualification of every Party intended to be joined in such consolidated Appeal, shall be written under the aforesaid Declaration of the Appellant or Respondent respectively to which they may respectively refer: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Barrister, if necessary, in any Case, to name the Clerk of the Peace of any County, or the Town Clerk of any City, Town, or Borough, to be, and he so named shall be, the Respondent in such consolidated Appeal, without any such Declaration being made or signed by him as herein-before mentioned.

18501 Du-tiamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 617

LXL. And be it enacted, That in and with regard to every amend such consolidated Appeal the like Proceeding shall be had and taken, and the like Rules and Regulations shall apply, as in the

Case of any other Appeal under this Act; and that every Order, -

Judgment, or Decision of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber Proceedings on shall be equally valid and effectual for all the Purposes of this ^ppLils!1* Act, and binding and conclusive upon all the Parties named in or referred to as Parties to such consolidated Appeal as aforesaid; and that if in any Case all or any of the Parties to such consolidated Appeal shall make or enter into any Agreement as to the Mode of contributing among themselves to the Costs and Expenses of such Appeal, the said Agreement may, upon the Application of any Party or Parties thereto, be made a Rule of any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, if such Court shall think fit: Provided always, that if any such consolidated Appeal shall not be duly prosecuted or answered it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or any of such Superior Courts of Law, to give to any Party or Parties interested in such Appeal, upon his or their Application, the Conduct and Direction of the said Appeal, or of the Answer thereto respectively, as the Case may require, instead of or in addition to any Person named as aforesaid as Appellant or Respondent, and in such Manner and upon such Terms as such Court may think fit and order, or to make such other Order in the Case as may seem meet: Provided also, that if after the said Assistant Barrister shall as aforesaid have declared that the Appeal in any Case ought to be with others consolidated, any Party interested in such Appeal shall object and refuse to be a Party to or to be bound by any such consolidated Appeal, then and in such Case the Appeal in which such Person is interested may proceed separately, but such Person so refusing or objecting shall be liable to pay Costs to the other Party, but shall not be entitled to receive any Costs of or in such Appeal, unless the said Court of Exchequer Chamber "otherwise order.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if in any Case it shall appear Barrister may to any Assistant Barrister holding any Court as aforesaid that award.Cost* to any Person shall under this Act have made or attempted to cl^mante or sustain any groundless or frivolous and vexatious Claim or Objectors. Objection or Title to have any Name inserted or retained in any List of Voters, it shall be lawful for the said Barrister, in his Discretion, to make such Order as he shall think fit for the Payment by such Person of the Costs, or of any Part of the Costs, of any Person or Persons in resisting such Claim or Objection or Title; and in every such Case the said Barrister shall make an Order in Writing, specifying the Sum which he shall order to be paid for such Costs, and by and to whom, and when and where, the same Sum shall be paid, and shall date and sign the said Order, and deliver it to the Person or Persons to whom the said Sum shall therein be ordered to be paid:

Provided always, that the said Sum so ordered to be paid by way of Costs shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of Twenty

Shillings:

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

General Shillings: Provided also, that such Order for the Payment of Provisions as to Costs as aforesaid may be made in any Case notwithstanding and Apptai any shall have given Notice of his Intention to appeal

---- against any Decision of the Assistant Barrister in the same

Case; but in case of such Appeal the said Order for the Payment of Costs shall be suspended, and shall abide the Event of such Appeal, unless the Court of Appeal shall otherwise direct; but no Appeal shall be allowed or entertained against or only in respect of any such Order for the Payment of Costs: Provided also, that whenever any Assistant Barrister shall have made any such Order for the Payment of any Sum of Money for Costs by any Person who shall have made any Objection as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Barrister to hear or admit Proof of any other Objection or Notice of Objection made or signed by the same Person, until the Sum of Money so ordered to be paid by him for Costs be paid to the Person entitled to receive the same, or deposited in the Hands of the said Barrister in Court, for the Use of the Person so entitled. Revised Lists

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lists of Voters tra^mitted0^or eac^ County, signed as aforesaid, shall be forthwith trans-the Clerk of mitted by the Assistant Barrister to the Clerk of the Peace of Peace in Coun- the same County; and the Clerk of the Peace shall keep the ra^se^thei^to Lists among the Records of the Sessions, and shall forth-be printed in a with cause the said Lists to be printed in a Book or Books, Book, which arranged with the Names in each Barony in strict alphabetical lWere^toVhe Order, according to the First, Second, and other Letters of the Sheriff. Surnames, and with every Polling District in alphabetical Order,

and with every Barony within such Polling District likewise in the same Order, and shall, after the last List for each Polling District, insert a List in like alphabetical Order of all Persons whose Names shall not appear in any of the said Lists for such Polling District, but who shall in manner herein-before mentioned have been registered by the Assistant Barrister to vote at the Polling Place of such lhst-mentioned District, and shall in the said Book prefix to every Name its proper Number, beginning the Numbers from the first Name in each Barony, and continuing them in a regular Series down to the last Name in such Barony; provided always, that a Number as aforesaid shall be prefixed to the Name of every Person in every such List inserted after the last List for any Polling District as aforesaid; and no Number, but an Asterisk only, shall be prefixed to the Name of the same Person in the List of the Barony in which the Name originally appeared; and every such Book shall be printed and arranged in such Manner and Form that the List of Voters of and for each and every separate Barony contained therein may be conveniently and completely cut out or detached from all the other Lists of Voters contained in the same Book, so that all the Lists for every or any Polling Place, or the List of every or any single Barony, may be ready for the Purposes of this Act, or for Sale; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, as regards the first Register formed

under

619

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69 *

under this Act, sign and deliver the said Book or Books on or before the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and, as regards every subsequent Register formed under this Act, shall sign and deliver the said Book or Books on or before the last Day of November in the then current Year, to the Sheriff of the County, to be by him and his Successors in the Office of Sheriff safely kept for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the List of Voters for each City, Town, or Borough, signed as aforesaid, shall be forthwith delivered by the Assistant Barrister to the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for the same City, Town, or Borough, and the said Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith cause the said Lists to be printed in a Book or Books; and in the said Book or Books the said Lists shall be arranged and every Name numbered according to the Directions aforesaid with regard to the County Lists, so far as the same are applicable, save that in the Case of any of the Cities, Towns, and Boroughs mentioned in the Schedule (B.) annexed to an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to shorten the Duration of Elec* Hons in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat, the said Lists shall be arranged and divided according to Wards and otherwise, and the Names numbered in such Manner as is or shall be directed by such last-mentioned Act; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, as regards the first Register formed under this Act, sign and deliver the said Book on or before the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and, as regards every subsequent Register, shall sign and deliver the said Book or Books on or before the last Day of November in the current Year, to the Returning Officer of the same City, Town, or Borough, to be by him and his Successors, as Returning Officer, safely kept for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

LXV. And be it enacted, That the said printed Book or Books, so signed as aforesaid by the Clerk of the Peace, and

Kl into the Custody of the Sheriff of any County, or the ming Officer of any City, Town, or Borough, as the Case may be, shall, as regards the first Register to be formed under this Act, be the Register of Persons entitled to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament which shall take place in and for the same County, City, Town, or Borough respectively between the Fifteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one and the First Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and (as regards every subsequent Register to be formed under this Act) shall be the Register of Persons entitled to vote at any such Election which shall take place in and for the same County, City, Town, or Borough respectively between the last Day of November in the Year wherein such Register shall have been made and the First Day of December in the succeeding Year; and the Clerk of the Peace of every

County

General Provision* as to Registration and Appeal,

Revised Lists for Boroughs shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace acting for such Borough, who shall cause them to be printed in a Book, and deliver the same to the Returning Officer.

Books so prepared shall coo-stitute the Register for One Year.

Printed Copies of Register to

C20

be kepi lot Me *

Officers may be fined by Barrister for Non-attendance.

Clerks of Unions, Clerks of Peace, and Town Clerks may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voteri (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT *

County shall keep printed Copies of the said Register for such County, and shall deliver such Copies of such Register, or any Part thereof, to any Person applying for the same, upon Payment of a Price after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 2.) in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every City, Town, or Borough respectively shall keep printed Copies of the said Register for such City, Town, or Borough, and shall from Time to Time supply a sufficient Number of Copies of such Register to the Town Clerk of such City, Town, or Borough, who shall deliver such Copies of such Register, or any Part thereof, to any Person applying for the same, upon Payment of a Price after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 2.) in the said Schedule (C.), and account for and pay over to the said Clerk of the Peace all Monies by him received for or on account of the Sale of any Copies of the Register as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to a Copy of any Part of any Register relating to any Barony without taking or paying for the whole that relates to such Barony.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That any Collector of Poor Rates, or Clerk of a Union, or other Officer or Person having the Custody of any such Rate or Rate Book as herein-before mentioned for the then current or any past Year, who shall wilfully refuse or neglect, when duly required by Summons under the Hand of any Assistant Barrister, to attend before such Barrister at any Court to be holden as aforesaid, according to the Exigency of such Summons, shall, upon Proof before him of the Service of such Summons, be liable to pay, by way of Fine, for every such Offence, a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be imposed by and at the Discretion of the said Barrister holding any such Court as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That any Clerk of any Union who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make out or verify as hereby required, or to transmit, any List, Copy of the Register, or Return which ho is by this Act required to make out, verify, and transmit, or who shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause omit the Name of any Person entitled to be inserted in such List, Copy of the Register, or Return, or who shall wilfully or without reasonable Cause insert in such List, Copy of the Register, or Return the Name of any Person not entitled to be inserted in such List, Copy of the Register, or Return, or who shall wilfully refuse or neglect, by himself or his Deputy, to attend with and produce, at any Court for revising the List of Voters which he is hereby required to attend, the Rate or Rate Books or compared Copies which he is hereby required to produce thereat, or any Clerk of the Peace of a County, or any Town Clerk of any City, Town, or Borough, or other Officer required by this Act to act in default of there being any Town Clerk, who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make out any List required to be made out by him under the

Provisions

1850. Parliamentary Votert (Ireland), Cap. 39. 021

Provisions of this Act, or who in making out the Lists of Voters shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause omit the Name of any Person duly qualified or entitled to be inserted in any such List, or who shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause insert in any such List the Name of any Person not duly qualified or entitled to be inserted therein, or any Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk or other such Officer as aforesaid who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to publish any Notice or List or Copy of the List of the Voters, or of the Part of the Register of Voters relating to his County, or to his City, Town, or Borough, at the Time and in the Manner required by this Act, or who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend the Court for revising any List of Voters of his County, or of his City,

Town, or Borough, or to attend any Assistant Barrister, when required by any Summons as aforesaid, or any Town Clerk who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to deliver to the Clerk of the Peace the Copy of the List of Claimants, or of Persons objected to, or the Copies of the List of Voters or Register, as required by this Act, or any Clerk of the Peace who shall wilfully refuse or neglect to deliver to the Barrister holding any such Court the several Lists to be delivered by him as aforesaid, or any Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk or Clerk of a Union who shall be wilfully guilty of any other Breach of Duty under or in the Execution of this Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to pay by way of Fine a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be imposed by and at the Discretion of the Assistant Barrister holding any Court for the Revision of any List of the Barony or Division of a Barony, or the City, Town, or Borough, for which such Officer is required to act as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained as to any Fine as aforesaid shall affect or abridge any Right of Action against any Clerk of the Peace,

Clerk of a Union, Town Clerk, or other Person liable to any Fine as aforesaid, or any Liability, civil or criminal, which such Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of a Union, Town Clerk, or other Person may incur under or by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That any such Assistant Bar- Fines, to whom rister, when and so often as he shall impose any such Fine as payable* aforesaid, shall at the same Time in open Court, by an Order in Writing under his Hand stating the Sum payable for such Fine, direct by and to whom and when the same shall be paid, and the Person to whom the said Sum shall be so ordered to be paid shall receive the same; and in every Case where the Offence for which such Fine shall have been so imposed shall relate to the Formation of the Register of Voters for any County, he shall pay over the Sum so received by him to the Clerk of the Peace of the same County; and in every Case where such Offence shall relate to the Formation of the Register of Voters for any City, Town, or Borough, he shall pay over the Sum so received by him to the Clerk of the Peace acting in or for the same City, Town, or JiorQugh.

General Provisions as to Registration and Appeal.

Application of Monies arising from Sale of Register and Forms.

Expenses of the Clerks of Peace, liow to be defrayed in Counties and Boroughs wholly situate in One County at large.

Such Expenses, how to be apportioned and

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, and the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every such City, Town, or Borough respectively, shall keep an Account of all Monies to be received by him or them for or on account of the Sale of any Copies of the Register as aforesaid, or for or by way of Fine imposed as aforesaid; and the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall pay over or account for all such Monies received by him to the Treasurer of the same County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied in aid of any Grand Jury Presentment made under the Authority of this Act; and the Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for every such Borough situate in a County at large shall pay over or account for all such Monies so received by him to the Treasurer of such County, to be applied as aforesaid, and, in the Case of a Borough situate in Two or more Counties, to and among the Treasurers of such Counties, to be applied by them in aid of any Grand Jury Presentments to be made on such Counties respectively under this Act; and the Share of each such County shall be calculated as nearly as may be according to the same relative Proportion as the Number of Persons in each County placed on the Register for such Borough shall bear to the total Number of Persons upon the same Register.

LXX. And be it enacted, That an Account of all Expenses incurred by any Clerk of the Peace of or acting for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or by any Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for any Borough situate in a County at large, in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, including the Expenses of providing and printing the Copies of the Register and the Lists and Forms required under this Act, shall be laid before the next Presentment Sessions of the County at large or County of a City or County of a Town after such Expenses shall have been incurred (save in the Case of the City of Dublin, where it shall be laid before the Council of the said Borough); and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town at die next Assizes or Presenting Term, and (in the Case of the City of Dublin) for the Council of the Borough of Dublin, and they respectively are hereby required to present, to be levied off such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, such Expenses, or so much thereof as such Presentment Sessions, or Grand Jury, or Council, as the Case may be, shall allow for the Clerk of the Peace, to be paid to him, and so much of the said Expenses of providing and printing such Copies of the Register and Lists and Forms as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall have contracted for supplying and printing such Copies of the Register and Lists and Forms as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That an Account of all the Expenses incurred by any Clerk of the Peace acting in or for any

Borough

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

Borough situate in Two or more Counties, in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, including the Expenses of pro-riding and printing such Copies of the Register and such Lists and Forms as aforesaid in respect of such Borough, shall, as soon as may be after the said Expenses have been so incurred, be laid before the Town Council of such Borough, or, if there be no Town Council, before the Commissioners elected in such Borough under an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases, or before the Municipal Commissioners of such Borough, or if there be no such Council or Commissioners in any Borough, then before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County to which the Clerk of the Peace acting in or for such Borough may belong; and the said Council or Commissioners or the said Justices respectively shall, when they allow the said Accounts, make and give to the said Clerk of the Peace a Certificate of the total Sum allowed by such Council, Commissioners, or Justices in respect of all the said Expenses, and also a Certificate of the Sum to be paid by and as the Contribution of each of the said Counties towards defraying the same; and the Sum to be contributed by every such County shall be calculated, as nearly as may be, according to the same relative Proportion as the Number of Persons in each County placed on the Register for such Borough shall bear to the total Number of Persons upon the same Register; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County and they are hereby required, upon the Production of such Certificate, and after a previous Application to the Presentment Sessions of the County at large, at the next or any succeeding Assizes for such County to present to be levied off such County the Sum in such Certificate mentioned to be paid by and as the Contribution of such County to the said Expenses.

LXXIL. And be it enacted, That an Account of all Expenses incurred by the Town Clerk of or acting in or for any City, Town, or Borough, in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, shall be laid before the Assistant Barrister at the Court at which the List of Voters for such City, Town, or Borough shall be revised; and the said Barrister shall sign and give to such Town Clerk a Certificate of the Sum which he shall allow to be due to him in respect of such Expenses, and also of such Sum as he shall deem it reasonable to allow to him for his Trouble in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, and in case of any Borough situate in Two or more Counties shall also give to the said Town Clerk acting in or for such Borough a Certificate of the Sum to be paid by and as the Contribution of each of the said Counties towards defraying the Sums so allowed; and the Sum to be contributed by every such County shall be calculated, as nearly as may be, according to the same relative Proportion as the Number of Persons in each

623

defrayed in Boroughs situate in Two or more Counties.

9 G. 4. c. 82.

Expenses of Town Clerks to be settled by Barrister, and defrayed by Grand Jury Presentment.

624

General Provisions as to Registration and Appeal,

Guardians of Unions to allow annual Remuneration to Clerks of Unions for Duties under this Act.

Appeals to be heard by Court of Exchequer Chamber, consisting of Three or more Judges.

40 G. 3. (I.)

Notice of Prosecution of Appeal to be given.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

County placed on the Register of such Borough shall bear to the total Number of Persons upon the same Register; and such Account and Certificate shall be laid before the Presentment Sessions of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or of the County in which any Borough in a County at large is situate, next after such Expenses shall have been incurred (save in the Case of the City of Dublin, where they shall be laid before the Council of the said Borough); and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the next Assizes or Presenting Term, and (in the Case of the City of Dublin) for the Council of the Borough of Dublin, and they are hereby respectively required, to present to be raised off such County, County of a City, or County of a Town the total Sum in such Certificate mentioned, or the Sum in such Certificate mentioned as the Contribution of any such County towards the said total Sam, as the Case may be, or so much thereof as such Presentment Sessions or Grand Jury or Council, as the Case may be, shall allow, to be paid to the said Town Clerk.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Guardians of the Poor of each Union shall by an Order make such annual Allowance out of the Rates to the Clerks of the Union as a Compensation for the Duty hereby imposed upon them as the said Guardians shall think proper; but no such Order shall be acted on, or any Payment made thereunder, until the same shall be approved of by the Poor Law Commissioners, and the Payment sanctioned by them.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Appeals or Matters of Appeal from or in respect of any Decision of any Assistant Barrister entertained in manner herein-before mentioned shall be prosecuted, heard, and determined in and by the Court of Exchequer Chamber at Dublin in such Manner and Form and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Court shall from Time to Time by any Rule or Order made for regulating the Practice and Proceedings in such Appeals order and direct: Provided always, that at any Sitting of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber the Chief Justices, Chief Baron, and other Justices and Barons of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Common Law at Dublin^ or any Three or more of them, shall for the Purposes of this Act have all such Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority as by this Act given to the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, anything in an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more speedy Correction of erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in the Kingdom, or in any other Act or Acts contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That every Appellant who shall intend to prosecute his Appeal shall, within the first Four Days in the Easter Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one (as regards the Register for that Year), and within the

1650. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 625

the first Four Days in the Michaelmas Term next after the General £ Decision to which such Appeal shall relate (as regards any Provi*font as to subsequent Year), transmit to the Clerk of the Errors in the said Court the Statement in Writing so signed by the said __________

Assistant Barrister as aforesaid, and shall also therewith give or send a Notice, signed by him, stating therein his Intention to prosecute the said Appeal; and the said Appellant shall also give or send a Notice, signed by him, to the Respondent in the said Appeal, stating his said Intention duly to prosecute such Appeal; and such Clerk of the Errors shall forthwith enter every Appeal of which he shall have, received due Notice from the Appellant as aforesaid in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Chief Justice of the Sittings of the Court of Queen's Bench in Ireland for the Time being, or in Court of Exche-case of his Sickness or Absence from Ireland, or the Vacancy of the said Office, the Chief Justice of the Court of Common this Act, how Pleas in Ireland for the Time being, or in case of his Sickness 10 be fixed-or Absence from Ireland, or of the Vacancy of the said Office, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for the Time being, shall, as soon as may be after the Fourth Day of the said Easter Term One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and also of every Michaelmas Term in every Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, make Arrangements for hearing the Appeals entered as aforesaid, and shall appoint such certain Day or Days, either in Term Time or in Time of Vacation, as he may think fit and necessary, but as early as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of hearing and deciding such Appeals; and such respective Chief Justice or Chief Baron, as the Case may be, shall cause public Notice to be given of the Time so appointed by him for that Purpose, and of the Order in which such Appeals will be heard.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That no such Appeal or Matter n0 Appeal to of Appeal whatsoever shall in any Case, except where the Con- heard unless duct and Direction of a consolidated Appeal, or of the Answer ^ot, ^!hall thereto, shall have been given, by Order of the said Court of aVe nglveD* Exchequer Chamber, or any of the said Superior Courts of Law, to any Person, be entertained or heard by the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, unless Notice shall have been given by the Appellant to the Clerk of the Errors in the said last-mentioned Court at the Time and in the Manner herein-before mentioned; and no Appeal shall be heard by the said Court in any Case where the said Respondent shall not appear, unless the Appellant, or Person to whom the Conduct and Direction of the Appeal shall have been given, shall prove that due Notice of his Intention to prosecute such Appeal was given or sent to such Respondent Six Days at least before the Day appointed for the Hearing of such Appeal: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the said Court that there has not been reasonable Time to give or send such Notice in Any Case, it shall be lawful for the said Court to postpone the Hearing of the Appeal in such Case, aa to the said Court shall seem meet.

General Provisions as to Registration and Appeal,

No Appeal on Questions of Fact.

Court may remit Appeal to Assistant Barrister, to be more fully stated.

Decisions of Court of Appeal Hnal and binding.

Register to be corrected in pursuance of Decision of Court of Appeal.

Copies of Decisions shall be Evidence.

Appeal pending not to aflect Right of Voting.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Appeal or Notice

of Appeal under this Act shall be received or allowed against any Decision of any Assistant Barrister upon any Question of Fact only, or upon the Admissibility or Effect of any Evidence or Admission adduced or made in any Case to establish any Matter of Fact only: Provided always, that if the said Court shall be of opinion in any Case that the Statement of the Matter of the Appeal is not sufficient to enable them to give Judgment in Law, it shall be lawful for the said Court to remit the said Statement to the Assistant Barrister by whom it shall have been signed in order that the Case may be more fully stated.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Judgment or Decision of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber shall be final and conclusive in the Case upon the Point of Law adjudicated upon, and shall be binding upon any Committee of the House of Commons appointed for the Trial of any Petition complaining of an undue Election or lleturn of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That whenever, by any Judgment or Order of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, any Decision or Order of any Assistant Barrister shall be reversed or altered, so as to require any Alteration or Correction of the Register of Voters for any County, or for any City, Town, or Borough, Notice of the said Judgment or Order of the said Court shall forthwith be given by the said Court to the Sheriff or Returning Officer, as the Case may be, having the Custody of such Register, and also to the Clerk of the Peace hereby directed to keep Copies thereof, and each such Notice shall be in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk of the Errors in the said Court, and shall specify exactly every Alteration or Correction to be made in pursuance of the said Judgment or Order in the said Register; and such Sheriff* or Returning Officer respectively shall, upon the Receipt of the said Notice, alter or correct the Register accordingly, and shall sign his Name against every such Alteration or Correction in the said Register, and shall safely keep, and hand over to his Successors, every such Notice received by him from the said Court as aforesaid, together with the said Register; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall make the like Alteration or Correction in a Copy of the Register to be kept by him for such Purpose, and also in all Copies thereof which he shall from Time to Time deliver.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That a Copy of any Order or Decision of the said Court of Exchequer Chamber, such Copy purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Errors, shall be sufficient Evidence in all Cases, without Proof of the Signature of the said Clerk, and shall have the like Force and Effect as any Entry made in any List or Register of Voters under this or the said recited Act.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That no Right of Voting at any Election as aforesaid of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament shall be affected by any Appeal pending in the said

Court

1850. Parliamentary Voter* (Ireland)* Cap. 69. 627

Court at the Time of the issuing of the Writ for such Election, General

but it shall be lawful for every Person to exercise the Right of

Voting at such Election as effectually, and every Vote tendered a*d Appeal

thereat shall be as good, as if no such Appeal were pending; -

and that the subsequent Decision of any Appeal which shall be pending in the said Court at the Time of the issuing of the Writ for any such Election shall not in any way whatsoever alter or affect the Poll taken at such Election, or the Return made thereat by the Returning Officer.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to Court the said Court to make such Order respecting the Payment of to raak.° °rders the Costs of any Appeal, or of any Part of such Costs, as to the costs! mg said Court shall seem meet: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Court in any Case to make any Order for Costs against or in favour of any Respondent or Person named as Respondent as aforesaid, unless he shall appear before the said Court in support of the Decision of the Assistant Barrister in question.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Sum of Costs and Money, by the Order of any Assistant Barrister as aforesaid Fin^ inJFOScd directed to be paid by any Person by way of Fine or of Costs, newer? shall not be paid according to the Terms of such Order, it shall able, be lawful for any Justice of the Peace and he is hereby required, upon Proof before him that a true Copy of the said Order hath been served upon or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person in the said Order directed to pay such Sum, and that the said Sum hath been demanded of such Person, and that he hath refused or neglected to pay the same, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order the said Sum of Money, together with the Costs of and attending the said Warrant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so making default which may be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice; and the Overplus, if any, after the said Sum of Money and Costs, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of the said Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that no Certiorari or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Order or Warrant, or of any Order or Warrant to be made or issued on account of a false Charge of Personation in the Manner herein-after provided, or any Proceeding thereon respectively, into any of Her Majesty's Courts at Dublin, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That at every Election of a Register to i»e Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County,

City, Town, or Borough in Ireland holden after the Fifteenth to vote.

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Register of Voters so made as aforesaid under this Act shall be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence that the Persons therein named continue to have the Qualifications which are annexed to their Names respectively in the Register in force at such Election.

by Barrister may tender their Votes.

In the Case of rated Occu-

to invalidate such Vote.

628 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

General L

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any rronswns as to pergon whose Name shall have been omitted from any Register and$Appe°aa of Voters in consequence of the Decision of the Barrister who shall have revised the Lists from which such Register shall have hJB°irrU?lerCted l)ccn formed may tender his Vote at any Election at which such Register shall be in force, stating at the Time the Name or Names of the Candidate or Candidates for whom he tenders such Vote, and the Returning Officer or his Deputy shall not admit and allow such Vote, but shall enter upon the Poll Book every Vote so tendered, distinguishing the same from the Votes admitted and allowed at such Election.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in the Case of any Voter whose Qualification appearing on the Regis-, metionthof Vahic ter of V°terS in force at any such Election shall be the Occu-on Appeal, or pation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated as of the the quashing of net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards or Eight aVote^Y^at ^>oun^8 or upwards, as the Case may be, when any such Voter an Election, not shall have voted at any such Election, no subsequent Diminution of the Valuation or Rate of or on such respective Premises upon an Appeal against the Rate, and no subsequent quashing of such Rate, shall upon Petition to the House of Commons or otherwise invalidate the Vote given at such Election by such Voter who shall be so on the Register of Voters then in force as aforesaid, and shall at the Time of voting be in the Occupation of the said Premises.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Elections whatever of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, or for any City, Town, or Borough, in Ireland, holden after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, no Inquiry shall be permitted at the Time of polling as to the Right of any Person to vote, nor any Objection thereto made or received by any returning Officer or his Deputy, except only as follows; (that is to say,) that the Returning Officer or his respective Deputy shall, if required on behalf of any Candidate, put to any Voter at the Time of his tendering his Vote, and not afterwards, the following Questions, or cither of them:

1. " Are you the same Person whose Name appears as

A.B. on the Register of Voters now in force for the County of [or for the City or Town or Borough of [«$ the Case may be] ? "

2. " Have you already voted, either here or elsewhere, at

this Election for the County of [or for the City

or Town or Borough of as the Case may be] ? "

And if any Person shall wilfully make a false Answer to either of the Questions aforesaid he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall and may be indicted and punished accordingly; and the Returning Officer or his Deputy, or a Commissioner or Commissioners (whom the Returning Officer is hereby authorized, if he shall think fit, to appoint for that Purpose), shall, if required on behalf of any Candidate at the Time afore-

No Inquiry at Election, except as to Identity of Voter, and whether he has already voted.

1650.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

Cap. 69.

629

General Provisions as to Registration and Appeal.

No other Oath to be taken.

Mid, administer an Oath, or (in case of a Quaker, Moravian., or Separatist) an Affirmation, to any Voter, in the following Form:

" You do swear [or affirm, as the Case may be9-\ that you are the same Person whose Name appears as A.B. on the Register of Voters now in force for the County of [or for the City or Town or Borough

of as the Case may be\ and that you have

not before voted, either here or elsewhere, at the present Election for the County of [or for the

City or Town or Borough of as the Case

may fc].

" So help you GOD."

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That, save as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to require any Voter at any Election whatever of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament kolden after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to take any Oath or Affirmation, either in proof of his Freehold, Occupation, or of his Residence, Age, or other Qualification or Right to vote, or of his Qualification continuing, or of his not ow ing any Cesses, Rates, or Taxes whatsoever, any Law or Statute, local or general, to the contrary notwithstanding, nor to reject any Vote tendered at such Election by any Person whose Name shall be upon the Register of Voters in force for the Time being, except by reason of its appearing to the Returning Officer or his Deputy, upon putting such Questions as aforesaid or either of them, that the Person so claiming to vote is not the same Person whose Name appears on such Register as aforesaid, or that he had previously voted at the same Election, or except by reason of such Person refusing to answer the said Questions or either of them, or to take the said Oath or make the said Affirmation, or to take or make the Oath or Affirmation against Bribery; and no Scrutiny shall hereafter be allowed by or before any Returning Officer with regard to any Vote given or tendered at any such Election, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. And be it enacted, That if at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City,

Town, or Borough in Ireland holden at any Time after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one any Person shall knowingly personate and falsely assume ^mor* M s to vote in the Name of any other Person registered under the Provisions of the said recited Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, or whose Name appears on the Register of Voters then in force for any such County, City, Town, or Borough, whether such other Person shall then be living or dead, or if the Name of the said other Person be the Name of a fictitious Person, every such Person shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and on being convicted thereof shall be punished by Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding Two Years, together with hard Labour.

R r 4 XCI. And

Clauses as to Personation.

Persons personating Voters

Aiders and Abettors punishable as Principals.

Agents to detect Personation may be appointed.

Persons charged with Personation of Voters may be taken into Custody;

and brought before Two Justices.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

XCI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall aid, abet, counsel, or procure the Commission of any such last-mentioned Misdemeanor shall be liable to be indicted and punished as a principal Offender.

XCII. And for the more effectual Detection of the Personar tion of Voters at Elections, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Candidate at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland holden after the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, previous to the Time fixed for taking the Poll at such Election, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Agents in his Behalf, to attend at each or any of the Booths appointed for taking the Poll at such Election, for the Purpose of detecting Personation; and such Candidate shall give Notice in Writing to the Returning Officer or his respective Deputy of the Name and Address of the Person or Persons so appointed by him to act as Agents for such Purpose, and thereupon it shall be lawful for every such Agent to attend, during the Time of polling, at the Booth or Booths for which he shall have been so appointed.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if at the Time any Person tenders his Vote at such Election, or after he has voted, and before he leaves the Polling Booth, any such Agent so appointed as aforesaid shall declare to the Returning Officer or his respective Deputy presiding therein, that he verily believes, and undertakes to prove, that the said Person so voting is not in fact the Person in whose Name he assumes to vote, or to the like Effect, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Returning Officer or his said Deputy, and he is hereby required, immediately after such Person shall have voted, by Word of Mouth to order any Constable or other Peace Officer to take the said Person so voting into his Custody, which said Order shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the said Constable or Peace Officer for so doing: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to authorize any Returning Officer or his Deputy to reject the Vote of any Person who shall answer in the Affirmative the Questions authorized by this Act to be put to him at the Time of polling, and shall take the Oaths or make the Affirmations authorized and required of him, but the said Returning Officer or his Deputy shall cause the Words " Protested against for Personation" to be placed against the Vote of the Person so charged with Personation when entered in the Poll Book.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That every such Constable or Peace Officer shall take the Person so in his Custody, at the earliest convenient Time, before some Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, City, Town, or Borough within which the said Person shall have so voted as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case the Attendance of Two such Justices as aforesaid cannot be procured within the Space of Three Hours after the Close of the Poll on, the same Day on

which

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. ' 631

which such Person shall have been so taken into Custody, it Clause* at t *

shall be lawful for the said Constable or Peace Officer, and

he is hereby required, at the Bequest of such Person so in his

Custody, to take him before any One Justice of the Peace

acting as aforesaid; and such Justice is hereby authorized

and required to liberate such Person, on his entering into a

Recognizance, with One sufficient Surety, conditioned to appear

before any Two such Justices as aforesaid, at a Time and Plaec

to be specified in such Recognizance, to answer the said

Charge; and if no such Justice shall be found within Four

Honrs after the dosing of the said Poll, then such Person shall forthwith be discharged from Custody: Provided also, that if,

in consequence of the Absence of such Justices as aforesaid,

or from any other Cause, the said Charge cannot be inquired

into within the Time aforesaid, it shall be lawful nevertheless

for any Two such Justices as aforesaid to inquire into the same

on the next or on some other subsequent Day, and, if necessary,

to issue their Warrant for the Apprehension of the Person so

charged.

XCV. And be it enacted, That if on the Hearing of the said Offenders may Charge the said Two Justices shall be satisfied, upon the Evi- be committed dence on Oath of not less than Two credible Witnesses, that forlrlal* the said Person so brought before them has knowingly personated and falsely assumed to vote in the Name of some other Person within the Meaning of this Act, and is not in fact the Person in whose Name he voted, then it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices to commit the said Offender to the Gaol of the County, City, Town, or Borough within which the Offence was committed, to take his Trial according to Law, and to bind over the Witnesses in their respective Recognizances to appear and give Evidence on such Trial, as in the Case of other Misdemeanors.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That if the said Justices shall, Justice* may on the Hearing of the said Charge, be satisfied that the said awa^i^ Person so charged with Personation is really and in truth the p^ns un-Person in whose Name he voted, and that the Charge of Per- justly charged, sonation has been made against him without reasonable or just Cause, or if the Agent so declaring as aforesaid, or some one on his Behalf, shall not appear to support such Charge before the said Justices, then it shall be lawful for the said Justices and they are hereby required to make an Order in Writing under their Hands on the said Agent so declaring as aforesaid to pay to the said Person so falsely charged, if he shall consent to accept the same, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds by way of Damages and Costs; and if the said Sum shall not be paid within Twenty-four Hours after such Order shall have been made, then the same shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace acting as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Agent; and in case no sufficient Goods or Chattels of the said Agent can be

found

Clause, tn* t* Personation,

Power to provide a sufficient Attendance of Constables at Polling Places.

puty of Returning Officer when Vote has been received, and another Party tenders in respect of the same Qualification.

Clause* as to Custody of Poll Booh*,

Provision for Custody of Poll Books. '

Cap. 60. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

found on which such Levy can be made, then the same shall be levied in like Manner on the Goods and Chattels of the Candidate by whom such Agent was so appointed to act; and in case the said Sum shall not be paid or levied in the Maimer aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Person to whom the said Sum of Money was so ordered to be paid to recover the same from the said Agent or Candidate by Civil Bill, or, with full Costs of Suit, in an Action of Debt to be brought in any One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Dublin: Provided always, that if the Person so falsely charged shall have declared to the said Justices his Consent to acoept such Sum as aforesaid by way of Damages and Costs, and if the whole Amount of the Sum so ordered to be paid shall have been paid or tendered to such Person, in every such Case, but not otherwise, the said Agent, Candidate, and every other Person shall be released from all Actions or other Proceedings, civil or criminal, for or in respect of the said Charge and Apprehension*;

XCVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the High Sheriff of any County, and for the Mayor or Returning Officer of any City, Town, or Borough, and he and they are hereby required, for the Purposes aforesaid, to provide a sufficient Attendance of Constables or Peace Officers in each Booth at the different Polling Places within their respective Counties, Cities, Towns, or Boroughs.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Vote of any Person shall have been received, and any other Person shall afterwards tender his Vote as being registered in respect of the same Qualification, stating at the Time the Name or Names of the Candidate or Candidates for whom he tenders such Vote, the Returning Officer or his Deputy shall hot admit or allow such Vote, but shall enter upon the Poll Book every Vote .so tendered, distinguishing the same from the Votes admitted and allowed at such Election; provided such Person shall, at any Election holden on or before the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, take the Oath now by Law to be administered, or at any Election holden after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one duly answer the Questions or take the Oath hereinbefore authorized to be put to any Voter at the Time of tendering his Vote.

XCIX. And whereas it is expedient to make better Provision than that now by Law made for the safe Custody and (Production of the Poll Books at Elections subsequent to the final Close of the Poll Be it therefore enacted, That at every contested Election of the Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, or for any City, Town, or Borough, in Ireland, holden after the Commencement of this Act, the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Returning Officer, after having declared the State of the Poll and made Proclamation of the

Member

633

Member or Members chosen to serve in Parliament, shall, any- Clauses as to thing in any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland to the contrary Custody notwithstanding, forthwith enclose and seal np the several Poll Bookg '

Books, and tender the same to each of the Candidates to be sealed by them respectively; and in case any Candidate shall neglect or refuse to seal the same, the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Returning Officer shall thereupon endorse on One of the said Poll Books the Fact of such Neglect or Refusal; and every such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Returning Officer shall, by himself or his Agent, as soon as possible after such Proclamation as aforesaid, deliver the same Poll Books, so sealed as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or his Deputy, or deliver the same, directed to the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, to the Postmaster or Deputy Postmaster of the City, Town, or Place wherein such Proclamation shall have been made as aforesaid, who on Receipt thereof shall give an Acknowledgment in Writing of such Receipt to such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Returning Officer, expressing therein the Time of such Delivery, and shall keep a Duplicate of such Acknowledgment, signed by such Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Returning Officer; and the said Postmaster or Deputy Postmaster shall despatch all such Poll Books, so sealed and directed as aforesaid, by the first Post or Mail after the Receipt thereof, to the General Post Office in Dublin; and the Postmaster or Postmaster General are hereby directed, immediately on the Receipt of such Poll Books, to convey the same to the Crown and Hanaper Office, and to deliver the same there, so sealed as aforesaid, to the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, or his Deputy; and the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, or his Deputy, is hereby required to give to such Postmaster or Postmaster General,

Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Returning] Officer, or Agent delivering the same, a Memorandum in Writing acknowledging the Receipt of such Poll Books, and setting forth the Day and Hour when the same were delivered at the Crown and Hanaper Office; and the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, or his Deputy, is hereby required, immediately on Receipt of such Poll Books, to register the same in the Books of the said Crown and Hanaper Office, and to endorse thereon the Day and Hour upon which he received the same; and every such Sheriff,

Under Sheriff or Returning Officer is hereby required, at the Time of transmitting such Poll Books as aforesaid through the Post Office, to address and forward a Letter by the same Post or Mail to the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, informing him of such Transmission, and giving the Number and Description of such Poll Books so transmitted.

C. And be it enacted, That Office Copies issued by the said Office Copies Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, or his Deputy, of such Poll Evidence. Books, shall be received and taken in Evidence in all Courts of Law in Actions for Bribery or Personation, or for any other Purpose whatsoever.

634

Clauses as to Custody of Poll Books,

Clerk of Crown and Hanaper shall keep Poll Books;

and produce them before Committee of House of Commons, when required.

Officers liable to Action for Breach of Duty.

Miscellaneous Provisions.

Powers of Select Committee of House of Commons on Petition in respect of Uight of voting *

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voter* (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

Cl. And be it enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper shall keep and preserve the said several Poll Books, and shall deliver to any Party applying for the same an Office Copy of all or any Part of such Poll Books, on Payment of a reasonable Charge for writing the same, and shall also permit any Party to inspect such Poll Books.

CXI. And be it enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper shall, upon receiving a Warrant signed by the Chairman of any Committee of the House of Commons appointed for the Trial of controverted Elections, produce by himself or his Agent before such Committee the said several Books so deposited with him as aforesad; and such Production shall be sufficient primd facie Proof of the Authenticity of the said Poll Books: Provided always, that in case of the temporary Absence or Sickness of the Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, his Chief Assistant in his Office shall and may be authorized to act in his Place for the Purposes of this Act.

CIII. And be it enacted, That every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, Clerk of the Union, High Constable, Returning Officer, Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, Postmaster, or other Person or public Officer required by this Act to do any Matter or Thing, shall for every wilful Misfeasance or wilful Act of Commission or Omission contrary to this Act forfeit to any Party aggrieved the penal Sum of One hundred Pounds, or such less Sum as the Jury before whom may be tried any Action to be brought for the Recovery of the before-mentioned Sum shall consider just to be paid to such Party, to be recovered by such Party, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to supersede any Remedy or Action against any Returning Officer according to any Law now in force.

C1Y. And be it enacted, That upon Petition to the House of Commons complaining of any undue Election or Return of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland after the said Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, it shall and may be lawful for the Select Committee appointed for the Trial of such Petition to inquire into and decide upon the Right to vote of any Person who, bcin<* upon the Register of Voters in force at the Time of such Election, shall have voted in such Election, or, not being upon such Register, shall have tendered his Vote at such Election, in case the Name of such Person shall have been specially retained upon such Register, or inserted therein, or expunged or omitted therefrom, by the express Decision of the Assistant Barrister who shall have revised the Lists of Voters from which such Register shall have been formed; and also that it shall and may be lawful for such Committee to inquire into and decide upon the Right to vote of any Person who, being upon such Register, shall have voted in such Election, so for as the same may be

disputed

1850. Parliamentary Voter* (Ireland)* Cap. 69.

disputed on the Ground of legal Incapacity at the Time of his voting under and by virtue of any Statute now or hereafter to be in force, or on the Ground of any other legal Incapacity at the Time of his voting which may have arisen subsequently to the Expiration of the Time allowed for making out the List of Voters from which the Register of Voters in force at the Time of such Election shall have been formed; but that, except in such Cases or on such Grounds as aforesaid, the Register of Voters in force at the Time of such Election shall, so far as regards the Proceedings before such Committee, be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, as to the Right to vote in such Election of every Person who shall be upon such Register.

CV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Select Committee, in such Cases or on such Grounds, to alter the Poll taken at such Election, according to the Truth of the Case; and that they shall report the Determination thereupon to the House, and the House shall thereupon carry such Determination into effect, and the Return shall be amended or the Election declared void, as the Case may be, and the Register corrected accordingly; or such other Order shall be made as to the House may seem proper.

CYI. And be it enacted, That in any such City, Town, or Borough in which there shall be no Town Clerk all Matters by this Act required to be done by or in regard to the Town Clerk shall be done by and with regard to the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners (if any) elected in such City, Town, or Borough under the said herein-before mentioned Act of the Ninth Year of Bang George the Fourth, and in case there shall be no such Commissioners then by and with regard to the High Constable or Collector of Grand Jury Cess for such City, Town, or Borough, if there shall be a separate Collector of such Cess for the same, or if there be not such separate Collector, then by and with regard to the High Constable or Collector of such Cess for the Barony in which such City, Town, or Borough, or the larger Part of the same, is situate, until there shall be a Town Clerk in any such City, Town, or Borough; and in such respective Cases all and every the Provisions of this Act shall apply and extend to such Clerks of such Commissioners, or to such High Constable or Collector of Cess, as the Case may be, as fully as to any Town Clerk; and the Expression " Town Clerk " in this Act and the Schedules thereto shall in such Cases be deemed to include any such Clerk of the Commissioners or High Constable or Collector: Provided always, that in the Borough of Galway all Matters by this Act required to be done by or in regard to the Town Clerk shall be done by and with regard to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting in execution of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for regulating and improving the Town of Galway in the County

635

Miteenaneou* Provisions.

Select Committee may correct Poll and Register in certain Cases.

Who shall discharge Duty of Town Clerk when there is no such Officer in any Borough.

In Galway all Matters required to be done, Sc. by the Town Clerk shall be done, &c. by the Clerk of the Commissioners acting under 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 117.

AfiseeBaneous

Provision*.

Poor Law

(Aiinmissionen to cause the Names of Baronies in which Townlands are situate to be inserted in Rate Books.

Hate Books, or compared Copies thereof, to be primA facie Evidence.

Collector of Poor Rates, or Deputy, &cM shall attend to receive Poor Rates.

Clip. 6ft Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vld*.

of the same Town, until there shall be a Town Clerk therein, and all and every the Provisions of this Act shall apply and extend to such Clerk of the Galway Town Commissioners as fully as to any Town Clerk.

CVII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of facilitating the Formation of the Register of Electors according to the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland shall, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, cause the Name of the Barony or Half Barony within which any Townland is situate to be attached to the Name of such Townland in the existing Rate Books of each Union, and in all future Bate Books shall cause the Name of each Barony or Half Barony to be attached to the Name of each Townland in such Barony where such Townland is mentioned in such Rate Books.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of this Act the said Rate Books, or a compared Copy thereof or of any Part thereof, shall be primd facie Evidence of the several Matters entered or stated therein, but that it shall be lawful for any Person who shall have duly served a Notice of Claim or Objection pursuant to the Provisions herein-before contained to prove by Evidence that any of the Entries or Statements therein is untrue or incorrect, except the Statements or Entries in such Rate Books of the Value of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as to which the same are hereby declared to be conclusive for the Purposes of this Act.

CIX. And be it enacted, That the respective Collector of Poor Rates shall attend in Person, or by a sufficient Deputy duly appointed by him by Writing under his Hand, at some Place in each Barony (of which he shall give public Notice) within the Union or Part of the Union whereof he is Collector, during the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and during the Three next preceding Days, exclusive of Sunday, and in each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one during the First Day of July (not being Sunday), and during the Three next preceding Days, exclusive of Sunday, or if the First Day of July be Sunday then during the Four next preceding Days in each such Year, for the Purpose of giving Receipts for Poor Rate to any Persons requiring the same, and paying the Amount of Poor Rate then payable by them; and the respective Collector of Poor Rate or a sufficient Deputy for him as aforesaid shall in like Manner attend at a Place (of which he shall give public Notice) in every such City, Town, or Borough as aforesaid within the Union or Part of the Union of which he is Collector, during the like Days as before provided in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and (as regards each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one) during the First Day of July (not being Sunday), and during the Three next preceding Days, exclusive of Sunday, or if the First Day of July be Sunday then during the Four next preceding Days

in

Cap. 69l

in each Year for the like Purpose; and if any such Collector of Poor Rates shall not return to the Clerk of the respective Union the Names and Descriptions of the Persons who shall have paid their Poor Rates, and a Statement of the Sums respectively paid by them, within the Space of Two Days after the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or the First Day of July in any Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or if any such Collector shall neglect or refuse to give his Assistance to the Clerk of the respective Union as by this Act required in or for the making out the Ketum or List of rated Occupiers or the Copy of the Register in any Year for the Purposes of this Act, or shall wilfully and without reasonable Cause give any false Information which may lead to the Omission of, or the entering of an Objection to the Name of any Person entitled to be inserted in such List, or to the Insertion of the Name of any Person not entitled to be inserted therein, such Collector shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered summarily before any Justice of the Peace, and levied by Distress.

CX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall occupy any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland at a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, in any Electoral Division in any County, or Eight Pounds or upwards in any City, Town, or Borough in Ireland, in which there shall be a Rate for the Relief of the destitute Poor, and whose Name shall have been omitted from such Rate, to present to the Guardians of the Union a Claim to be rated in respect of such Premises, and such Claim shall be in Writing, and signed with his Name; and upon such Occupier so claiming, and actually paying or tendering the full Amount of the Rate or Rates (if any) then due in respect of each Premises, the Guardians of the Union shall insert the Name of such Occupier in such Rate in respect of such Premises as aforesaid; and in case such Guardians shall neglect or refuse so to do such Occupier shall, for the Purposes of tins Act, be deemed to have been rated in respect of such Premises in the Rate in respect of which he shall have claimed to be rated as aforesaid.

CXL. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to be registered in any Year as a Voter in the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town, or Borough in Ireland who shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next previous to the Ninth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty (as regards the Register for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), or the Twentieth Day of July of the current Year (as regards each Year after One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one), have received Relief under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

CXII. ' And

637

Penalty for not mailing Return of Payments, and for other Offences.

Occupiers of Land or Premises rallied at 12Z. in Counties, or 81. in Towns, may claim to be rated.

No Person entitled to be registered who has received Relief under Acts for Relief of destitute Poor.

MiseeUaveous

Provisions.

H<nr Distances to be measured in respect of Boroughs.

Notices of Objections may be sent by Post.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

CXII. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the proper 1 Mode of measuring the Distance of Seven Statute Miles in the said Act to amend the Representation of the People of ' Ireland mentioned, and therein prescribed as to the Resin dence of Voters for Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in certain Cases: Be it therefore enacted, That the said Distance shall be measured in a straight Line from the same Place within any such City, Town, or Borough from which such Distance is to be measured according to the Directions in that Behalf in the said Act: Provided always, that in Cases where there is now or shall hereafter be a Map of any such City, Town, or Borough, and of the County or Counties surrounding the same, sufficiently extensive for the Purpose, drawn or published under the Authority and Direction of the principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance, such Distance shall be measured and determined by the said Map.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be sufficient in every Case of Notice to any Person objected to in any List of County, City, Town, or Borough Voters, and also, in the Case of County Voters, to the occupying Tenant whose Name and Place of Abode appears in such respective List as aforesaid, if the Notice so required to be given as aforesaid shall be sent by the Post, free of Postage, or the Sum chargeable as Postage for the same being first paid, directed to the Person to whom the same shall be sent, at his Place of Abode as described in the said List of Voters; and whenever any Person shall be desirous of sending any such Notice of Objection by the Post he shall deliver the same, duly directed, open, and in Duplicate, to the Postmaster of any Post Office where Money Orders are received or paid, within such Hours as shall have been previously given Notice of at such Post Office, and under such Regulations with respect to the Registration of such Letters and the Fee to be paid for such Registration, which Fee shall in no Case exceed Two-pence over and above the ordinary Rate of Postage, as shall from Time to Time be made by the Postmaster General in that Behalf; and in all Cases in which such Fee shall have been duly paid the Postmaster shall compare the said Notice and the Duplicate, and, on being satisfied that they are alike in their Address and in their Contents, shall forward one of them to its Address by the Post, and shall return the other to the Party bringing the same, duly stamped with the Stamp of the said Post Office; and the Production by the Party who posted such Notice of such stamped Duplicate shall be Evidence of the Notice having been given to the Person at the Place mentioned in such Duplicate on the Day on which such Notice would in the ordinary Course of Post have been delivered to such Place: Provided always, that if no Place of Abode of the Person objected to shall be described in the said List, or if such Place of Abode shall be situate out of the United Kingdom, then it shall be sufficient if Notice

shall

639

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

shall be given to the Clerk of the Peace, and to such occupying Tenant as aforesaid (if any) in the Case of a County Voter, or in the Case of a City, Town, or Borough Voter to the Town Clgrk.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Notice is by this Act required to be given or sent to the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk or Clerks of the Union or Unions, it shall be sufficient if such Notice shall be left at his Place of Abode, or at his Office or other Place for transacting Business, or shall be sent by the Post free of Postage, or the Postage thereof being first paid, addressed to the Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk or Clerks of the Union or Unions; and that whenever by this Act any Notice is required to be given or sent to any Person or Persons whatsoever, or public Officer, it shall be sufficient if such Notice be sent by the Post in the Manner and subject to the Regulations herein-before provided with respect to sending Notices of Objection by the Post free of Postage, or the Postage thereof being first paid, addressed with a sufficient Direction to the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be given or sent, at his or their usual Place of Abode.

CXV. And be it enacted, That no Misnomer or inaccurate Description of any Person, Place, or Thing named or described in any Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any Rate, List, or Copy of Register of Voters, or in any Notice required by this Act, shall in anywise prevent or abridge the Operation of this Act with respect to such Person, Place, or Thing, provided that such Person, Place, or Thing shall be so denominated in such Schedule, Rate, List, Copy of Register, or Notice as to be commonly understood.

CXVI. ' And whereas by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act (for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, it is enacted, that when-

ever the net annual Value of the whole of the rateable Hereditaments in any Union occupied by any Person or Persons f having no greater Estate or Interest therein than a Tenancy

from Year to Year, or holding under Lease or Agreement,

Leases or Agreements, made after the passing of the said ' Act, shall not exceed ' Four Pounds, or in any Electoral ' Division situated wholly or in part in any of the Boroughs ' named in the Schedule annexed to the said Act shall not exceed Eight Pounds, the Rate in respect of such Property ' shall after the passing of the said Act be made on the imme-

diate Lessor or Lessors of such Person or Persons; and if at ' the Time of making any Rate the Name of the immediate ' Lessor be not accurately known to the Persons making the

Rate, it shall be sufficient to describe him therein as " the ' immediate Lessor," with or without any Name or further 1 Addition, and such Rate shall be held to be duly made on i him by such Description, and shall be recoverable from him

Miscellaneous Provisions.

Other Notices, how sent.

Errors and Misdescriptions not to prevent Operation of Act, &c.

Certain Provisions of 6 & 7 Vict. c. 9 repealed as to certain Boroughs.

MlsceUanetuM Provisions.

Where Premises in certain Boroughs are rated at a Value under 8&, the Rate is to be made on the immediate Lessors.

Interpretation of Terms.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

6 accordingly, notwithstanding any Error or Defect in his Name or Description, or the entire Omission of his Name ' therein: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Pro-6 vision, so far as the same relates to the Boroughs named in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, and no further, and to ' substitute another Provision in lieu thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said recited Provision as relates to the said Boroughs, or any of them, named in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Rate made or any Matter or Thing done before the passing of this Act, or as to any Remedy or Proceeding for or relating to any Rate, Matter, or Thing made or done before the passing of tins Act; and that whenever, from and after the passing of this Act, the net annual Value of the whole of the rateable Hereditaments in any Electoral Division situated wholly or in part in any of the Boroughs of Dublin, Cork, Limerick, Belfast, or Waterford, occupied by any Person or Persons having no greater Estate or Interest therein than a Tenancy from Year to Year, or holding under a Lease or Agreement, Leases or Agreements, made after the passing of the said last-recited Act, shall be rated for the Poor Rate under the Value of Eight Pounds, the Rate in respect of such Property shall after the passing of this Act be made on the immediate Lessor or Lessors of such Person or Persons; and if at the Time of making any such Rate the Name of the immediate Lessor be not accurately known to the Persons making the Rate, it shall be sufficient to describe him therein as cc the immediate Lessor," with or without any Name or further Addition, and such Rate shall be held to be duly made on him by such Description, and shall be recoverable from him accordingly, notwithstanding any Error or Defect in his Name or Description, or the entire Omission of his Name therein.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That in this Act and the Schedules thereto annexed, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Words " Clerk of the Peace " shall be construed to include the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or other Person for the Time being acting for him, and having the Custody of Records relating to the Registry of Parliamentary Voters; and the Words " Assistant Barrister" shall apply to and include the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace for the County of Dublin and his Deputy, or any Barrister duly appointed as Deputy for an Assistant barrister; the Word " County " shall include a Riding of a County; and the Words County of a City," or " County of a Town," or " City," or " Town," or " Borough," respectively, shall include all Places situate within the Parliamentary Boundaries of such City or Town or Borough, and none other; the Words " City " or " Town " shall respectively include County of a City or County of a Town; the Expression " High Constable " shall include " Collector of Grand Jury Cess or County Cess; and the

1860. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 641

the Word u Town Clerk " shall include the Deputy of a Town Mi*oeOan*ou* Clerk duly appointed and acting in that Behalf; and the Word Provision*.

" Barony " shall be construed to include a Half Barony, and any separate Portion of a Barony or Half Barony in a County; and the Expression " Poor Rate " shall be construed to mean a Bate made for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland under the said Act of the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, or any Act or Acts amending the same; the Expression " last Raten shall be construed to mean the last Poor Kate for the Time being for the Union or Electoral Division made relating to the respective Premises; the Word Cf Oath " shall include Affirmation, where by Law such Affirmation is required or allowed to be taken in place of an Oath; the Expression " Register for the Year" (specifying a Year) shall be deemed to refer to the Register of Voters revised at the Revision Courts in such specified Year; the Expression w succeeding Year" shall be deemed to refer to a Year subsequent to the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and, be applied to several Persons and Things as well as one Person or Hung; and every Word importing the Plural Number shall extend and be applied to one Person or Thing as well as several Persons or Things.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be deemed Part of this Act. of AcU art

CXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Act not to ex-ahall extend to the Borough of the University of Dublin. tfnd

° J sity of Dublin.

CXX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or A't be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) FORMS FOR COUNTIES.

No. 1.

County of Barony of

List of Persons registered within Eight Years previous to the Sixteenth Day of March next (under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter 88., intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland, ") in respect of Property situate wholly or in part within the Barony of, as Voters in

the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County

642 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

of (except all Persons registered under the said Act in respect of any Qualification heretofore requiring the Elector to be or to have been in the actual Occupation of the Premises).

Margin for entering Clerk of Peace's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Person registered at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Townland or Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, and the Name of the Tenant (if any); or if the Qualification consist of a Rent-charge, then the Name of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent-charge is issuing, or some of them, and the Situation of the Property. Date of Registry under the 2 & 3 W. 4. C. 88.

Dated this Day of 1850.

(Signed) A.B. Clerk of the Peace of the County of

Note. — This Form to be used only in the Tear 1850.

No. 2.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union in the

Year 1850.

County of To the Clerk of the Union of

Barony of J

Ik pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 13th and 14th Victoria, c. I require your Attention to the following Instructions:—

On or before the Tenth Day of October in the Year 1850 you are to make out and transmit to me, the Clerk of the Peace of the County of at my Office at in the said County, a Return for the Barony

of in this County, or if the whole of the said Barony is not

situate within your Union, then a Return for that Part or Division of the said Barony which is situate within your Union, which Return is to contain a List of every Male Person of full Age who shall be rated in the then

Note. — This Precept to be sent to the Clerk of the Union which contains the whole of each Barony, or (if a Barony be divided so as to lie in more than One Union) then to the Clerk of each Union which contains a Part or Division of such Barony.

last

1850, Parliamentary Voters \Ireland). Cap. 69. 643

last Rate made under the Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland as the Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate in the said Barony, or such Division of the said Barony as is situate within your Union, of a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards; but you are to exclude nevertheless from such Return every such Occupier who shall not on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in this Year have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously to the Thirty-first Day of March last; and such Return shall be in the Form and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in the Form (Number 4.) herewith sent.

After due Inquiry, which you are required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates in or for the said Barony or the said Division of such Barony (and which Assistance such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give for such Purpose), you shall and are required to add, with a Stamp or in Writing, in the Margin of such Return the Word " objected" to the Name of any Person inserted in such Return, in case you shall have reasonable Cause to believe such Person not to be, or to have ceased to be. Occupier as aforesaid of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect of which he shall have been so rated, or not to have been such Occupier during the whole Period from the Ninth Day of November in the last preceding Year to the Time of your making out such Return; and in like Manner you shall also add the Word " objected " or " dead " before the Name of any Person in such Return, if you shall have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register of Voters to be made in this Year for the said County, or is dead, as the Case may be.

Such Return shall be signed by you, and shall be verified by you as true and correct, according to the best of your Belief, by an Oath to be taken or made by you before some Justice of the Peace for the said County within which such Lands are situate, or the County in which your Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any such Justice is authorized and required to administer, and such Justice is, under his Hand, to certify at the Foot of such Return the taking of such Oath.

You are to transmit the said Return so verified to me at my Office as aforesaid on or before the Tenth Day of October in this Year.

You, or a sufficient Deputy, appointed by you, are or is to attend the Court to be holden by the Assistant Barrister [or Chairman of the Sessions] for the County of in which the said Barony lies (of the Time and Place of holding which Notice will be sent to you), and there to have for the Inspection of the Assistant Barrister [or Chairman, tfc.y as the Case may be, "] holding such Court the Rate Books or Copies of Parts thereof relating to Premises within such Barony or such Division thereof, as the Case may be.

Herein if you fail you will be liable to the Penalties in that Case provided. Given under my Hand, this Day of

A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace for the County of

Ss 3

644 Cap. 69.' Parliamentary Voter» (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

No. 3.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Clerk of the Union in every Year after the Year 1851.

County of \ To the Clerk of the Union of

Barony of C

In pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 13 & 14 Victoria, c. I require your Attention to the following Instructions:

On or before the [Eighth Day of July] in the present Year you are required to make out and transmit to me, the Cleric of the Peace of the County of at my Office at in the said County,

the Copy of the Register of Voters herewith sent to you for the Barony of in the said County, or if the whole of the said Barony is

not situate within your Union, then such Copy of the Register for that Part or Division of the said Barony which is situate within your Union respectively, to be prepared and dealt with in manner following; that is to say,

On or before the Eighth Day of July aforesaid, after due Inquiry, which you are required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector or Collectors of Poor Rates (which Assistance such Collector or Collectors is and are required to give), you shall, upon the Copy of the Register of the said Barony or Division of the said Barony included within your Union, transmitted to you herewith, enter Objections to the Names of Persons now on such Copy of Register who are not entitled to be on the Register next to be made, in manner following; that is to ^y, you shall add, with a Stamp or in Writing, in the Margin the Word "objected" or "dead" (as the Case may be), before the Name of any Person whose Qualification as stated on such Copy of Register is as rated Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards; firstly, if such Person shall not have been rated in the then last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor as the Occupier of the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in such Copy of Register mentioned of a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, or, secondly, if such Person shall not on before the [First Day of July] in this present Year have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the [First Day of January] last; or, thirdly, if you shall have reasonable Cause to believe such Person not to be or to have ceased to be Occupier as aforesaid, or not to have been such Occupier during the whole Period from the [Twentieth Day of July] in the last preceding Year to the Time of your preparing the Copy of Register; or, fourthly, if you shall have reasonable Cause to believe such Person for any other Cause not to be entitled to have his Name on the Register of Voters then next to be made for such County, or to be dead, as the Case may be.

Such Copy of Register shall be signed by you, and shall be verified by you as true and correct, according to the best of your Belief, by an

Note. — This Precept to be sent to the Clerk of the Union which contains the whole of each Barony, or (if a Barony be divided so as to lie in more than One Union) then to the Clerk of each Union which contains a Part or Division of such Barony.

Oath

1850r Particementary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 645

Oath to be taken or made by you before some Justice of the Peace for the said County within which such Lands are situate, or the County in which your Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any such Justice is authorized and required to administer, and to certify at the Foot of such Copy of Register the taking of such Oath.f See Note (b) underneath.

You are also to make out, and, together with such Copy of Register for the said Barony or Division of the said Barony, transmit to me, a Supplemental List of every Male Person of full Age not appearing already on such Copy of Register who shall be rated in the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor as the Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within your Union, and in the said Barony, or in your Division of the said Barony, as the Case may be, of a net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards; but you are to exclude nevertheless from such Supplemental List every such Occupier who shall not, on or before the First Day of July in this Year, have paid all Poor Rates (if any) which shall have become payable by him in respect of such Premises previously to the First Day of January last; and you are required, after due Inquiry, which you are required to make, with the Assistance of the respective Collector of Poor Rates as aforesaid, to enter Objections, by adding in the Margin the Word u objected" or " dead," as the Case may be, before the Names of Persons in such Supplemental List contained, ami not entitled to be on the Register next to be made, in like Manner in all respects as herein-before directed and required with regard to the Copy of Register of such Barony or Division of a Barony, and the Names therein contained; and such Supplemental List shall be in the Form and shall contain the Particulars mentioned in the Form (Number 15.) herewith sent; and such List shall be signed by you, $nd shall be verified by you as true and correct, according to the best of your Belief, by an Oath to be taken or made by you before some Justice of the Peace for the said County within which such Lands are situate, or the County in which your Union Workhouse is situate, and which Oath any such Justice is authorized and required to administer, and to certify at the Foot of such List die taking of such Oath.

You are to return the said Copy of Register for the said Barony, or your Division of the said Barony, with all such marginal Additions as aforesaid so verified, and also therewith to transmit the said Supplemental List for the said Barony, or for your Division of the said Barony, with all such marginal Additions thereto as aforesaid so verified, to me, the Clerk of the Peace, at my Office as aforesaid, on or before the Eighth Day of July in this Year.

You are required to allow to any Person on the Lists of Voters of the County Inspection of the Rate Books, and to make Extracts therefrom during the Periods prescribed by the Statute.

f Note (6). — If the Barony is divided so as to lie in more than One Union, each Clerk of a Union in which any such Division of a Barony lies is to deal with the Copy of the Register and the Names of Persons and Premises contained therein (so far as relates to such Division only of such Barony) in like Manner in all respects as required in the Case of a Barony not divided, save that he is to deal only with what relates to his own Division of the Barony; in like Manner he is to make out the Supplemental List only for his own Division of the Barony.

646 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

You are required to notify to the respective 'Collectors or their Deputies to attend at a Place in each Barony, on the Days appointed by the Statute for receiving Payment of Poor Rates, and to give public Notice of such Days and Places, and also to require them to return to you Lists of such Payments as required by the Statute, subject to the Penalties therein.

x ou, or a sufficient Deputy, to be appointed by you, are or is to attend the Court to be holden by the Assistant Barrister [or Chairman of the Sessions] for the County of in which the said Barony lies (of the Time and Place of holding which Notice will be sent to you), and there to have for the Inspection of the Assistant Barrister [or Chairman] holding such Court the Rate Books or Copies of the Parts thereof relating to Premises within the said Barony, or your Division thereof.

Herein if you fail you will be liable to the Penalties in that Case provided.

Given under my Hand, this Day of

A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 4.

[To be used in the Year 4850."]

County of Barony of

Clebk of Union's Return, for the Year 1850, of Male Persons rated in the last Rate under the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor as the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, and situate in the Barony [or Division of the Barony] of being

Part of the Poor Law Union of excluding nevertheless

from this List all such Occupiers as have not on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in this Year paid all Poor Rates (if any) which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the Thirty-first Day of March last.

Column for entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections. Rated Occupier's Christian Name and Surname at full Length. Place of Abode. Townland or Denomination, and Name or Description of Premises rated. Rated Value of Premises.

I certify that this is a correct List. Dated this Day of

18 -

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Union of

Verified on Oath by the said A.B. before me, a Justice of the Peace for the County of

(Signed) C.ZX, Justice.

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69. 647

No. 5.

County of Barony of.

Supplemental List in the Year 1850.

Clerk of the Peace's Supplemental List of Male Persons rated under the last Rate under the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor as the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, and situate in the Barony of being Part of the

Poor Law Union of and all which Occupiers have, on or before the Thirtieth Day of September in this Year, paid ail Poor Rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the Thirty-first Day of March last (excepting from this List all such Persons whose Names already appear on the List of Voters registered under the Act 2 & 3 William 4. c. 88.)

Column for entering Clerk of the Union's Objections. Rated Occupier's Christian Name and Surname at full Length. Place of Abode. Townland or Denomination, and Name or Description of Premises rated. Rated Value of Premises.

I certify that this is a correct List. Dated this Day of July

18 .

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace of the County of

No. 6.

Notice to he given in the Year 1850 by the Clerk of the Peace, as to

Claims to vote.

County of

I hereby give Notice, That all Persons entitled, by virtue of any Registration under an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter 88., intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland," or otherwise, to be put on the Register and vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of in respect of any Property situate

wholly or in part within any Barony of this County, who shall not be either upon the List of Voters registered under the said Act, or upon the Supplemental List for such respective Barony, or who, having been registered under the said Act, shall not retain the same Qualification or continue in the same Place of Abode as described in such List of registered Voters, and who are desirous to have their Names inserted in the Register about to be made under an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registration of Parliamentary Voters in Ireland, (except Persons registered under the said Act of His late Majesty's Reign in respect of any

Qualifi"

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland), 13 & 14 Vict.

Qualification requiring the Elector to be or to have been in the actual Occupation of the Premises,) are hereby required to give or send to me, at my Office, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of November in this Year, a Notice of Claim in Writing, by them signed, in which their Name and Surname at full Length, their Place of Abode, the Date of their Registry under the said Act, (if any, and if still in force,) and the Particulars of their Qualification, must be legibly written, according to the Form (No. 7.) hereunder set forth.* Any Person who is now registered (not being a Person registered in respect of a Qualification requiring actual Occupation of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments) may also make his Claim, if he thinks fit; but it is not necessary that he should do so if he has the same Qualification and Place of Abode as when registered. Persons entitled by virtue of a Qualification in respect of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (held by them in Fee or in Tail, &c.) of the rated net annual Value of Five Pounds, and being to them of the net annual Value of Five Pounds above all Charges, Taxes, &c., under the said Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, are also required to send Notices of Claim in like Manner, so far as may be.

Dated this

Day of

(Signed) of the Pea

in the Year 1850. A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace of the County of

# The Form (No. 7.) should be annexed to this Notice.

No. 7.

Form of Notice of Claim to be sent to the Clerk of the Peace* in the

Year 1850.

Barony of

To the Clerk of the Peace of the County of

I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to be inserted in the List for this Barony of Voters for the County of (*by virtue of the Registration under 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88., if the Case be so,) and that the Particulars of my Place of Abode and Qualification are stated in the Columns below. Dated the Day of in the

Year

(Signed) A.B.

Bate of Registry of Persons claiming by virtue of Registration under 2&3 Will. 4. c. 88. (if any.) Christian Name and Surname of the Claimant at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification. i Townland or Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, or Name of the occupying Tenant (if any), or if the Qualification consist of a Rent-charge, then the 1 Names of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent charge is issuing, or some | of them, and the Situation of the Property.

i

Note. — These Words within the Parentheses may be struck out if the Claim be not under a Registration as here mentioned

I85(X i - Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). - Cap. 69i 649

No. 8.

None to be given by the Clerk of the Peace in all Years after 1851,

as to Claims to vote.

County of

I hereby give Notice, That all Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the County of in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part within any Barony of this County, who shall not be on the Supplemental List of Rate-payers for such Barony, and are not upon the Register of Voters now in force (relating to such Barony), or who being upon the Register shall not retain the same Qualification or continue in the same Place of Abode as described in such Register, and who are desirous to have their Names inserted in the Register of Voters about to be made for the said County, are hereby required to give or send to me at my Office, on or before the Fourth Day of August in this Year, a Notice in Writing, by them signed, in which their Name and Surname at full Length, their Place of Abode, and the Particulars of their Qualification, must be legibly written, according to the Form (No. 9.) hereunder set forth.* Any Person who is upon the present Register may also make his Claim, if he thinks fit; but it is not necessary that he should do so if he has the same Qualification and Place of Abode as now described in the Register.

Dated this Day of in the Year

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace of the County of

Note. — The Form (No. 9.) should be annexed to this Notice.

No. 9.

Form of Notice of Claim to be given to the Clerk of the Peace in all

Years after 1851.

Barony of

To the Clerk of the Peace of the County of I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to be inserted in the List for this Barony of Voters for the County of and that the Particulars

of my Place of Abode and Qualification are stated in the Columns below. Dated the Day of in the Year

(Signed) A.B.

Christian Name and Surname of the Claimant it full Length. Place of Abode. Nature and Amount of Qualification. Townland or Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, or Name of the occupying Tenant, if any, or if the Qualification consist of a Rent-charge, then the Names of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent is issuing, or some of them, and the Situation of the Property.

Cap. 69,

Parliamentary

13 & 14 Vict.

No. 10.

1 The LiST of Persons, in the Year 18, claiming to be J entitled to vote in the Election of a Knight [or Knights] of the Shire for the County of in respect of Property situate

wholly or in part within the Barony of

County of Barony of to wit.

Margin far entering Clerk of the Peace's (Ejections. Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. Place of Abode. Date of Registration (if any) under 2 & 3 W.4. c. 88. [This Column to be inserted only in the Year 1850.] Nature and Amount of Qualification. Townland or Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, and the Name of the Tenant, if any, or if the Qualification consist of a Rent-charge, then the Names of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent is issuing; or some of them, and the Situation of the Property.

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Peace of the said County.

No. 11.

Notice of Objection to be given to the Clerk of the Peace, Barony of

To the Clerk of the Peace of the County of

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to the Name of the Person mentioned and described below being retained in the List for this Barony of Voters for the County of

Christian and Surname of the Person objected to as described in the List or Register. j Place of Abode, | as described. i Nature of Qualification as described (if registered under 2 & 3 W.4.C88. it must be so stated). Townland or Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place, where the qualifying Property is situate, &c^ as described in the List or Register.

I i

Dated the Day of in the Year (Signed) A.B. [Place of Abode.]

__ — — *

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

Cap. 69.

651

ISM.

No. 12.

NOTICE of Objection to be given to Parties objected to by any Person other than the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the Union.

Barony of

To Mr. of

Take notice. That I object to your Name [t* the Notice to the Tenant, instead of the Words " your Name," insert the Name of the Person objected to,] being retained in the List for this Barony of Voters for the County of

Dated thia Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

(Signed) A.B., of [Place of Abode,]

being now registered [or on the Register of Voters, or List of Voters, as the Case may bej\ for the County of

No. 13.

Ll8T of PERSONS objected to, in the Year 18, to be published by the

Clerk of the Peace.

County of Barony of

The following Persons have been objected to, as not being entitled to have their Names retained in the List for this Barony of Voters for the County of

Christian Name and Surname of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification (if registered under 2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 88. so state). Townland or Denomination. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, or Name of the Tenant, or, if the Qualification consist of a Rent charge, then the Names of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent is issuing, or some of them, and the Situation of the Property.

(Signed) A.B., Clerk of the Peace of the County of

No. 14.

I

o

o

o§

FT

i

i

i

County of

Barony of

o

IP

Copy of the Register (so far as relates to the Barony of Member or Members of Parliament for the County of 1st Day of December 18

) of Persons entitled to vote at any Election of a between the 30th Day of November 18 and the

Margin for entering Clerk of the Peace's Objections as to others than rated Occupiers. Margin or Column for entering Clerk of the Union'8 Objections as to rated Occupiers. Number prefixed to each Name on the Register. Christian Name and Surname of each Person on the Register, at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualifies^- tion. Amount of Qualification or Rating. Townlandor Denomination, Street, Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property, and the Name of the Tenant (if any); or if the Qualification consist of a Rent-charge, then the Name of the Owners of the Property out of which such Rent-charge is issuing, or some of them, and the Situation of the Property. Date of Registry, (in Cases where Party claims under a Registration under 2 & 3 W. 4/ c. 88.)

Dated this

Day of 18

(Signed) A.B., Clerk of the Peace of the County of

Note — This Form to be used in all Years after 18.51.

Note. — This Column to be used only in the Six Years following 1851.

fWlA. *13? 81' <p«W) *tPA fawwofllOd *69 '£)

Cap. 09.

653

.1850.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland).

No. 15.

[To be used in all Years after 1851 J]

County of Barony of

Clerk of the Union's Supplemental List, for the Year 18, of

Male Persons (not already appearing on the Copy of Register for this Barony) rated in the last Rate under the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor as the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Twelve Pounds or upwards, and situate in the Barony of, being Part of the

Poor Law Union of and all which Occupiers have, on or before the First Day of July in this Year, paid all Poor Rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments previously to the First Day of January last *

Column for entering the Clerk of the Union's Objections. Rated Occupier's Christian Name and Surname at full Length. Place of Abode. Rated Value of Premises. Townland or Denomination, Name and Description of Premises rated, Street Lane, or other like Place in this Barony, and Number of House (if any), where the Property is situate, or Name of the Property.

I certify that this is a correct List Dated this . Day of July

18

(Signed) A.B.,

Clerk of the Union of Verified on Oath by the said A.B. before me, a Justice of the Peace for the County of, this Day of

C.D.

Note. — All Persons whose Names already appear on the Copy of the Register for this Barony are to be omitted from this List

Cap. 69.

Parliamentary Voter* (Ireland). 13 tc 14 VICT.

(a) In tht Fear 1830 the 16th Day of March i$ to be inserted here instead of 1st of December.

(6) In the Year 1850 the 16th of March is to be inserted here instead of 1st of December.

SCHEDULE (B.) FORMS FOR BOROUGHS.

No. 1.

The List, for the Year 18, of Pebsons registered within

Eight Years previous to the [First Day of December] (a) next, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland," entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses of the yearly Value of Five Pounds within such City [or Town or Borough].

Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at fall Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this City [or Town or Borough] and Number of the House (if any), where Jthe Property is situate. Date of Registry.

{Clerk of the Peace of [or acting in or for] the City [or Town or Borough] of

Note. — This Form to be used in the Year 1850 and the Seven next succeeding Years, except 1851.

No. 2.

The List, for the Year 18, of all Persons (not being on the Freeman's Boll) registered within Eight Years previous to the [First Day of December] (6) next under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland," entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of in respect of any other Bight (other than the

Inhabitancy of a House of the yearly Value of Five Pounds,

or

655

9

I85Q. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

or the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds, or other than any Qualification requiring the Voter to be or to have been in actual Occupation), save that Forty Shilling Freeholders (if any registered) are to be inserted in this Listf

Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this City [or Town or Borough], and Number of the House (if any), where the Property is situate (when the Right of voting depends on Property). Date of Registry.

i i

{Clerk of the Peace of [or acting in or for] the City [or Town or Borough] of

f Note — This Form to be used in the Year 1850 and the Seren next succeeding Years, except 1851.

No. 3.

List, for the Year 18, of Persons on the Freeman's Roll for the City [or Town or Borough] of registered

within Eight Years previous to the [First Day of December] (a) next, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland," entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Town or Borough].

Christian and Surname of each Person on the Freeman's Roll at fall Length. Place of Date of

Abode. Registry.

1

C Clerk of the Peace of [or acting (Signed) A.B. in or for] the City [or Town or I Borough] of

Note. — Thu Form to be used in the Year 1850 and the Seren next succeeding Years, except 1851.

(a) hi the Year 1650 the 16th of March i» to be inserted instead of the 1st of /December.

Tt

666 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

No. 4.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Town Clerk.!

To the Town Clerk [or Clerk of the . Town Commissioners, frc. 8fc., as the Case may he] of the City [or of or in the Town or Borough] of

In pursuance of the Provisions of the Act of Parliament of the 13th Victoria, c., I require your Attention to the following Instructions:

(a) in the Year On or before the [Fifth Day of June} (a) you are to publish 4850 the foQow- a Notice, signed by you, according to the Form marked No. 5., betui^Mfir among the printed Forms herewith sent. those in this The Manner in which you are required to publish that Notice, Form; the 13th and also the Lists herein-after mentioned, is as follows; (that °^a^the 5th i to say,) you are to fix one of the printed Copies (each Copy of June, the 9th being first signed by you) in some public and conspicuous Situ-of November in- ation on the Outside of the outer Door or on the outer Wall 30th near the Door of the Town Hall, or if there should be no Town of September, in- Hall, then in some public and conspicuous Situation in this 9U°j the 3i* Town or Borough], heretofore used for posting public

°of March instead Notices, and it must remain there during a Period including of the in of Ja. Two Sundays at least.

On or before the [Twentieth Day of July] you are to make °etead of the 22d out alphabetical Lists of all Persons who shall be entitled to of July, the 25th vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] to serve in a^TofdL Ath Parliament for this City f or Town or Borough]; that is to of August, thc2d mJ9 an alphabetical List, according to the Form (num-

of December in- bered 7.) herewith sent, of all such Male Persons of full Age as etead of the iith shall appear on the List transmitted to you by the Clerk of the 42th ^DecLi Union m this Year as the rated Occupier or One of several her instead of the rated joint Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate within this City [Town or Borough] of the net annual cendJr instead of Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, (or, in the Case of joint the22d of August, Occupiers, Eight Pounds or upwards for each such joint Oocu-M«j7M of De- pier,) and also of all Persons (if any) who shall be then entitled the 25&'qfAu- to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] to serve in gust. Parliament for such City [Town or Borough] in respect of the

Inhabitancy of Houses; and another alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 8.) herewith sent, of all other Persons (except Persons on the Freemen's Boll) who shall be entitled to vote in the Election of such City [Town or Borough] by virtue of any other Bight whatsoever; and a Third alphabetical List, according to the Form (numbered 9.} herewith sent, of all Persons on the Freemen's Roll who shall be entitled to vote in the Election of such City [Town or Borough].

Note. — When there is no Town Clerk the Clerk of the Commissiooen (if any) elected in such City, Town, or Borough under the Act of the 9 G. 4. c. 8$, or if there be no such Commissioners then the Collector of Grand Jury Cess is to be substituted, and is to aet throughout in like Manner as the Town Clerk (if any) should act.

* [And

City [or Town or Borough] of in the County of

to wit

18501 Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

[And you are also in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and in each of the next succeeding Seven Years, except the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to insert in the aforesaid Lists respectively all. Persons on the several alphabetical Lists No. 1., No. 2., and No. 3., herewith *ent, to whom no Objection may apply in respect of the Nonpayment of Poor Rates by any Person on the List No. 1., or to whom no Objection may apply in respect of Nonresidence by any Person on the Lists No. 2. and 3., together with the Dates of their respective Registries under the Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter 88., each in the proper List, according to the Nature of his Franchise (except all Persons registered under the said Act in respect of the Occupation of Premises of the clear yearly Value of not less than Ten Pounds situate within such City [Town or Borough]).]

You are to omit from the first-mentioned List (marked No. 7.) all such Persons as shall not have paid, on or before the [First Day of July] then next preceding, all Poor Rates payable by them severally, if any, in respect of such Premises previously to the [First Day of January] then next preceding; and you are in like Manner to omit from the Two last-mentioned Lists (marked No. 8. and No. 9.) all such Forty Shilling Freeholders, Freemen, and others, entitled to vote by any Right to the Enjoyment of which Residence is by Law required, as shall not have resided for Six Calendar Months next previous to the said [Twentieth Day of July] in this Year within the said City [Town or Borough], or within Seven Statute Miles tf the usual Place of Election therein.

You are to add, with a Stamp or in Writing, the Word Hobjected" to the Name of any Person inserted in such first-mentioned List (marked No. 7.), in case you shall have reasonable Cause to believe such Person not to be, or to have ceased to be, Occupier or joint Occupier of the Premises in respect of which he shall have been rated, or not to have been such Occupier or joint Occupier for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next previous to such [Twentieth Day of July]; and you are in every succeeding Year after the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one to add in like Manner the Word "objected" to the Name of every Person whose Qualification appearing on the Copy of Register shall be the Occupation or joint Occupation of Premises of the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, or (in the Case of joint Occupation) Eight Pounds or upwards for each such joint Occupier, and who shall not appear in the List transmitted' to you by the Clerk of such Union in such Year; and you are also in every Year to add in like Manner the Word "objected" or "dead" before the Name of any Person contained in such Lists of Voters or Copy

* Note.* — This following Paragraph is to inserted only in the Teat 1850 and each of the next succeeding Sevjm Years, except 1851.

, T t 2 of

657

658 Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 &14 VICT.

of Register delivered to you by the Clerk of the Peace as 1:

aforesaid, if you have reasonable Cause to believe that such Person is not entitled to have his Name on the Register then I next to be made, or is dead, as the Case may be. In each of the said Lists No. 7, 8, and 9, to be made out by you, the 1-

Christian Name and Surname of every such Person must be

written at full Length, together with the Place of his Abode i

and the Nature of his Qualification; and where any Person

shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Property in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, then the Name of the Street, Lane, and the Number of the House (if any), or other Description of the Place where such Property may be situate, shall be specified in the List; and you shall sign such Lists marked Nos. 7, 8, and 9, and shall forthwith cause a sufficient Number of Copies of the said Lists, with all such marginal Additions, to be written or printed.

You are to publish, in the Manner herein-before mentioned with regard to Notices, Copies of the said Lists No. 7, 8, and 9, signed by you, on or before the [Twenty-second Day of July] in this Year, and you are likewise to keep a Copy of each of the said Lists, signed by you, to be perused by any Person without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after such Lists shall have been so published, and you are to deliver Copies thereof to all Persons applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table (numbered 1.) herewith sent.

You are, on or before the [Eleventh Day of August], to make out and to publish, in manner aforesaid, Lists according to the Forms numbered 11, 12, and 13, containing the Name of every Person who shall have given or have caused to be given to you, on or before the [Fourth Day of August] his Claim to have his Name inserted in any List; but if you have reasonable Cause to believe that any Person whose Name shall appear in such Lists of Claimants is not entitled to have his Name upon the Register then next to be made you are to add in like Manner the Word " objected " before the Name of every such Person on the Margin of such List of Claimants; you are also to make out other Lists, according to the Forms numbered 16, 17, and 18, containing the Name of every Person against whom a Notice of Objection shall have been given to you, on or before the [Twentieth Day of August], as not being entitled to have his Name retained in any List for your City [or Town or Borough]; and on or before the [Twenty-second Day of August] you are to sign and publish each of such last-mentioned Lists on some public and conspicuous Situation on the Outside of the outer Door or on the outer Wall near the Door of the Town Hall, or if there be no Town Hall, then on such other Place as aforesaid in the same Manner as before mentioned with regard to the Notices.

You

659

1850. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). Cap. 69.

You are to keep a Copy of these Lists, signed by you, and you are to allow the same, and also the Notices of Objection, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after the said Lists shall haye been published, and you are to deliver a Copy of each of such Lists to any Person requiring the same, on the Payment of a Price for each Copy after the Rate contained in the Table marked Schedule (C.) No. 1., herewith sent.

If you shall find any such Notice, List, or other Document published by you as aforesaid to be destroyed, mutilated, effaced, or removed, you are forthwith to place another in its Room to the same Effect.

On or before the [Twenty-fifth Day of August] you are to deliver to me Copies of the said Lists of Voters so made out by you, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid. Copies of the Lists of Claimants, and Copies of the Lists of Persons objected to, so respectively made out and signed by you as aforesaid, together (in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one) with the List of Voters registered under the Act of the 2d and 3d of William the Fourth, Chapter 88, and together (in every succeeding Year) with the Copy of the Register.

You are to attend the Court to be holden for the Revision of the List of Voters for your City [or Town or Borough], of the Time of holding which Notice will be given; and at the opening of such Court you are there to deliver to the Assistant Barrister [or Chairman of the Sessions for the County, or Barrister, as the Case may be], before whom the same shall be bolden, the several Lists made out by you, with the marginal Additions as aforesaid, and signed by you, and the original Notices of Objection and the original Notices of Claims given to you, together with the List transmitted to you by the Clerk of the Union in this Year.

Herein if you fail, you will be liable to the Penalties in that Case provided Given under my Hand this Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

(Clerk of the Peace of or acting in or for the City [or Town or Borough] of

No. 5.

Notice to be given by the Town Clerk.

Gty [or Town or Borough] 'I I hereby give Notice, That no Person ^njnf , n the >* will be entitled to have his Name into wit J serted in any List of Voters for this

City [or Town or Borough] now about to be made in respect of the Occupation of Premises rated under the last Rate for the Belief of the destitute Poor separately or together at a net

* Note. — In the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty the Thirtieth of September ie to be inserted in this Form instead of the First of July, and the Thirty first of March instead of the First of Ja- fwary.

Note. — In the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty the Thirtieth of September is to be inserted in this Form instead of the First of Julyt and the Thirty-first of March instead of the First of January.

Cap. 69. Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

annual Value' of Eight Bounds or upwards, oi* in the Case of joint Occupiers, Eight Pounds or upwards for each of such joint Occupiers, or in respect of the Inhabitancy of a House situate within this City [or Town or Borough], unless he shall pay on or before the [First Day of July] next, all the Poor's Rates which have become due from him (if any) in respect of such Premises before the [First Day of January] last past; and all such Persons who omit to make such Payments will be incar pable of being upon the next Register of Voters for this City [or Town or Borough]. Dated this Day of June

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

(Town Clerk for the City [or Town or Borough] of

No. 6.

Clerk of Union's List, for the Year 18, of Male Persons

rated in the last Rate under the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor as the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, and situate in the City [or Town or Borough] of being Part of the

Poor Law Union of (or, in the Case of joint

Occupiers, rated at a net annual Value of such an Amount as, when divided by the Number of such Occupiers, would give to each a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards); excluding from this List all such Occupiers as have not, on or before the [First Day of July] in this Year, paid all Poor Rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective Premises previously to the [First Day of January] last.

Christian Name and Surname at full Length. Place of Abode. Name or Description of Premises rated. Rated Value of Premises.

I certify that this is a correct List. Dated this Day

of 18 .

(Signed) A.B

Clerk of the Union of Verified on Oath by the said A.B. before me, a Justice of the Peace for the of

(Signed) C.D., Justice.

D

eg '

n '

CD Q-cr

o

o

* Note — h the

year One thou-xanrf eight hundred and fifty the Thirtieth of September is to be inserted in this Form instead of the First of July, and the Thirty-first of \furrh instead of the First of January.

No. 7.

List of Male Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] to serve in ^Parliament for the City [or Town or Borough] of as being Persons rated in the last Kate under the Acts for the

Belief of the destitute Poor as the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, and situate in the City [or Town or Borough] of being Part of the Poor Law Union of (or, in the Case of joint Occupiers, rated at

a net annual Value of such an Amount as, when divided by the Number of such Occupiers, would give to each a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards), and also of Persons (if any) entitled to vote as aforesaid in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses of the yearly Value of Five Pounds, all which Persons aforesaid have, on or before the [First Day of July] in this I ear, paid all Poor Rates, if any, which have become payable by them respectively out of such respective Premises previously to the [First Day of January] last.

Margin for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification, whether rated Occupier or Inhabitant Householder. Date of Registry (if any) under 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 88. in case of Inhabitant Householders. Name or Description of Premises rated. Street, Lane, or other like Place in this City [or Town or Borough], and Number of the House (if any), where the Property is situate. Rated Value of Premises.

i

8

p

I certify that this is a correct List. Dated this Day of July 18 .

/c. a n \ Town Clerk for the City [or Town or

(Signed) | of

Note. — The Date of Registry under 2 3 JV. 4. c. 88. is to be inserted only in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty and the next succeeding Seven Years, except One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one > and only opposite to the Names of Persons included in the List No. 1., delivered to the Town Clerk by the Clerk of the Peace.

Cl

* p

05

co

05

05

No- 8.

The List, for the Year 18, of all Persons (not being on the Freeman's Roll) entitled to vote in the Election of a Mem* ber [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of in respect of any Right whatsoever (other than

and except the Inhabitancy of a House of the yearly Value of Five Pounds, or the Occupation as rated Occupiers of Premises of the rated net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards).

Margin for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Voter at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Date of Registry under 2 & 3 W.4. c. 88. (if any.) Street, Lane, or other Place in this City [or Town or Borough] where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any). [When the Right of roting depends on Property.]

Note. — The Date of Registry under 2 8f 3 W. 4. c. 88. is to be inserted only in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty and the next succeeding Seven Years, except One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and only opposite to the Names of Persons included in the List No. 2., delivered to the Town Clerk by the Clerk of the Peace.

. n \ Town Clerk for the City [or Town or (Signed) A.B. [Borough] of.

662 Cap. 69. Parliamentary (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

No. 9.

The List, for the Year 18, of Persons on the Freeman's Roll for the City [or Town or Borough] of entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Town or Borough].

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Freeman at fUll Length. Date of Registry under 2 & 3 W.4. c. 88. (if any.) Place of his Abode.

{Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

Note — The Date o? Registry under 2 $* 3 W, 4. c. 88. is to be inserted only in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty and the next succeeding Seven Years9 except One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one9 and only opposite to the Names of Persons included in the List No. 3., delivered to the Town Clerk by the Clerk of the Peace.

No. 10.

Notice of Claim.

To the Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

I hereby give you Notice, That I claim to have my Name inserted in the List (No. .) made by you of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of and that the Par-

ticulars of my Qualification and Place of Abode are stated in the Columns below [and that I claim by virtue of Registration under the 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 88. [if the Fact be so] on the Day of in the Year ].

Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred

Christian Name and Surname of the Claimant at full Length. 1 Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in the City [or Town or Borough] where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any). [When the Right depends on Property.]

(Signed) A.B.

Note. — If more than One List of Voters, the Notice of Claim should specify the List to which the Claim refers.

684

Cap. 6 9;

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICTi

No. 11.

List, for the Year 18, of Claimants, to be published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of in respect of being rated in the last Rate as

Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at the net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards, within the said City [or Town or Borough] or in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses of the yearly Value of Five Pounds within the said City [or Town or Borough].

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Claimant at full Length. Place of Abode. Nature of Qualification. 1 Date of Registration (if any) under 2&3AV. 4. c. 88. [To be inserted only in the Year 1850, and the next Seven Year *, except 1851.] Street, Lane, or other like Place in this City, [or Borough], where the Property is situate, and Number of the House (if any). [When the Right depends on Property].

i j i i i i i 1 i -

{Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

No. 12.

List, for the Year 18, of Claimants, to be published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of Persons (not being on the Freeman's Boll) entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City

ior Town or Borough] of in respect of any

lights whatsoever (other than and except the Inhabitancy of

a House

a House of the yearly Value of Five Pounds, or the Occupation as rated Occupiers of Premises of the rated net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards).

- Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Claimant at foil Place of Abode. Date of Registration (if any) under 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 88. [To be inserted only in the Year 1850, and in each of the next Seven Years, except 1851.] Nature of Qualification. Street, Lane, or other Place in this City [Town or Borough] where the Property is, situate, and Number of House (if* any). [Whenthe Right depends on Property.]

{ Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

No. 13.

List, for the Yfear 18, of Claimants, to be published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons claim to have their Names inserted in the List of Persons on the Freeman's Roll for the City [or Town or Borough] of entitled to vote in the

Election of a Member [or Members] for the said City [or Town or Borough].

Column for entering Town Clerk's Objections. Christian Name and Surname of each Person, as in the Claim. Date of Registration (if any) under 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 88. [To be inserted only in the Year 1850, and the next Seven Years, except 1851.] Place of his Abode.

I i i 1

{Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

Cap. 69.

Parliamentary Voters (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

No. 14.

Notice of Objection.

To the Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to the Name of being retained in the List (No. ) of Persons

entitled to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.B. of [Place of Abode],

on the List of Voters for the City [or Town or Borough] of Note. — If more than One List of Voters, the Notice of Objection should specify the List to which the Objection refers; and if the List contains Two or more Persons of the same Name, the Notice should distinguish the Person intended to be objected to; and if the Person be registered under 2 $* 3 W. 4. c. 88. the Notice must so state.

No. 15.

Form of Notice of Objection to be given to Parties objected to.

To Mr.

I hereby give you Notice, That I object to your Name being retained on the List (No. ) of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members [or a Member] for the City [or Town or Borough] of

Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.Bof [Place of Abode],

on the List of Voters for the City [or Town or Borough] of

Note. — If more than One List of Voters, the Notice of Oljection should specify the List to which the Objection refers; and if the List contains Two or more Persons of the same Name, the Notice should distinguish the Person intended to be objected to; and if the Person be registered under 2 $3 fV. 4. c. 88. the Notice must so state.

No. 16.

List, for the Year 18, of Persons objected to, to be

published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons have been objected to as not being .entitled to have their Names retained in the List of Persons qualified to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of in respect of

867

of being rated in the last Bate as Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments rated separately or together at a net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards within the said City for Town or Borough], or in respect of the Inhabitancy of Houses of the yearly Value of Five Pounds within the said City [or Town or Borough].

Christian Place Nature of the supposed Street, Lane, or other

Name and Qualification Place in the Pariah where

Surname of of (if registered under the Property is situate.

each Person 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 88. and Number of the House

objected to. Abode. so state). (if any).

i i

{Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

No. 17.

List, for the Year 18, of Persons objected to, to be

published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their Names retained in the List of Persons (not being on the Freeman's Roll) qualified to vote in the Election of a Member [or Members] for the City [or Town or Borough] of by virtue of any Rights whatsoever (other than and except the Inhabitancy of Houses of the Value of Five Pounds, or the Occupation as rated Occupiers of Premises of the rated net annual Value of Eight Pounds or upwards).

Christian Name and Surname of each Person objected to. Place of Abode. Nature of the supposed Qualification (if registered under S&3W. 4. C. 88. to state). Street, Lane, or other Place in the City [or Town or Borough] where the Pro. perty is situate, and Number of the House (if any). [When the Right depends on Property.]

i i i

{Town Clerk of the City [or Town or Borough] of

968

Cap. 691 Portiamentery V(Irdanefy. 13 & 14 TlCff.

No. 18.

List, for the Year 18, of Persons objected to, to be

published by the Town Clerk.

The following Persons have been objected to as not being entitled to have their Names retained on the List of Persons on the Freeman's Roll for the City [or Town or Borough] of . entitled to vote in the Election of a Member

[or Members] for the said City [or Town or Borough].

Christian and Surname of each Person objected to. If registered under 2&3-W.-4. 0.88. so state. Place of Abode.

T ---- r

(Town Clerk of the said City [or Town or Borough].

,; SCHEDULE (Q.)

No. 1.

Table of Rates of Payment to be demanded and paid for any List or Copy of a List (other than a Register), where a Payment is required and authorized by this Act.

For any List or Copy of a List containing any Number of Persons Names: —

s.

Not exceeding 100 Names -06

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding 200 - - 1 0

Exceeding 200 and not exceeding 300 - - 1 6

Exceeding 300 and not exceeding 400 - - 2 0

Exceeding 400 - - 2 6

No. 2.

Table of Rates of Payment to be demanded and paid for any Copy of a Register or Part of any Register, where a Payment is required and authorized by this Act For every Copy of any Register or any Part of any Register containing any Number of Persons Names: —

s» d *

Not exceeding 1,000 Names - - 1 0

Exceeding 1,000 and not exceeding 3,000 - 2 d

Exceeding 3,000 and not exceeding 6,000 - - 5 0

Exceeding 6,000 and not exceeding 9, 006 - 7 6

Exceeding 9,000 - - 10 0

669

1850L Canterbury Settlement Lands* Cap. 70.

CAP. LXX.

An Act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent dated the Twelfth Day of Letter* Pitent, j " February in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty certain Persons therein named were constituted tuting New 4 a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession and a Common Zealand ComSeal, by the Name of The New Zealand Company," for the p*ny' f Purpose of purchasing, acquiring, and alienating Lands within (Her Majesty's Colony of New Zealand and its Dependencies,

and for other the Purposes therein set forth: And whereas instructions of Her Majesty on the Twenty-third Day of December One ssd Dec. 1846, 4 thousand eight hundred and forty-six issued under Her Ma- Manual*

jesty's Sign Manual and Signet certain Instructions accom-1 p&nying the New Zealand Charter of the same Date, and providing amongst other thiqgs in the Thirteenth Chapter thereof for the Settlement of the Waste Lands of the Crown in the said Colony of New Zealand, and on the Twenty- Additional seventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Instructions of forty-nine issued certain additional Instructions in relation to 27th Jan*1849* 4 the said Lands: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to promote Colo- io& n Vict rrization in New Zealand, and to authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company, after enacting that the Provisions relating to the Settlement of the Waste Lands of the Crown contained in the Thirteenth Chapter of the said Instructions, with the Exceptions therein mentioned, should be suspended and of nd Force and Effect within the Province of New Munster in the said Colony of New Zealand until the Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and during such further Time as should be directed by Parliament, and that all the Demesne Lands of the Crown in the said Province of New Munster, and all the Estate and Right of Her Majesty therein, or Power and Authority over the same or any Part thereof, should from and immediately after the passing of the said Act, and during the Suspension of the said Instructions, be absolutely and entirely vested in the said New Zealand Company, in trust to sell or otherwise dispose of the same as therein mentioned, and after reciting that it was expedient to provide for the Contingency of the Next Zealand Company finding themselves unable to continue their Proceedings with Profit to themselves and Benefit to the said Colony, it was enacted, that if the Directors of the said Company should give Notice to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, within Three Calendar Months next after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, by any .Instrument under the Seal of the Company,

Letters Patent, dated 13 th Nov.

13th Vict.,

constituting the

Canterbury

Association.

Agreement between New Zealand Company and Canterbury Association, dated 1st Dec. 1849.

Cap. 70. Canterbury Settlement Lands, 13 & 14 VICT.

+that they were ready to surrender the Charters of the said Company to Her Majesty, and all Claim and Title to the Lands granted or awarded to them in the said Colony, all the Powers and Privileges of the said Company (except as therein provided) should cease and determine, and all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company in the said Colony should thereupon revert to and become vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, subject nevertheless to any Contracts which should be then subsisting in regard to any of the said Lands, and upon certain other Conditions therein provided: And whereas by Letters Patent dated the Thirteenth Day of November in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty certain Persons therein named were constituted a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of "The Canterbury Association," for founding a Settlement in New Zealand, and were empowered to purchase, hold, and alienate Lands in the said Colony of New Zealand and its Dependencies: And whereas by an Agreement dated the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine between the said Canterbury Association" and the said New Zealand Company the said

New Zealand Company agreed to reserve as the Site of the Canterbury Settlement therein mentioned, and to place at the sole Disposal of the said Canterbury Association, the Lands described in the Schedule hereto annexed, during the Term of Ten Years from the Date thereof, subject to the Payment by the said Association of such Sums of Money and the Performance of such Conditions as therein mentioned: And whereas the said Association, with a view of founding their said intended Settlement in New Zealand, issued a certain Document entitled " Terms of Purchase of Lands within the Canterbury Settlement," whereby, amongst other things, certain Benefits were reserved to certain Persons therein described as the First Body of Colonists, being such Persons as might become Purchasers of Land to an Extent not exceeding One hundred and one thousand Acres before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty: And whereas the ' Directors of the said New Zealand Company have duly given Notice, in pursuance of the said Act, of their being ready to surrender the Charters of the said Company in manner prescribed by the said Act, and all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company in the said Colony,

+including those described in the said Schedule, have thereupon reverted to and become vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, subject nevertheless to any Contracts then subsisting in regard to any of the said Lands and to certain other Conditions therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the said Association having the Disposal of the Lands described in the said Schedule for such Time and subject to such Conditions

Canterbury Settlement Lands.

Cap. 70.

671

as are herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That neither the Thirteenth Chapter of the said Instructions dated the Twenty-third Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, or the said additional Instructions of the Twenty-seventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, shall henceforth apply to the Lands described in the said Schedule during the Period herein-after provided.

II. And be it enacted, That during the Term of Ten Years, and such further Term of Years as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, by Writing under his Hand, declare, as herein-after provided, the said Association shall have Power, by Instrument under their Common Seal, to dispose of and convey all or any Part of the Lands described in the said Schedule, either by way of absolute Sale to Purchasers for Estates in Fee Simple, or by granting Licences for the Pasturage of the same, but subject to the Conditions following, and to the Terms of Purchase now or at any Time existing respecting the same as herein-after mentioned:

1. That, with the Exception of such Land as has already

been or may hereafter be selected by the Agent of the Association for the Site of the Capital Town, and of Harbour and Port Towns, and of such Land as may be reserved by the Association for Works of public Utility under the Terms of Purchase herein-before mentioned, all the Lands shall be open for Purchase as Rural Land.

2. That the Extent of a Rural Allotment shall be not less than Fifty Acres, and the Extent of a Town Allotment in the Capital Town shall be One Half Acre, and in other Towns One Quarter of an Acre.

3. That the Land shall be sold at not less than the following

Sums; that is to say, Rural Land at not less than Three Pounds per Acre, including the Sums contributed for special Purposes; an Half Acre Allotment in the Capital at not less than Twenty-four Pounds, and a Quarter Acre of Allotment in other Towns at not less than Twelve Pounds, including such Sums as aforesaid.

4. That all Land for the Time being remaining unsold shall be open, under Licence, for Pasturage Purposes, at the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Annum for every Hundred Acres.

Neither the 13th Chapter of Instructions of 28d Dec.

1846, nor additional Instructions of 27th Jan. 1849, to apply to Lends described in Schedule.

Association empowered during Ten Years to dispose of Lands described in Schedule.

Subject to Conditions; riz.

That, excepting Land selected for Site of Capital, &c., All Lands shall be Rural Lands.

Extent of Allotments.

Price of Land.

Land unsold to be open under Licence for Pasturage.

One Sixth

That One Sixth Part of the whole Produce of such Sales, and of the Sums received for Licences for Pasturage, prJ!.^ °0* ..... Her

to

be paid by the said Association to Her Majesty, Her Sales, &c. Heirs and Successors, such Payments to be made at such P*id to Her Times and to such Persons as One of Her Majesty's 1 ajcsly* Principal Secretaries of State shall by Writing under his Hand determine, (saving nevertheless all such Rights

672

Cap. 70.

Canterbury Settlement Land*. 13 & 14

Saving certain Rights of New Zealand Company-

Amount of Land to be sold by the Association.

Power to Association to appoint Attornies.

Association to have a Seal in Duplicate, and may commit the same to such Attornies. Deeds executed by Attornies to be valid as if executed by the Association.

as the New Zealand Company may possess, as hereinafter mentioned, under the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, to any Payments out of Sales of Demesne Land of the Crown in New Zealand,) and the Receipt of any One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall be a complete Discharge to the said Association for the Monies paid tp him.

6. That during the said Term of Ten Years, or further extended Term as aforesaid, the said Association shall make Sale of Land in the said Settlement to the Value in each Year from the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty of such Sum as, taken together with all Sums paid previously thereto, shall yield an average yearly Sum of not less than Fifty thousand Pounds, until the whole of the said Tract be sold, or the said Period of Ten Years, or such extended Term as aforesaid, expire.

III. And be it enacted, That for the more convenient carrying on of their Business in the said Settlement it shall be lawful for the said Association, during the Continuance of such Term or extended Term as aforesaid, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal, from Time to Time to constitute and appoint any Persons to be, while actually within the said Settlement, and for such Period, if any, as the said Association may think fit, the Attornies of the said Association, to make and execute in the Name and on the Behalf of the said Association any such Conveyances, Deeds, or Instruments as the said Association are empowered to make and execute of any of the Lands of the said Settlement, and over and in respect of which the said Association may at any Time have any disposing or other Power or Authority whatsoever, subject to the Provisions of this Act, and from Time to Time as Occasion may require, and as to the said Association may seem meet, but not otherwise, and further to revoke any such Deed or Instrument if the said Association think expedient, and to make any other Deed or Instrument in lieu thereof, all which Conveyances, Deeds, and Instruments whatsoever to be made and executed by such Attornies shall be under the Signature of such Attornies, and under such Duplicate Seal as herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Association shall jmd may have their Common Seal executed in Duplicate, with Power to alter, vary, break, and renew such Duplicate, and that it shall be lawful for the said Association to commit the same to the Custody of the Attornies for the Time being constituted and appointed as aforesaid for the Purpose of making and executing all such Conveyances, Deeds, and Instruments whatsoever; and every Conveyance, Deed, and Instrument made and executed by such Attornies shall be as valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the same had been duly made and executed by the said Association without the Intervention of such Attornies.

mo.

Canterbury Settlement Lends.

Cap. 70.

673

V. And be it enacted, That all Conveyances, Deeds, and Conveyance^ Instruments whatsoever, signed or purporting to be signed by ^f^igned such Attornies as aforesaid, and under the Seal for the Time faci^ being committed to such Attornies, shall be primd facie Evi- Evidence of dence, not only of the Appointment and Continuance in Office due Execution, of such Attornies, but also of their Signatures thereto, and the due sealing thereof with the Seal committed to such Attornies, and that it shall be the Duty of all Courts of Justice, Justices and other B, as well within as without any of Her Majesty's Colonies, to receive the same as such primd facie Evidence.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That not less Not lm than than Two Persons shall be constituted and appointed such TwoAttoroie* Attornies as aforesaid by any Deed or Instrument in Writing *° *PP°in as aforesaid, and that if in any Deed or Instrument more than Two Persons are appointed, any Two of the Persons so appointed, whether they alone of the Persons so appointed shall have accepted or shall continue in Office or not, shall, unless the contrary be provided by such Deed or Instrument, be as fully competent to act in all respects as the whole Body of Persons thereby appointed.

VII. And whereas in the said recited Act of the Tenth and Application of Eleventh of Victoria it was enacted, that upon such Reversion

to Her Majesty of the Lands belonging to the said Company chlie Money, "

as aforesaid, amongst other things, there should be charged notwith«und-

upon and paid to the New Zealand Company out of the Proceeds of all future Sales of the Demesne Lands of the Crown 10& u yiet in New Zealand, after certain Deductions, a Sum of Money, c. 112.

with Interest thereon, as therein mentioned:' Now be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in the said Act contained, the remaining Five Sixth Parts of the whole Produce of such Sales and Licences as aforesaid shall be retained by the said Association, and no Part thereof shall be available to the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, but the whole thereof shall be subject to the Provisions contained in the said Agreement of the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and in the Terms of Purchase now existing, or in stich Terms of Purchase as may at any Time be made as hereinafter provided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if the said Association should If Association at any Time during the said Term of Ten Years or such ex- ^Ic^ditkms tended Term as aforesaid omit or neglect to observe or perform afo^said, Power any of the Conditions aforesaid. One of Her Majesty's Prin- of Disposition cipal Secretaries of State may, if he shall think fit, by Writing the.^d under his Hand, declare that the Power of Disposition over the of h« m*- ne Lands in the said Schedule hereby given to them has deter- jesty's Secre-mined; but no Purchaser or Licensee shall be bound to inquire Ur*e8 f Sute as to the Fulfilment of any of the said Conditions, or the Re- *° ecare' gularity of any Sale made or Licence granted by the said Association, and all Sales made and Licences granted by the said Association shall, so far as the Safety of Purchasers or Licensees is concerned, be deemed to be within the aforesaid Power.

674

Power in Association to make Terras of Purchases, to be approved by One of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State.

Power for Her Majesty's Secretary of State to extend Term of Ten Years.

Reserving Rights of First Colonists.

On Expiration of Term Lands in Schedule remaining unsold to revert to Her Majesty.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 70. Canterbury Settlement Lands* 13 & 14 Vict.

IX. And be it enacted, That during the stud Term of Ten Years or such extended Terra as aforesaid the said Association shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to make and issue Terms of Purchase and Licence of Lands within the said Settlement, and at any Time to alter, vary, or modify the same, or to remake and re-issue such Terms: Provided always, that any such Terms of Purchase and Licence shall not be repugnant to the Provisions of this Act; and provided also, that the same be approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

X. And be it enacted, That One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, on the Application of the said Association made under their Common Seal at any Time during the said Ten Years, by Writing under his Hand as aforesaid, extend the said Term of Ten Years for such further Time as he in his Discretion may think fit.

XI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Rights of the said First Colonists under the Terms of Purchase first herein-before mentioned, or of any Person or Persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to any of the Lands described in the said Schedule by virtue of any Deed or Contract made or entered into previously to the posing of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That at the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said Term of Ten Y'ears or such extended Term as aforesaid all Lands (if any) comprised in the said Schedule hereto, then remaining undisposed of by the said Association, shall be at the Disposal of* Her Majesty in the same Manner as other Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

All that Tract of waste and unappropriated Land, formerly in the Possession of the New Zealand Company, situated in the Middle Island of New Zealand, being bounded by the Snowy Range of Hills from Double Corner to the River Ashburton, by the River Ashburton from the Snowy Hills to the Sea, and by the Sea from the Mouth of the River Ashburton to Double Corner, and estimated to contain 2, 500,000 Acres, more or less, with the Exception of certain Buildings, and the Land marked out as appurtenant thereto, situate on Banks's Peninsula, and purchased by the said New Zealand Company from the Nanto Bordelase Company, and with the Exception also of certain Property acquired by Purchase and Exchange with Mr. De Belligny, such Lands so excepted being reserved to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

675

Sheep and Cattle Contagious Disorders Prevention Continuance.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or injections Disordeis among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty an Act was passed, intituled An Act to prevent, n & 12 Vict until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred c«107 *

and fifty> and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep,

Cattle, and other Animals: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall Recited Act continue and be in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and, if Parliament be p then sitting, then further until the End of the then Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Registration of Assurances of Lands in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act of the Parliament of Ireland was passed in the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, 6 Anne> c< o 4 and Wills that shall be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands, (I.)

Tenements, or Hereditaments; and an Act of the said Parlia- 8 Anne, c. 10. 4 mentfor amending the said first-mentioned Act was passed O)

in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne; and an Act of the said 8 G. 1. c. 15.

Parliament was passed in the Eighth Year of King George (*)

the First, for explaining and amending the said Acts; and an Act of the said Parliament was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amend- 25 G. 3. c. 47. 4 ing the several Laws relating to the registering of Wills and (I*)

Deeds in the Registry Office of this Kingdom, and for the better regulating and conducting the Business of the said Office;

and by the said Acts certain Provisions are made for registering Memorials of all Deeds (save certain Leases), Conveyances, and Wills affecting Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements,

676

2&S W. 4. c. $7. s. 29.

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Irelandf). 13 & 14 VICT.

or Hereditaments in Ireland; and by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne it is enacted," That every i " Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, or Will shall contain ' " the Day of the Month and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or Will bears Date and was perfected, and the

" Names and Additions of all the Parties to such Deed or 6 " Conveyance, and of the Devisor or Testatrix of such Will,

6 " and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance, or Will,

" and shall express or mention the Honors, Manors, Lands,

" Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such Deed, c " Conveyance, or Will, and the Names of all the Counties,

" Baronies, Cities, Towns Corporate, Parishes, Townships,

" Hamlets, Villages, and Precincts within this Kingdom ' " where any such Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or 6 " Hereditaments are lying and being that are given, granted,

(" conveyed, devised, or any way affected or charged by any ' " Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in such Manner as the same ' " are expressed or mentioned in such Deed, Conveyance, or 6 " Will, or to the same Effect, and that the Registrar shall ' " keep an alphabetical Calendar of all Counties, Baronies,

" Cities, Towns Corporate, Parishes, and Townships within 4 u this Realm, with reference to the Number of every Memo- u rial that concerns the Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, ' " or Hereditaments in every such County, Barony, City, Town Corporate, Parish, or Township respectively, and c " of the Names of the Parties mentioned in such Memorial

And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of King ' William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office 6 for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland, it is ' enacted," that in every Memorial of any Deed or Instrument c " dated after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand 6 " eight hundred and thirty-two, brought into the said Office e " to be registered, there shall be specified the County and ' " Barony, or the Town or County of a City, and Parish, or c Ci the Town and Parish, in which the Lands and every of them " to be affected by registering such Memorial are by such f " Deed or Instrument stated to be situated, and where the

" Lands lie in Two or more Counties or Baronies or Parishes, ' "or Streets, or partly in one Barony, Parish, or Street, and 6 " partly in another, the same shall be distinctly stated in the Memorial from the Deed, and that where the Instru-c " ment to which the Memorial relates shall contain a Plan of the Lands or of any Part thereof, there may, if it be (" the Pleasure of the Party requiring the Registration of the 6 " Memorial, be inserted in or be annexed, on Parchment, to ' " the Memorial of such Instrument to be registered, a Copy c " of such Plan," and by the said last-mentioned Act an alphabetical Index of the Names of Persons affected by Memorials,

to be called the u Index of Names," is required to be made,

and kept in the Manner and Form specified in such Act, and

it is enacted," that there shall be provided in the said Office

. " a Series

677

|65(V Registration, of Deeds (Ireland)* Cap. 72.

" a Secies of Parchment Books, to be called the ' Index of " Lands, ' and One Book of such Series shall be appropriated /to each County, and One to each City being a County of " itself, and One Book to every such Number of Towns, being " Counties of themselves, as heretofore it has been customary to index together, and One Book to every such Number " of other Towns as heretofore it has been customary to index " apart, from the Counties in which they are situated, and " every Book appropriated to a City, being a County of itself, "or to a Number of Towns, shall be divided into Parishes " or Streets, and each such Book for Counties shall contain "separate Divisions under the Heads of Baronies, and for " Cities or Towns under the Heads of Parishes or Streets," arranged alphabetically, with alphabetical Subdivisions for " Denomination of Lands, into which Books there shall be " entered, by the Initial Letter of each Name, the Names " of all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified in " every Memorial registered in the Office, and to the Name " of the Land, Tenement, or Hereditament there shall be " subjoined the Name of the Parish or the Place respectively "in which the same shall be described to be situated, and " also the Year of Registry, and the Page of the Day Book," and the Number and Volume respectively of the Abstract " and Transcript Books, and the Number and File of the " Memorial relating thereto; and opposite to every such " Entry of Lands there shall also be entered the Surname " and Christian Name of the Grantor, and also the Surname " and Christian Name of the Grantee; but where there shall be more than One Grantor the Name of the first Grantor " only shall be so entered with the Word ' another ' or "/others; and where more than One Grantee, in like Manner " the Name of the first Grantee only, with the Word other' " or others:' " And whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland, it is enacted," that " it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's " Treasury, or any Three of them, for the Time being, by " an Order under their Hands, from Time to Time to make " any Alterations in the Forms of the Indexes of Names " and Lands directed by the said Act of the Third Year of " King William the Fourth to be made, and from the Time of " making any such Order, or from any Time to be specified " therein, the said Indexes shall be made and kept in such " Manner and Form as the said Commissioners of Her Ma* " jesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, shall in such Order " specify and direct; and it shall and may be lawful for the " said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three " of them, in like Manner to vary or rescind any such Order " as aforesaidAnd whereas, for the Purpose of the more convenient registering of Instruments affecting Lands in Ireland, it is expedient that Indexes should be formed with reference to the General Survey of Ireland made under the

U u 4 4 Direction

11 & 12 Vict c. 120.

678

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Irelandf). 13 & 14 VICT

Direction of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and

that the said Acts should be amended Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Ordnance Maps Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commis-

IndustdXrthe 8*oners Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize and direct the

Purposes of this Maps made and published and to be made and published under

Act. the Direction of the Master General and Board of Ordnancei,

or any altered or enlarged Maps (founded upon the Survey and revised Survey of Ireland) which may be made under the Direction of the said Master General and Board, and approved by the said Commissioners, to be used for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners, where they think fit, may cause Copies or Reprints of all or any of the Maps published under the Authority of the said Master General and Board, with any Additions to or Variations in the Matters marked on the said Maps which the said Commissioners may deem convenient for the Purposes of this Act, to be made, under the Direction of the said Master General and Board, and may, where they think fit, cause Maps on any enlarged Scale or Scales of any Cities, Towns, Parts, or Places in Ireland to be made, under the like Direction; and Copies of the Maps which the said Commissioners shall direct to be used for the Purposes of this Act shall be deposited in the said Register Office, and such Maps shall be published, and Copies thereof shall be sold, as the said Commissioners shall direct.

Land Indexes to be made, having References to the Maps.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize and direct tQ be made for each County and City being a County of itself, and for each Town which it may seem to the said Commissioners expedient to index apart from the County in which it is situate, a Land Index, in such Form as they shall approve, so as to show in every such Index appropriated to a County the Baronies, Townlands, Denominations, and Subdenominations an<J other Divisions of Land within such County, and in each Index appropriated to a City or Town the Parishes and Streets, Denominations, and Divisions of Land within such City or Town, having References in every such Index from the several Townlands, Denominations, Subdenominations, Streets, and Divisions to the Maps to be used for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause to be inserted in such respective Land Indexes or to give Directions for the Insertion therein from Time to Time of the Names or short Descriptions of the Manors and incorporeal Hereditaments which cannot be conveniently indexed with reference to Maps within the respective Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Land in every such County, City, and Town respectively, and every such Land Index shall be deposited in the said Register Office, and shall be a Land Index to be used for the Purposes of this Act.

-v

1860. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). Cap. 72.

III. And be it enacted, That when the Maps and Land Indexes to be used for the Purposes of this Act have been completed it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to cause to be published in the Dublin Gazette Notice of a Time, not earlier than. Three Calendar Months from the Time of the Publication of such Notice, when Registration under the Provisions of this Act shall commence, and the Time mentioned in such Notice shall be the Commencement of Registration under this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That (except in the Cases herein-after expressly provided for) no Memorial of any Assurance executed after the Commencement of Registration under this Act by which any Lands in Ireland may be affected at Law or in Equity shall be registered In the said Register Office; and every such Assurance may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit of the original Document, or (where there are duplicate original Documents) of One of the duplicate original Documents, in the said Register Office, and by an Entry or Entries being made in the proper Index or Indexes to be kept in the said Register Office under the Provisions of this Act; and this Enactment shall extend to any Conveyance, Deed, Grant, Lease, or other Instrument which by any Act of Parliament now in force is exempted from Registration, except such Leases as are so exempted by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne; and the several Documents to be deposited in the said Register Office as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be made up into Books or Parcels, and numbered.

V. And be it enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the said Register Office, in addition to the Land Indexes herein-before mentioned. One Index for all Ireland, to be intituled " The Index of Titlesand all Assurances to be registered under this Act (except Wills and such other Assurances as are herein-after directed to be otherwise indexed) shall be indexed in the said Index of Titles under Heads to be respectively designated by Numbers in the Manner and according to the Regulations herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

First. — Where the Grantor in the Assurance to be registered does not derive Title under an Assurance which has been indexed in the Index of Titles, the Assurance to be registered shall be indexed by making an Entry thereof under a new Head in such Index; and where the Assurance to be registered is a Conveyance or Assignment by the Commissioners for Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland, then, notwithstanding any previous Assurance affecting the Lands comprised in such Conveyance or Assignment may have been so indexed, such Commissioners shall not be deemed to derive Title under any such Assurance; and every such Conveyance or Assignment shall be indexed by making an Entry thereof under a new Head in such Index of Titles.

Second. —

679

Commissioners of the Treasury to give Notice of Commencement of Uegts-tration under this Act.

No Memorial of Assurances to be registered; but all such Assurances may be registered by depositing an Original, and making the proper Entries.

Documents deposited, to be made up into Books, See,

An Index to be called "The Index of Titles, to be kept for all Ireland; and Assurances to be indexed, &c., by Numbers.

1. Where the Grantor does not derive Title under any registered Assurance* the Assurance is to be indexed under a new Head.

9. Where the Grantor docs derive Title under, &c. Assurance is to be indexed under the same Head as the Assurance under which Title is derived.

3. Assurance required by Regulation 2. to be indexed under existing Head to be indexed under new Head.

4. No Assurance to be indexed under more than One Head.

5. Particulars to be expressed on indexing an Assurance.

6. The Grantor of an Equity of Redemption is not to be considered as deriving his Title under the Mortgage Deed.

Cap. 12L Registration of Deeds (Ireland)._ 13 & 14 YlOr,

Second. — Where the Grantor in the Assurance to be, registered derives Title, either immediately or derivatively, under an Assurance which has been indexed in the Index of Titles, the Assurance to be registered shall be indexed by making an Entry thereof under the same Head as the Assurance under which such Title is derived; and if the Title be derived under several successive Assurances, which (by virtue of any Regulation herein-after contained) have been indexed under different Heads in the Index of Titles, the Assurance to be registered shall be indexed by making the Entry under the same Head as such One of the said successive Assurances as has been last executed.

Third. — Where by the Second Regulation an Assurance is required to be indexed under an existing Head, the Person requiring the Registration may direct the Assurance^ instead of being indexed under such existing Head, to be indexed under a new Head, and the Assurance shall be indexed accordingly; and a Reference shall be made under such existing Head to the Head under which the Assurance shall be indexed under this Regulation.

Fourth. — Where, by the Effect of the First and Second Regulations, an Assurance would be required to be indexed in the Index of Titles in respect of different Lands or different Interests in Lands under any Two or more Heads, the same shall be indexed under such One only of the said Heads (whether an existing Head or a new Head) as the Person requiring the Registration of the Assurance shall by any Writing direct, or in default of any such Direction, as the Officer by whom the Assurance is indexed shall think fit; and in case any other of such Heads be an existing Head, a Reference shall be made under every such other existing Head to the Head under which the Assurance shall be indexed; and in any such Case as is provided for by this Regulation the Power given by the Third Regulation is not to be exercised so as to occasion the Assurance to be indexed under more than One Head.

Fifth. — Where by any of the preceding Regulations an Entiy is directed to be made in the Index of Titles, the Entry shall express the Year and the Day of the Month when the same is made, and the Book or Parcel in which the Document deposited at the said Register Office is made up, and the Number of such Document in such Book or Parcel; and such other Particulars as under any Regulations to be made as herein-after mentioned shall be directed.

Sixth. — Where Lands are conveyed or otherwise assured to any Person or Persons in trust to be sold, or otherwise converted into Money, for the Purpose only of securing the Payment of any Sum of Money, or the Transfer or Assignment of any Parliamentary or other Stocks, Funds, or Securities, and are redeemable before the Sale and Disposal

681

1850. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). Cap. 72.

posal thereof, either by express Stipulation or Otherwise, and in every other Case where an Assurance of Lands is intended only as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, whether annual, or in gross, or otherwise to be payable, or as a Security for the Transfer or Assignment of any Parliamentary or other Stocks, Funds, or Securities, any Person entitled to the Right or Equity of Redemption or Reversion in such Lands or to any Interest therein, or entitled to such Lands or any Interest therein subject to the Security so made by such Assurance as aforesaid, shall not for the Purposes of the preceding Regulations be considered to have derived his Title to such Right or Equity of Redemption or Reversion or such Interest therein, or his Title to such Lands or such Interest therein subject as aforesaid, through or under the Assurance by which such Mortgage or other Security has been made; and such Assurance shall for such Purposes, and as to such Person entitled as aforesaid, be considered not to have been made or executed.

VI. And be it enacted, That where an Entry of an Assurance is made under a new Head in the Index of Titles an Entry shall be made in the Land Index for the County, or County of a City or Town, in which the Land or Hereditament affected by such Assurance is situate, opposite to the Name or Number of every Townland, Denomination, and Subdenomination or other Division of Land, or the Name or Description of the Hereditament affected by the Assurance entered under such new Head, which Entry in the Land Index shall contain a Reference to such new Head in the Index of Titles; and where an Entry is made under any existing Head in the Index of Titles of an Assurance affecting any Townland, Denomination, or Subdenomination or other Division of Land, or any Hereditament, opposite to the Name, Number, or Description of which in the Land Index no Reference to such existing Head in the Index of Titles has been previously made, an Entry shall be made in the Land Index opposite to the Name, Number, or Description of such Townland, Denomination, Subdenomination, Division, or Hereditament, which Entry shall contain a Reference to such existing Head in the Index of Titles; and where any Manor or other incorporeal Hereditament opposite to the Name or Description of which in the Land Index an Entry is required to be made under this Enactment is not already shown in such Index, the Name or Description of such Manor or Hereditament shall, at the Time when such Entry as last aforesaid is required to be made, be entered in the Land Index for the County, or County of a City or Town, in which the same is situate, and when so entered such Entry as is required as aforesaid to be made in such Land Index opposite to the Name or Description of such Manor or Hereditament shall be made.

Entries to be made in " Land Index" containing References to the Entries in the " Index of Titles."

Decrees in Equity crest*' ing, &c. Interests in Land, and also in Equity by which any Decree shall be varied or reversed, and Orders of Exchange, fee. made by In* cumbered Estates Commissioners, are to be considered Assurances.

Civil Bill Decrees under .56 G. 3. c. 88. may be registered.

Every private Act of Parliament affecting Lands to be an Assurance *

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Decree or Order of any Court of Equity made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, by which any Estate or Interest in any Lands in Ireland is created, declared, transferred, foreclosed, or determined, and also every Decree or Order of any Court of Equity made after such Commencement by which any such Decree or Order as aforesaid is varied or reversed, shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance affecting such Lands, and in every such Case the Document to be deposited shall be a Memorial of the Decree or Order, which Memorial shall express the Date of the Decree or Order, and the Title of the Cause wherein the same purports to be made, and shall also express the Decree or Order, or so much thereof as relates to the Estate or Interest created, declared, transferred, foreclosed, or determined by the Decree or Order to be registered, or by the Decree or Order which is varied or reversed by the Decree or Order to be registered (as the Case may be); and every such Memorial as aforesaid shall, previously to the same being deposited in the said Register Office, be examined with the Decree or Order by some Officer authorized to give out an Office Copy of such Decree or Order, and shall be certified by the Signature of such Officer; and every such Officer is hereby required to examine any such Memorial, and certify the same by his Signature, at the Request of any Person, upon being paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every Older of Exchange, or of Partition, or of Division and Allotment, made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act by the Commissioners for Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be considered an Assurance affecting the Lands to which such Order may relate, and in every such Case the Document to be deposited shall be such Order or a Copy thereof under the Seal of such Commissioners; and every Civil Bill Decree made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act which, under an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, over-holding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress, is authorized to be registered in the said Office, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed an Assurance affecting the Lands of which the Possession is thereby decreed, and the Registration thereof under this Act shall give the like Effect to such Decree as would have been given by the Registry thereof in the said Office if this Act had not been passed, and in the Case of every such Decree the Document to be deposited shall be such Memorial as may now be lodged for the Purpose of the Registry of a like Decree.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every private Act of Parliament to be passed after the Commencement of Registration under this Act by which any Lands in Ireland are affected shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance

affecting

683

Registration of Deeds (Ireland).

Cap. 72.

affecting such Lands, and the Document to be deposited in the Case of any such Act as aforesaid shall be a Copy of the Act printed by Her Majesty's Printers, or if the Act be not so printed, then an examined Copy of the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Affidavit made and filed by any Creditor under any Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule under an Act of the present Session of Parliament, a to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland which shall be made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance affecting the Lands mentioned in such Affidavit, and the Document to be deposited shall be an Office Copy of such Affidavit, and the Debtor under such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed the Grantor in such Assurance.

X. And be it enacted, That in every Case where the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, passed or to be passed, have the Effect of vesting Lands or any Estate or Interest in Lands in Ireland in any Person by or upon the Payment of Money, or by or upon any other Act, (other than any Assurance hereinbefore authorized to be registered,) and such Lands, Estate, or Interest become so vested by or upon any such Payment or other Act made or done after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, any Person claiming under or by virtue of the vesting of such Lands, Estate, or Interest as aforesaid may register a Memorandum containing a Reference to such Act of Parliament, and a Description of the Lands, and expressing the Payment or other Act by or upon which such Lands, Estate, or Interest shall have so vested as aforesaid, and in every such Case the Memorandum to be so registered shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance affecting the Lands: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall be deemed to apply or have reference to the vesting of the Estate of a Bankrupt or Insolvent in the Assignee or Assignees or Trustee of such Bankrupt or Insolvent.

XI. And be it enacted, That any Person claiming any Interest under any equitable Mortgage affecting any Lands in Ireland made by Deposit of Title Deeds after the Commencement of Registration under this Act may register a Memorandum containing a Description of the Lands and the Names of the Persons by and with whom respectively the Title Deeds are deposited, and expressing the Principal Sum of Money secured by such equitable Mortgage, or, in case the total Amount of the Principal Money secured or to be ultimately recoverable upon such equitable Mortgage shall be limited not to exceed a

Sven Sum, the total Amount of such Money, or in case the 'oney secured by such equitable Mortgage shall be without any Limit, that the Money secured by such equitable Mortgage is unlimited; and in every such Case the Memorandum to be so registered shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance affecting such Lands.

Affidavit of Ownership made under 13 & 14 Vict. c. 29. to be an Assurance.

Where Lands are seated upon the Payment of Money, &c., a Memorandum of the same may be registered.

Not to extend to vesting of the Estate of a Bankrupt, &c.

Equitable Mortgage by Deposit of Deeds may be registered by depositing a Memorandum.

Liens by reason of Nonpayment of Purchase Money may be registered by depositing a Memorandum.

The Assurance to be considered to have been made by the Person whose Right, &c. in the Lands shall be bound by the Decree, &c.

Registration of Wills.

Cap. 72. Regisiration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 YiCit

XII. And be it enacted, That where, by reason of the Nonpayment of Purchase Money, a Vendor has, after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, acquired & Lien for such Purchase Money on any Lands in Ireland, any Person claiming an Interest in such Lien may register a Memorandum containing such Particulars of the Conveyance by the Vendor as are sufficient to identify the same, and also containing a Description of the Lands, and expressing the Amount of the Money for which a Lien is claimed; and in every such Case the Memorandum to be so registered shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered an Assurance affecting Such Lands.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in the several Cases provided for by the Six immediately preceding Sections, the Assurance to be registered shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered to have been made by the Person whose Right or Interest is the Lands shall be bound or affected by the Decree or Order, the private Act of Parliament, the vesting of the Lands, Estate^ or Interest, the equitable Mortgage or the Lien (as the Case may be); and the same Entry or Entries shall be made on registering such Assurance as would have been required under the Provisions herein-before contained for regulating the Entries on registering Assurances, if the Lands to be affected by the Decree or Order, the private Act of Parliament, the vesting of the Lands, Estate or Interest, the equitable Mortgage or the Lien (as the Case may be), had been so affected by the Grant or Conveyance of such Person; and in the several Cases provided for by the Three immediately preceding Sections, every Person claiming or deriving any Right or Title under or by virtue of the vesting of the Lands, Estate, or Interest, the equitable Mortgage or the Lien (as the Case may be), shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered to claim or derive such Right or Title under the As* surance which by virtue of the Section applicable to the Case shall have been so registered as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That any Will by Which any Lands in Ireland may be affected at Law or in Equity, where the Testator dies after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit of the original Will or (where there are duplicate original Wills) of one of the duplicate original Wills in the said [Register Office; or if such Will be proved, or Letters of Administration with such Will annexed be granted, in any Court in Ireland having Jurisdiction for the Probate of Wills, and such Will be deposited in such Court, the same may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit in such Office of a Memorial of such Will, containing such Particulars as are now by Law required in the Case of a Will registered in the said Register Office, and also mentioning the Court in which and the Time when such Will was proved or such Letters of Administration granted, or by the Deposit in the said Register Office of an Office or authenticated Copy of the Will duly certified by the Registrar or other chief Officer of the Court in which such Will

was

C _ ogle

685

1850. Registration of Deed* (Ireland). Cap. 72.

was proved or Buoh Letters of Administration granted; or if such Will be proved or Letters of Administration with such Will annexed be granted in any Court having Jurisdiction far the Probate of Wills in England, or elsewhere out of Ireland, or be by any Law for the Time being in force in the United Kingdom or elsewhere required to be filed or deposited or kept in any Office or Place out of Ireland, in respect of Property affected thereby, such Will may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit in such Office of a Copy of the same; provided, that where there is any Officer authorized to

?ve out an Office or authenticated Copy from the Office or lace of Deposit of such Will, the Copy to be deposited in the said Register Office shall be an Office or authenticated Copy duly certified by such Officer; and the Wills and Memorials and Copies of Wills to be deposited in the said Register Office as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be made up into Books or Parcels separately from other Documents deposited in the said Office under this Act, and numbered.

XV. And be it enacted, That Letters of Administration without a Will annexed, granted in respect of the Estate and Effects of any Person dying after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit in such Office of an Office Extract of such Letters, and any Person who claims any Estate or Interest in Land in Ireland as Heir or otherwise which might have been defeated or affected by the Will of any Person dying after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, and believes such Person to have died intestate or intestate as to such Land, may make and register an Affidavit, stating that the Deponent claims such Estate or Interest, and stating the Time of the Death of such deceased Person, and that the Deponent believes that such deceased Person died without a Will, or without any Will other than any Will in such Affidavit mentioned; and such Affidavit shall be sworn before the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar of the said Register Office, or One of the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law in Ireland or at, or Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be deposited in the said Register Office; and all such Office Extracts of Letters of Administration, and all such Affidavits as aforesaid, shall be made up in the same Books or Parcels as Wills registered in the said Register Office, and shall be numbered in like Manner as if the same were Wills.

XVI. And be it enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the said Register Office for the whole of Ireland an alphabetical Index, to be intituled u The Index to Wills and Administrations and where any Will, Letters of Administration, or Affidavit of Intestacy is or are registered under this Act, an Entry of the Name of the Testator or Intestate, with his Addition, if any, as set forth in the Will, Letters of Administration, or Affidavit, shall be made in the said Index to Wills and Administrations; and opposite to the Name of every

Testator

Letters of Administration or Affidavit of Intestacy may be registered.

An Index, to be called "The Index to Will* and Administrations," to be kept for Ireland; and where A Will, &c. is registered, an Entry of the Testator's or Intestate's Name, &c. to be made in such Index.

686 Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

Testator or Intestate whose Nome is so entered an Entry shall be made, expressing the Year and Day of the Month when such Entry is made, and the Nature of the Document deposited, and the Book or Parcel in which the Will or Memorial or Copy or Office Extract of Letters of Administration or Affidavit is made up, and the Number thereof in such Book or Parcel, and no Will or Letters of Administration, nor any such Affidavit as aforesaid, shall be deemed duly registered under this Act unless and until such Entries shall be duly made.

Where the

XVII. And be it enacted, That where the original Docu-

a^Cupj^or*10811 ment or (If there be Duplicates) the several original Documents Extract may be are destroyed or lost, a Copy of or (in Cases where no Copy deposited. is known to exist) an Extract from the original Document, or of or from any One of the duplicate original Documents, may, on registering the Assurance, be deposited in the said Register Office in lieu of an original Document, and thereupon the Registration of the Assurance shall (so far as respects depositing a Document) be as valid and effectual as if an original Document had been deposited in the said Register Office; provided always, that in every such Case an Affidavit of the Destruction or Loss of the original Document or (if there have been duplicate Originals) of the Destruction or Loss of the several original Documents, and (where an Extract only is deposited) of the Nonexistence to the best of the Deponent's Belief, of any Copy of the original Document or of any one of the original Documents (as the Case may be), shall be brought or sent to the said Register Office with the Instrument which is brought or sent for the Purpose of being deposited as aforesaid, and shall be deposited together with the same in the said Register Office; and every such Affidavit as aforesaid shall be sworn before and signed by the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar (who is hereby empowered to administer an Oath for such Purpose), or One of the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law in Ireland or at Westminster, or Two of Her Majesty's Justices Registration of the Peace: Provided always, that in the Case of an Extract effectual^oniy as the Registration of the Assurance shall be effectual only so far -r " as Such Extract extends, and so far as the same substantially and in material Respects agrees with the original Document.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Document which by any of the Provisions of this Act would be required to be deposited in the said Register Office on registering any Assurance is by any Law for the Time being in force in the United Kingdom or elsewhere required to be filed departed aTany or deposited or kept in any other Office or Place, a Copy of other Office or such Document may, on registering the Assurance, be deposited Copy in the said Register Office in lieu of such Document, and thereupon the Registration of the Assurance shall (so far as respects depositing a Document) be as valid and effectual as if the original Document had been deposited at the said Register Office; provided that where there is any Officer authorized to give out an Office or authenticated Copy of such Document the Instrument

to

far as Extract agrees with Original.

Where Document directed by this Act to be deposited at the Register Office is re-

Place, may be deposited at the Register Office.

Registration of Deeds (Ireland).

Cap. 72.

to be deposited in the said Register Office under this Enactment shall be an Office or authenticated Copy duly certified by such Officer.

XIX. And be it enacted, That any Person having an Interest in any Lands under any Assurance by this Act authorized to be registered, which has not been registered, may require any Person in possession of the original Document, or (if there be Duplicates) any one of the original Documents, or (where the original Document or the several original Documents is or are lost) a Copy of, or (in case where no Copy is known to exist) an Extract from the original Document or of or from any of the original Documents, to deliver or send the same at or to the said Register Office for the Purpose of its being registered; aod in case the Person in whose Possession the same shall be refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for any Judge of any of the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland or at Westminster, upon a summary Application, to make such Order respecting the Delivery or sending of such Document or Copy or Extract as aforesaid at or to the said Register Office for the Purpose aforesaid as to such Judge in the Exercise of his Discretion shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, appear proper: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not authorize any Person to require or enforce the Registration of any* Assurance or Copy or Extract in case any Agreement or Provision have been made for the Non-registration of such Assurance by him or by any Person from or through whom he derives an Interest under such Assurance.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge to whom any such Application is so made to make such Order respecting the Costs of such Application, and the Costs incidental thereto, and the Cost of Registration, as to such Judge shall seem proper; and it shall also be lawful for such Judge, if he think proper so to do, to order that an Office Copy of the original Document, or of the Copy or Extract to be delivered or sent as aforesaid, shall be furnished to the Party by whom the same shall be so delivered or sent, at the Expense of the Party by whom the Application is made.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every Appointment or Choice of Assignees of any Bankrupt, whether such Bankruptcy be in England or Ireland, made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit in the said Register Office of an Office Copy of the Certificate of such Appointment or Choice, and by the Entry required by the Provision in that Behalf herein-after contained being made in the proper Index in the said Register Office; and every Act and Warrant of Confirmation to the Trustee on the sequestrated Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act may be registered in the said Register Office by the Deposit in such Office of a Copy of such Act and Warrant, certified by One of the Bill Chamber Clerks, and authenticated by the Seal

687

Power to any Person claiming under an Assurance to compel the Registration thereof by Application to a Judge.

Judge to make Order as to Costs, and order Office Copy to be furnished at the Expense of Applicant.

Appointment of Assignees in Bankruptcy in England and Ireland and Acts and Warrants of Confirmation in Scotland may be registered by Deposit of Copy and making proper Entry.

Cap. 72.

Registration of Deedt (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT,

Any Order or Appointment, &c. of Assignees in Insolvency may be registered by Deposit of a Copy or Certificate and making the proper Entry.

An Index, to be called "The Index to Bankrupts and Insolvents," to be kept for Ireland.

Assurances aUthorixecftobe registered void as against Purchasers, unless registered.

Estate or Interest arising under public Act upon Payment of Money, &c.

of the Court of Session, and by the Entry required by the Provision herein-after in that Behalf contained being made in the proper Index in the said Register Office; and all such Copies as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be made up j into Books or Parcels, and numbered.

XXII. And be it enacted, That where by virtue of any Vesting or other Order made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act by any Court, Commissioner, or Judge (whether in Ireland, England, or any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions,) having Jurisdiction in this Behalf, or of any Nomination, Appointment, or Choice of any Provisional, Official, or other Assignee or Assignees made after such Commencement by such Court, Commissioner, or Judge, or by .Creditors of any Insolvent Debtor, the Estate and Effects of any Insolvent Debtor become vested in any such Assignee or Assignees, every such Order, Nomination, Appointment, or Choice may be registered in the said Register Office, by depositing in the said Register Office an Office or authenticated Copy or Certificate of such Order, Nomination, Appointment, or Choice, 'and by the Entry required by the Provision in that Behalf herein-after contained being made in the proper Index in the said Register Office; and all such Copies and Certificates shall from Time to Time be made up into Books or Parcels, and numbered.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the said Register Office for the whole of Ireland an alphabetical Index, to be intituled u The Index to Bankrupts and Insolvents;" and where any Appointment or Choice of Assignees, or Act and Warrant of Confirmation in any Bankruptcy, or any such Vesting or other Order, Nomination, Appointment, or Choice of any Assignee or Assignees in any Insolvency, is registered under this Act, an Entry of the Name of the Bankrupt or Insolvent, with the Addition (if any) of such Bankrupt or Insolvent as set forth in the Copy or Certificate deposited as aforesaid on such Registration, shall be made in the said Index to Bankrupts and Insmveats; and opposite to the Name of every Bankrupt or Insolvent whose Name is so entered an Entry shall be made expressing the Yea* and Day of the Month when the same Entry is made, and the Book or Parcel in which the said Copy or Certificate has been made up, and the Number of the same in such Book or Parcel

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Assurance by this Act authorized to be registered, other than a Will shall (so far as regards any Lands to be affected thereby) be void as against any Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any subsequent Assurance duly registered, unless the prior Assurance has been registered in the Manner directed by this Act before the Registration of the subsequent Assurance.

XXV. And be it enacted, That where any public Act of Parliament, passed or to be passed, contains any Provision for vesting any Lands, or any* Estate or Interest in Lands, in Ireland, in any Person by or upon the Payment of Money, or

by

Registration of Deeds (Ireland).

Cap. 72.

689

by of upon any other Act (except any* Act under any Bankruptcy or Insolvency/ or an Assurance herein-before authorized to be registered); and such Lands, Estate, or Interest

become so vested by or upon any such Payment or other Act (except as aforesaid), made or done after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, and where any Equitable Mortgage affecting Lands in Ireland is made by the Deposit of Title Deeds after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, and where by reason of the Nonpayment of Purchase Money a Vendor has, at any Time after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, acquired a Lien for such Purchase Money on any Lands in Ireland, such vesting of such Lands, Estate or Interest, Equitable Mortgage and Lien, respectively, shall be void as against any Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any subsequent Assurance duly registered, unless in the respective Case of such vesting of such Lands, Estate or Interest, Equitable Mortgage and Lien, such Memorandum as is herein-before in such respective Case authorized to be registered be registered in the Manner required by this Act before the Registration of the subsequent Assurance.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Assurance shall be deemed registered under this Act unless and until all the Entries required by this Act in respect of such Assurance have been duly made, provided that where, upon the Registration under this Act of an Assurance, all the Entries which would be required for such Registration have been duly made as to Part only of the Lands affected thereby, such Assurance shall, as to the Lands with respect to which such Entries have been so made, but not as to the Residue of the Lands affected by such Assurance, be deemed duly registered under this Act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Will, Lettere of Administration, or Affidavit of Intestacy, authorized to be registered under this Act, has or have been duly registered under this Act, every other Will affecting Lands in Ireland authorized to be registered under this Act, and made by the Person by whom such first-mentioned Will was made, or in respect of whose Estate and Effects such Letters of Administration were granted, or with respect to whose Intestacy or alleged Intestacy such Affidavit was made, shall, so far as regards such Lands, be void as against any Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any Assurance duly registered node after the Death of the Testator by any Person maiming immediately or derivatively under such first-mentioned Will or such Letters of Administration, or by any other Person by whom such Assurance might have been made if such other Will as aforesaid had not been executed, unless such Will be registered before the Registration of such Assurance or such first-mentioned Will, Letters of Administration, or Affidavit: Provided always, that every Will registered within Two Years after the Death of the Testator shall be as valid and effectual as

X x 2 if

Equitable Mortgage by Deposit of Deeds, and Lien for Purchase Money, to be *oid as against Purchasers, unless Memorandum registered.

Assurance duly entered as to Part only of the Lands to be deemed duly registered as to such Part.

Unregistered Will to be roid against Purchaser from Persons entitled under a registered Will, or In default of a Will where Letters of Administration or Affidavit of Intestacy registered.

690

Purchasers protected against Bankruptcy and Insolvency unless Appointment of Assignees, &c. be registered.

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

if the same had been registered immediately after the Death of the Testator: Provided also, that if by reason of the Concealment, Suppression, or contesting of any Will, or other inevitable Difficulty, any Person interested thereunder be disabled from registering the same within such Two Years, and such Person, or any Person on his Behalf, within such last-mentioned Period, make and register, in manner herein directed, an Affidavit stating the Name and Addition of the Testator, the Date of his Death, and the Impediment to the Registration of such Will which may be existing at the Time of making such Affidavit, then and in such Case the Registration of such Will in manner directed by this Act within Six Calendar Months next after all Impediments to the Registration thereof are removed shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been registered immediately after the Death of the Testator; and such Affidavit as aforesaid shall be sworn before the like Person or Persons as an Affidavit of Intestacy, and registered by the Deposit thereof in the said Register Office, and shall be made up and numbered with the Wills registered in the said Office, and an Entry shall be made of such Affidavit in the Index to Wills and Administrations in like Manner as in the Case of a Will, save that in describing the Document deposited the same shall be called an Affidavit of a Will.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where the first Appointment of Assignees in any Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or the first Act and Warrant of Confirmation to a Trustee in any Bankruptcy in Scotland, or the first Vesting or other Order, or Nomination, Appointment, or Choice of any Assignee or Assignees in any Insolvency, under which the Estate and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent becomes vested in any Assignee or Assignees or Trustee under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency, is made after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, such Bankruptcy, or any Appointment or Choice of Assignees, or Act and Warrant of Confirmation thereunder, or such Insolvency, or any Vesting or other Order, Nomination, Appointment, or Choice of Assignee or Assignees thereunder, shall not, as against any Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any Assurance duly registered under this Act made by the Bankrupt or Insolvent or any other Person by whom the same might have been made if such Bankruptcy or Insolvency had not happened, invalidate or affect such Assurance, unless such Appointment or Choice of Assignees, or Act and Warrant of Confirmation, (in the Case of Bankruptcy,) or Vesting or other Order, or Nomination, Appointment, or Choice of Assignee or Assignees, (in the Case of Insolvency,) as is authorized to be registered under this Act, be duly registered under this Act before the Registration of such Assurance as aforesaid, or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the first Appointment, or Act and Warrant of Confirmation, (in Bankruptcy,) or Order, Nomination, Appointment, or Choice, (in Insolvency,) under which the Estate

18501 Registration of Deeds (Ireland). Cap. 72. 691

and Effects of the Bankrupt or Insolvent shall vest in any Assignee or Assignees or any Trustee under the Bankruptcy or Insolvency.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Priority given by the The Priority

Provisions herein-before contained to any Person claiming for th

valuable Consideration, without Fraud, under a subsequent As- chuaeatobe surance, shall not be taken away by any Court of Equity in enforced in consequence of such Person having been affected with Notice;

and where, under the Provisions herein-before contained, Prio- Sodcef rity shall be given to any Person claiming for valuable Con- — — J sideration under a subsequent Assurance an equitable Estate or Interest, such Priority shall be enforced in Equity, although the Person claiming under such subsequent Assurance shall have been affected with Notice.

XXX. And be it enacted, That where any Estate or In- Purchaser for

terest in Lands in Ireland is vested in any Person under any v*lumb!e C*" Assurance registered under this Act, no Purchaser for valua- tobTafl^tedby bJe Consideration, without Fraud, claiming under any Assu- Notice of Uses mnee made by the Person in whom such Estate or Interest is or Trust* not so vested, shall be affected or bound by reason of Notice of any J/

Use, Trust, or Confidence affecting such Estate or Interest not surance, nor by manifested or proved by such first-mentioned Assurance, or F*?^, Trus1* some other Assurance duly registered under this Act before an

the Registration of the Assurance under which such Purchaser unregistered

so claims; and where in any Assurance registered under this Awornoce.

Act any Use, Trust, or Confidence affecting any Estate or Interest in Lands in Ireland vested in any Person under any Assurance registered under this Act is declared or created by reference to and depends for its Validity or for the Terms thereof upon some other Assurance executed after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, no Purchaser for valuable Consideration, without Fraud, claiming imder any Assurance made by the Person in whom such Estate or Interest is so vested, shall be affected by such Use, Trust, or Confidence, unless the Assurance by reference to which such Use, Trust, or Confidence is so declared or created be registered under this Act before the Registration of the Assurance under which such Purchaser so claims.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Person is inte- Person* in-rested under any Use, Trust, or Confidence affecting any terested Estate or Interest in Lands in Ireland which is vested in any acting eT Person under any Assurance registered under this Act, and t«te* vested such Use, Trust, or Confidence is not manifested or proved by any Assurance registered under this Act, or is in any Assu- enter an *

ranee registered under this Act declared and created by refer- inhibition ence to and depends for its Validity or for the Terms thereof aPain, t Alien* upon some other Assurance executed after the Commencement at, on* of Registration under this Act, and not registered under this Act, any Person so interested as aforesaid may, by a Requisition in Writing under his Hand, delivered at the said Register Office together with such Affidavit as herein-after mentioned,

Cap. 72.' Registration of Deeds (Ireland}. 13 & 14 Vict.

Inhibition to be entered in Index of Titles.

Provision for cancelling Inhibition.

Court of Chancery may restrain Registrar from cancelling Inhibition.

require an Inhibition in respect of any Lands to be mentiohei in such Requisition to be entered in the said Register Office against any Person to be mentioned in such Requisition in whom such Estate or Interest is vested as aforesaid, inhibiting such last-mentioned Person from alienating, charging, or affecting such Lands by virtue of such Estate or Interest, without Notice being first given by the said Registrar to the Person signing such Requisition, or some Person on his Behalf, at some Office or Place to be mentioned in such Requisition, and situate within Ten Miles of the said Register Office; and saoh Requisition shall specify the Date of and Parties to the As* surance under which such Estate or Interest is vested, and the Head under which the same is entered in the Index of Titles; and the Affidavit to be delivered with such Requisition shall be made by the Person signing such Requisition, and such Parson shall therein swear that he believes that he is interested under such Use, Trust, or Confidence as aforesaid, and such Affidavit shall be sworn before any Person or Persons before whom any other Affidavit authorized to be deposited in the said Register Office under this Act may be sworn; and all Requisitions for Inhibitions shall, together with the respective Affidavits delivered therewith, be from Time to Time made up into Books or Parcels, and numbered, the Affidavit delivered with each Requi* sition being numbered with the same Number as the Requisition.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That where an Inhibition is so required to be entered as aforesaid an Entry shall be made in the Index of Titles under the same Head and expressing the like Particulars as if the same were an Assurance to be registered under this Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person against whom such Inhibition is so entered as aforesaid, or any Person interested in the Lands to which the same relates, may, by Writing signed by such Person, and lodged at the said Register Office, require the said Registrar to cancel the Entry in the said Index of Titles of such Inhibition; and the said Registrar shall, within Two Days after such Requisition, give Notice thereof to the Person on whose Requisition the Inhibition has been entered, and shall state in such Notice that on the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Service thereof the Inhibition will be cancelled; and the Service of such Notice at the Office or Place mentioned in the Requisition for the Inhibition shall be deemed good Service thereof; and at the Expiration of the said Period of Fourteen Days after such Service the said Registrar, unless sooner restrained by the Order of the Court of Chancery as herein-after mentioned, shall cancel the Entry in the Index of Titles of the said Inhibition.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon the Application of any Party interested, by Motion or Petition in a summary Way, without Bill filed, to restrain the Registrar of the said Register Office from cancelling the Entry of any Inhibition entered under

moi

693;

Registration of Deeds (Ireland), Cap. 72.

Om Act: Provided always, .that the said Court of Chancery shall have full Power, upon the Application of any Party, to discharge or vary such Order, and to award such Costs on such Application as such Court may see fit, and generally to make such Order in relation to the Premises as to the same Court may seem fit.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Person claiming, under Persons daim-any Assurance made by any Person against whom any Inhibi-turn is entered as aforesaid, by virtue of any Estate or Interest inhibition in Lands in Ireland vested in such last-mentioned Person in is on the Regia-relation to which such Inhibition is entered, shall, where such ter to hearted Assurance is executed after the Entry of such Inhibition, and in registered before the same is cancelled, be affected by and take, subject Deed, to the Uses, Trusts, and Confidences affecting such Estate and Interest, in like Manner as if such Uses, Trusts, and Confidences had been manifested by a registered Deed.

XXXVI. And be it enacted and declared, That where any Assurances Two or more Assurances to be registered under this Act shall registered at be registered at the same Time, such Assurances shall have pjrit° Priority according to the Order of Time in which the same as executed/ shall have been executed.

XXXVII. And be it enacted and declared, That every Per- Protection to sou who shall claim without valuable Consideration under any extend to Per-Person who shall have claimed for valuable Consideration shall 3^7 Pur1 be entitled to the same Preference, Protection, and Advantage chaser *, under rise Provisions of this Act as the Person who shall have m claimed for valuable Consideration.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That m any Case in which Protection by Priority or Protection might but for this Act have been given ^uddng not or allowed in Equity to any Estate or Interest in Lands in Ire- to be allowed. Amd, by reason or on the Ground of such Estate or Interest being protected by or tacked to any legal or other Estate or Interest in such Lands, no such Priority or Protection shall, after the Commencement of [Registration under this Act, be so given or allowed, except as against any Estate or Interest which shall have existed prior to such Commencement; and full Effect shall be given in every Court of Equity to this present Provision, although the Party claiming such Priority or Protection as aforesaid shall claim as a Purchaser for valuable Consideration, and without Notice.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That when any Assurance has Power for any boen registered under this Act in the said Register Office, any Person to re-Pttaon may, by a Requisition in Writing under his Hand deli- *nna^ntry vered at the said Register Office, require the Registrar to make under any Head an Entry of such Assurance in the Index of Titles, under any in index of Head or Heads to be specified in such Requisition; and such Entry shall express the Year and Day of the Month when the ranee indexed same is made, and the Book or Parcel in which such Assurance under any other is made up, and the Number of such Assurance in such Book or Head *

Parcel, and, where such Assurance is entered in the Index of Titles, the Number of the Head under which such Assurance has been indexed. '

Xx 4

694

An Assurance which would have the Effect of merging any Interest not to have such Effect as against a subsequent Purchaser of such Interest, unless an Entry be made to lead such Purchaser to the Assu« ranee.

Power to enter a Caveat.

Mode of entering Caveats.

Extent of Protection to be afforded by Caveats.

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT,

XL. And be it enacted, That where any Lands which shall be affected by an Assurance by this Act authorized to be registered shall be subject to auy Term of Years or other particular Estate (whether vested or contingent or executory), or to any Charge (whether vested or contingent or executory), and such Assurance would (so far as this present Enactment does not operate) have the Effect, either immediately or at any Time afterwards, of merging or extinguishing such Term of Years or other particular Estate, or of releasing or extinguishing such Charge or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein or in any Part thereof, the same Assurance shall not have such Effect as against any Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any subsequent Assurance duly registered, whereby such Term of Years or other particular Estate or such Charge or Interest shall be assigned or otherwise affected by any Person, who, if such Merger, Release, or Extinguishment had not taken place, would have been entitled to make such Assurance, unless before the Registration of such subsequent Assurance an Entry of the Assurance which would have the Effect of merging, releasing, or extinguishing such Term of Years or other particular Estate, or Charge or Interest, or Part respectively, be made in the Index of Titles under the existing Head (if any) under which an Assurance of such Term of Years or other particular Estate, or Charge or Interest, if the same were subsisting, ought under the Provisions of this Act to be indexed or entered.

XLI. And be it enacted, That any Person may, by a Requisition in Writing under his Hand, delivered at the said Register Office, require a Caveat in respect of any Lands to be mentioned in such Requisition to be entered in the said Register Office in favour of any Person described in such Requisition; and the Requisitions for Caveats shall from Time to Time be made up into Books or Parcels, and numbered.

XLII. And be it enacted, There where a Caveat is so required to be entered an Entry shall be made in the Index of Titles under the same Head (whether an existing or new Head) and expressing the like Particulars as if the same were an Assurance to be registered under this Act affecting the Lands mentioned in the Requisition for such Caveat, and made by the Person requiring such Caveat to be entered; and where an Entry in the Land Index would be required under this Act if the Entry so made in such Index of Titles were an Entry of such Assurance, the like Entry shall be made in the Land Index in the Case of such Entry in such Index of Titles of such Caveat.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That where a Caveat is duly registered under this Act as to any Lands, every Person claiming for valuable Consideration under any Assurance affecting the same Lands to be made by the Person by whom the Entry of the Caveat has been required, or any Person claiming under him. to or with the Concurrence of the Person in whose Favour the Caveat was so entered, or his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and registered in the Manner directed by

this

1850. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). Cap. 72. 695

this Act within Three Calendar Months after the Caveat has been so entered as to such Lands, shall be entitled to the same Preference, Protection, and Advantage under the Provisions of this Act as if such Assurance had been executed and so registered as aforesaid at the Time of entering the Caveat.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Caveat The Protection which shall be entered under the Provisions of this Act shall CV*U be of any Force or Effect, except by way of Protection to a Contract entered into at or before the Date of the Entry of the Caveat, or by way of Protection to an Assurance for valuable Consideration made or executed in pursuance of such Contract, or by way of Protection to any Assurance for valuable Consideration which at the Date of the Entry of the Caveat shall have been executed by some One or more of the Parties by whom the Lands shall be conveyed or otherwise affected, or by way of Protection to any Assurance for valuable Consideration which shall have been in contemplation at the Date of such Entry; and no Caveat shall have any Force or Effect as against the Operation of the Bankruptcy or Insolvency of the Person requiring any Caveat to be entered, or any Act tinder such Bankruptcy or Insolvency.

XLV. And be it enacted, That there shall be made and A Seal to be kept at the said Register Office a Seal, to be called "The Seal an.d of the Register Office," and judicial Notice shall be taken of the ^Ik^jmlicUl Impressions thereof in all Courts, without any Evidence of the Notice of. said Seal having been impressed, or any other Evidence in relation thereto.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That where there are duplicate Duplicates of Originals of any Assurance which is registered under this Act, deposited it shall be lawful for any Person to bring or send to the said com-Register Office any duplicate Original which has not been de- pared at the posited in the said Register Office, in order that the same may Office, and be compared with the deposited Original, and thereupon the cerlified-Document so brought or sent shall be compared accordingly, and any Variances which mAy be found shall be noted in the Margin of such Document; and in every such Case the Seal of the Register Office shall be impressed on each Skin or Sheet of the Document brought or sent to be compared as aforesaid; and a Certificate, signed by the proper Officer of the said Register Office, shall be written at the Head or in the Margin of such Document, or shall be endorsed on the same, which Certificate shall contain a Statement that a Duplicate of the Document in or upon which the same is written has been deposited in the said Register Office, and shall state the Parties by whom the deposited Original appears to have been executed, and shall specify the Book or Parcel in which the same is made up, and the Number of the Document in such Book or Parcel; and Every Docu-every Document so sealed, with such Certificate thereon, containing such Statement, and purporting to be so signed as as Evidence aforesaid, shall in all Coses be Evidence that another Part of that another the same Assurance has been deposited in the said Register Partoftbeaame

Air Assurance has

Uffice» been deposited.

Copies of and Extracts from deposited Instruments to be provided, on Application, and to be certified.

The Seal of the Office, with a Certificate, to be Evidence of such Copies and Extracts.

Where there are Duplicates of a registered Assurance, One Duplicate to be exempted from Stamp Duty, provided the deposited Document is duly stamped.

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Office, and is made up in the Book or Parcel mentioned in such Certificate, and is numbered in the said Book or Pared as in such Certificate is specified.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar shall cause to be provided for any Person applying for the same Copies or Extracts from any Document which has been deposited in the said Register Office under this Act; and in every Case when a Copy or Extract is so provided the Seal of the said Register Office shall be impressed on each Sheet of such Copy or Extract; and a Certificate, signed by the proper Officer of the said Register Office, shall be written at the Head or in the Margin of such Copy or Extract, or shall be endorsed on the same, which Certificate shall contain a Statement that the Copy or Extract on which the same is written is an examined Copy of or Extract from a Document deposited in the said Register Office, and shall specify the Book or Parcel in which such Document is made up, and the Number of such Document in such Book or Parcel; and every Document so sealed, with such Certificate thereon, containing such Statement and purporting to be so signed as aforesaid, shall be Evidence that such Document is a Copy or Extract from a Document deposited in the said Register Office, and made up in the Book or Parcel specified in such Certificate, and numbered in such Book or Pared as in such Certificate is expressed, and of the Contents of the Document deposited in the said Register Office, or of such Part thereof as is purported to be extracted.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That wffiere there are duplicate Originals of any Assurance which has been registered under this Act, and the duplicate Original which has not been deposited in the said Register Office is brought or sent to the said Register Office for the Purpose of being compared, such duplicate Original shall be exempted from the Stamp Duty or Duties payable thereon, provided the proper Stamp or Stamps has or have been impressed on the deposited Original; and upon the duplicate Original which has not been deposited being brought or sent to the said Register Office for the Purpose of being compared as aforesaid, the proper Officer of the said Register Office shall endorse on such duplicate Original a Certificate specifying the Description and Amount of the Stamp or Stamps which has or have been impressed on the deposited Original, which Certificate shall be stamped with the Seal of the said Register Office, and signed by t lie Officer by whom the same is given; and every such Certificate sealed and purporting to be signed as aforesaid shall be sufficient Evidence in all Courts and before all Persons that the Stamp or Stamps specified in such Certificate is or are impressed on the Original deposited in the said Register Office as aforesaid, - and that the Document on which such Certificate is endorsed is the duplicate Original exempted from Stamp Duty under this Enactment: Provided always, that where any such Certificate as aforesaid is given under this Enactment the proper Officer of the said

Register

697

1850.' ' Bbgutrfltion tf Deeds (JIreland). Cstp. 72.

Register Office shall enter in the Margin of the Document deposited a Memorandum that a Duplicate thereof has been exempted from Stamp Duty, and no Certificate shall afterwards he si yen for exempting from Stamp Duty any duplicate Original of such Document: Provided also, that no such Certificate as aforesaid shall be given for exempting from Stamp Duty the Duplicate of any Lease in any Case where either the duplicate Original deposited in the said Register Office, or the duplicate Original' brought or sent to the said Register Office for the Pvrpoee of being compared as aforesaid, is executed by the Lessee, unless- another duplicate Ordinal with the proper Stamp or Stamps (if any) snail at the same Time be produced at the said Register Office; and every Certificate which is so given in respect of any such Lease as aforesaid shall state the Names of the Parties by whom the Document on which such Certificate is endorsed appears at the Date of the Certificate to have been executed, and if such Document be afterwards executed by any other Person the Certificate shall no longer be of any Foroeor Effect.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Memorials and Copies to be registered pursuant to this Act, and tall Copies and Extracts of or from any of the Documents to be deposited in the said Register Office, and all Extracts from any of the Indexes to be kept at the said Register Office, and all Certificates of the Result of Searches in the said Indexes, and all Requisitions for such Copies, Extracts, and Searches respectively, shall be exempt from Stamp Duty.

JLu And be it enacted, That no Document deposited in the said Register Office under this Act shall be removed from the same, except in obedience to any legal Process for the Production thereof, and none of the Indexes to be kept at the said Register Office as aforesaid shall be removed from the same on any Account whatsoever.

LiL Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Will has been registered under this Act by the Deposit of the original Will, the Registrar shall, upon the Request of any Person entitled to prove such Will, or to take out Letters of Administration to the Testator with such Will annexed, such Request to be testified by some Writing signed by and containing the Address of the Person making such Request, and specifying the Court in which the Will is desired to be proved, or in which Administration to the Testator with the Will annexed is desired to be taken out, cause such Will, together with a Certificate of the same having been deposited in the said Register Office, which Certificate shall be sealed with the Seal of the Register Office, and signed by the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar, to be transmitted to the Court so specified, in order that the same may be proved in such Court, or that Administration to the Testator with such Will annexed may be granted by such Court; and the Registrar or other the Chief Officer of the Court to which the same Will is 80 trans-> " mitted,

The Exemption not to apply to Duplicates of Leases where either Part is executed by Lessee.

Memorials, Office Copies, Extracts, and Requisitions to be exempt from Stamp Duty.

Documents deposited at the Register Office not to be removed except on legal Process.

Wills deposited at the Register Office may be removed for the Purpose of being proved, &c.

After being proved, &c. the Will is to be returned.

Cap. 72.

Registration of Deeds (Ireland)* v 13 & 14 Vict.

Searches of the Indexes to be permitted, and Inspections of deposited 1 Instruments allowed.

Searches of the Indexes to be made on llequi. sition, and Certificates given.

The Duties of Attornies, &c. to be fulfilled by causing an Office Search to be made.

Attornies, &c. indemnified in relying on the Accuracy of Certificates.

Power to the Registrar to order that Documents to be deposited shall be written bookwise, or otherwise, &c.

mitted, or his Deputy, shall, immediately after such Will has been proved in such Court, or after Letters of Administration of the Effects of the Testator with such Will annexed have been granted by such Court, or immediately after the Termination of the Proceedings in such Court, cause the same Will to be returned to the said Register Office,

LII. And be it enacted, That, subject to such Regulations as may be made from Time to Time by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, every Person, on Application at the said Register Office, shall be allowed to inspect and search any of the Indexes to be kept at the said Register Office as aforesaid, and to examine and inspect any of the Documents to be deposited in the said Register Office as aforesaid, and to take Extracts from any such Indexes or Documents as aforesaid; and the said Registrar shall, upon the Delivery of such Requisitions as under such Regulations may be required in this Behalf, give negative and other Certificates of the Result of Searches; and every such Certificate shall be sealed with the Seal of the said Register Office, and signed by the Registrar or an Assistant Registrar of the said Register Office.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which it shall be the Duty of any Attorney, Solicitor, or certificated Conveyancer to make any Search in any of the Indexes to be kept at the said Register Office, such Attorney, Solicitor, or certificated Conveyancer shall be held to have fulfilled his Duty in that Behalf by making an Application at the said Register Office, for such Search to be made, and obtaining a Certificate of the Result of the same, and shall not be responsible for any Error or Mistake in the Result of such Search as stated in such Certificate; and in all other Cases every Attorney, Solicitor, or certificated Conveyancer shall stand indemnified in relying on the Accuracy of any Certificate to be made or given in pursuance of this Act.

LIY. And be it enacted, That for facilitating the making up into Books or Parcels of the several Documents to be deposited at the said Register Office as aforesaid, and for the Convenience of Reference thereto, it shall be lawful for the Registrar from Time to Time (either before or after the Commencement of Registration under this Act)* by a Notice to be published at least Four Times in the " Dublin Gazette" of which the last Time shall be not less than Three Calendar Months before the Time when the same is intended to take effect, to order and direct that all Documents of any Description to be specified in such Notice which shall be brought or sent to thq said Register Office in order to be deposited in the same under this Act (with any Exceptions which shall be specified in such Notice) shall be written or engrossed bookwise, or in such other Manner as shall be specified in such Notice, and shall be written or engrossed either on Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, as shall in that Behalf be in such Notice directed, and to order and direct that such Paper, Vellum, or Parchment

shall

1850.

Registration of Deeds (Ireland). Cap. 72.

609

shall be of such Description and of such Shape and Dimensions as in such Notice shall be specified; and if in any Case after the Additional Time when any Notice to be given in pursuance of this Power Payment on has taken effect any Document within the Meaning of such Person88endin8

. , rv/E, Documents to

Notice be brought or sent to the said Register Office to be be deposited deposited as aforesaid, which is not conformable with the Direc- shall not tion or Directions in respect of the same contained in such Notice, the Person by whom the Application for the Registra- Order, tion or for entering the Caveat is made shall pay, in addition to the ordinary Fee herein-after made payable for the same, such extra Fee as the Registrar may in each Case think fit, not exceeding the Amount of the said ordinary Fee.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to the Registrar from Time to Time, either before or after the Com- Rcg«tr« to mencement of Registration under this Act, by a Notice to be ments for1*1*" published not less than Four Times in the " Dublin Gazette " regulating the (of which the last Time shall be at least Three Calendar Months Entrie?to be before the Time when the same shall be intended to take effect), A%m

to require that any Statements which may appear to the said Registrar necessary or proper for directing or regulating the Entries to be made on Registration, and for affording Information for the making of such Entries, shall be made and brought or sent to the said Register Office; and it shall also be lawful for the Registrar by any such Notice to specify the Form of such Statements as aforesaid, and to require that the same shall be signed by the Persons respectively requiring the Registration, and shall contain the Address of such Persons respectively, and aliso to require that the same shall be either written in or endorsed on the Documents to be deposited as aforesaid, or written on separate Papers, as the Registrar shall think fit.

LVI. And be it enacted and declared, That nothing in this No Officer of Act contained shall render the Registrar or any other Officer ^Register of the said Register Office in any way responsible or liable in re81^nsi°ble for respect of any Lioss or Damage which may be sustained or in- Omissions or curred by any Person in consequence of the Omission of any b

Entry or Reference required by this Act on the Registration D^f^Tin the of any Assurance, or in consequence of any Delay in making Statement, any such Entry or Reference, or in consequence of any Error in any such Entry or Reference, in any Case where no Statement has been sent to the said llegister Office conformably with any such Order as aforesaid, or in any Case where such Statement has been so sent as aforesaid and Entries or References in conformity therewith have been made.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasury to fir Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by an Order to take ut^n^nder effect on the Commencement of Registration under this Act, this Act. to fix the Fees to be taken in the said Register Office in respect of Documents to be registered, Searches, Certificates, Office Copies, and other Matters to be done in the said Office under this Act; and the Powers contained in the said Act of the Third Year of King William the Fourth, of reducing, altering, or vary-

mg

Power for the Treasury to make Regulations as to numbering Documents, making £ntries, examining Documents, making Copies, Extracts, and Searches, granting Certificates, &c.

Registration under this Act to have the same Effect against Acts prior to Commencement of Registration as Registration under former Acts.

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

ing Fees established in the said Register Office, and establishing other Fees, shall extend to the Fees to be fixed as aforesaid; and the Fees to be taken under this Act shall be accounted for and

applied according to the Provisions of the said Act

LVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations as they from Time to Time deem proper, as to the Mode and Time in and at which the Documents hereinbefore directed to be made up into Books or Parcels and numbered shall be so made up and numbered; and as to the Manner and Time in and at which the Entries hereby directed to be made shall be made; and as to the Use of the Seal of the said Register Office; and as to the Examination and Comparison of duplicate Originals of deposited Documents, and the granting of Certificates with reference thereto; and as to the making of Copies of and Extracts from deposited Documents, and the granting of Certificates with reference thereto, and the Restrict tions and Conditions under which such Copies, Extracts, or Certificates shall be given; and as to the making Searches of and providing and issuing Extracts from any of the Indexes to be kept at the said Register Office, and granting Certificates with reference thereto; and as to the Forms of Requisitions for such Copies, Extracts, or Searches as aforesaid, and the giving of Receipts for Documents received at the said Register Office; and as to the Mode in which and the Restrictions and Conditions under which Searches of the Indexes kept at the said Office, and Inspection of the Documents deposited there, shall be permitted; and as to the Payment and Application of the Fees received by the Registrar or by the said Office; and as to the Expenses and Disbursements of the said Office, and the auditing of the Accounts thereof; and as to all other Matters and Things whatsoever connected with the Regulation and Management of the said Register Office and the Execution of this Act, not specially hereby provided for; and from Time to Time to alter, vary, or revoke any such Order, Rule, or Regulation, and make any new Orders, Rules, and Regulations for the Purposes aforesaid; and by any such Order, Rule, or Regulation as herein-before mentioned to leave or refer any of the several Matters aforesaid, or any other Matter connected with the Execution of this Act, to the Discretion of the Registrar.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the Registration under this Act of any Assurance executed after the Commencement of Registration under this Act, or of any Will of any Testator who shall die after such Commencement of Registration, or of any Appointment, Choice, Act and Warrant, Nomination or Order, made after such Commencement, in any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, shall have the same Effect in giving Validity and Priority to such Will or other Assurance, Appointment, Choice, Act and Warrant, Nomination or Order, as against Persons claiming under any Assurance made before the Commencement of Registration under this Act, or under any Will made by any Testator

1850. Registration qfDeeds (Ireland)* Cap. 72; 701

who has died before such Commencement; as the Registration of a Memorial of such Assurance. executed after such Commencement, or of such Will of any Testator who shall die after such Commencement, or the Registration of the proper Document evidencing such Appointment, Choice, Act and Warrant,

Nomination or Order, so respectively made after such Commencement, would have had in case this Act had not been passed, and such Memorial or Document had been registered at the Time at which such Assurance, Will; Appointment,

Choice, Act and Warrant, Nomination or Order, shall be registered under the Provisions of this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, except as Entries of herein particularly mentioned, no Decree or Order of any Court of Equity, and no Judgment, Rule, Statute, or Recognizance, statutes, Re-(whether the same be obtained or entered into in the Name or cognisances, upon the Account of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person,) and no Inquisition and no Obligation J^ces of Office or Specialty made to Her Majesty, Her Heim or Successors, under7 & 8 Vict. and no Acceptance of Office whereby the Lands of the Officer become chargeable, and no Lis pendens, shall be registered under the Provisions of this Act, but every such Decree, Order, Judgment, Rule, Statute, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation;

Specialty, Acceptance of Office, and Lis pendens entered or registered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Cromn Debts, Lis pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy, and for providing One Office for the registering all Judgments in Ireland, and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions, as amended by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Act of the present Session, to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland, shall have the same Protection and Priority as if this Act had not been passed, a Registration of any Assurance,

Will, or other Act under the Provisions of this Act being for the Purposes of this Enactment to be deemed to have the same Effect as a Registration by Memorial or otherwise under the Provisions of the Acts now in force for the Registration of such Assurance, Will, or Act respectively *

LXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such Transfers Shmre* in Com-and other Assurances of or relating to Shares in any public or to be

private Works or Undertaking of any Corporation, Company, 60 or Society, as by virtue of any local or other Act of Parliament are or shall be required to be registered or otherwise entered or minuted in the Books of the Corporation, Company, or Society, shall not be affected in any Manner whatever by reason of the tame not having been registered under the Provisions of this Act.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge, Punishment for counterfeit^ or imitate, or cause or procure to be forged, coun- for&in«

terfeited, turesre<lu, red

by this Act, or counterfeiting Impressions of the Seal of the Register Office.

Power to the Treasury to consolidate the Registrar of Judgments Office with the Office established under 7 & 8 Vict. c. 9a

Cap. 72. Registration of Deeds (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

terfeited, or imitated, or knowingly act or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or imitating, upon any Document upon which the Seal of the said liegister Office is or shall be required or authorized to be impressed, the Impression or any Part of the Impression of the Seal of the said Register Office, or shall knowingly stamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, or knowingly act or assist in stamping or marking, any such Document with any forged or counterfeited Seal of the said Register Office, with the Intent to defraud any Person whomsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name, Signature, or Handwriting of any Officer of the said Register Office, in any Case in which the Signature of such Officer is or shall be required or authorized to be made, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the Name, Signature, or Handwriting of any Person whomsoever to any Document which is or shall be required or directed to be signed by such Person, or shall, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, use any Document upon which any Impression or Part of the Impression of any Seal of the said Register Office shall have been forged, counterfeited, or imitated, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or imitated, or any Document the Signature of which shall be so forged or counterfeited as aforesaid, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than One Year.

LXIII. And whereas by the Operation of the Act of the present Session," to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in " Ireland," the Duties of the Office of the Registrar of Judgments will be diminished, and it may be expedient to discontinue the same as a separate Office Be it therofore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they see fit, to order the Consolidation with the said Register Office of the Office established under the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, and to transfer to the said Register Office all or any of the Officers and Clerks appointed or authorized to be appointed under such last-mentioned Act, and to order that the Offices of all or any of such Officers and Clerks shall be abolished upon the Persons who may hold such Offices respectively at the Time of the making of such Order ceasing to hold the same, and to make such Order for the Regulation of the Business to be transacted in the said Register Office upon such Consolidation as the said Commissioners may see fit; and the Officers to whom any Duties of the said Office established under the said Act of the Seventh

and

1850,

Registration of Deeds (Ireland).

Cap. 72.

703

and Eighth Years of Her Majesty shall be transferred under such Order shall have as full Powers and Jurisdiction for all official Purposes, and be subject to the like Liabilities in respect of such Duties and the Performance thereof, as the Officers whose Duties shall be so transferred enjoyed or were subject to before such Consolidation; and all Books belonging to the said Office established under the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty shall, on such Day as shall be mentioned in any Order of the said Commissioners, be deposited in the said Register Office, subject to the like Right of Access thereto, and upon the like Payment, as if the same had remained in the Office from which the same shall be removed.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless such Meanings be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context; (that is to say,) Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number; Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females; the Word "Person," and Words applying to any Person or Individual, shall apply to and include Corporations, whether aggregate or sole; the Word "Lands" shall extend to all Manors, Messuages, Lands, Advowsons, Rectories, Tithes, Rents, and other Hereditaments whatsoever, whether corporeal or incorporeal, and also to any Estate or Interest in any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Advowsons, Rectories, Tithes, Rents, or other Hereditaments, whether the same be a Freehold or a Chattel Interest, and whether legal or equitable; the Word " Assurance" shall extend to a Contract; the Word a Will " shall extend to a Codicil, and to an Appointment by Will or by Writing in the Nature of a Will in exercise of a Power; the Word "Person" shall extend to a Body Corporate as well as an Individual; the Word "Title" shall extend to a Power or Right to convey or otherwise affect Lands; the Word " Grantor" shall apply to any Person by whom Lands shall be conveyed, appointed, charged, or otherwise affected; and every Person claiming derivatively under any Assurance shall be considered as claiming under the same; and the Word "Addition" where the Addition of any Person whose Name is required by this Act to be entered in any Index to be kept at the said Register Office is hereby directed to be entered with such Name shall mean the Description as to Residence, Title, Rank, Profession, or Occupation.

LXV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed in this present Session of Parliament

Interpretation of Terms.

Act may be .mended,

Clo. 45, Price 2d.-]

Yy

704

S& 4 Vict c. 108.

So much of recited Act as regulates the special Bail to be given in Attachments out of Borough Courts against Goods, repealed.

No Foreign or other Attachment to issue unless Debt, &c. exceeds 201.

What Plaintiff's Affidavit must state where Plaintiff desires to proceed by Attachment of Goods, &c.

Cap. 73. Borough Courts of Record (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

CAP. LX XIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Process of Attachment of Goods in the Borough and other Courts of Record in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Third and Fourth Yean ' of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, i£ was ' amongst other things enacted that in all Cases of Debt or ' liquidated Damages, in which the Plaintiff should be desirous c of proceeding in the Court of Record of any Borough, by ' Attachment of Goods, the Plaintiff or One of the Plaintiffe,

or some Person able to depose to the Facts of his own Knowledge, should first make an Affidavit, before the Recorder or the Mayor of such Borough, of the Cause of Action in ' manner therein provided, and that thereupon it should be lawful for such Recorder or Mayor to issue an Attachment,

to be directed to the proper Officer of the Court, to attach

the Goods of the Defendant within the Borough; and there-

upon such Officer is by the said Act authorized and required ' to seize such Goods and to detain the same until the Defendant shall have given Special Bail to pay such Sum of Money ' as may be adjudged to the Plaintiff in that Suit: And whereas it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Attachment of Goods to compel Appearance in

the Borough and other Courts of Record in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by vhe Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act so much of said Act as authorizes and requires the Officer of any such Borough Court to seize the Goods of a Defendant, and to detain the same until the Defendant shall have given Special Bail to pay such Sum of Money as may be adjudged to the Plaintiff in the Suit, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Par on to proceed in any such Court of Record in Ireland by way of Attachment of Goods to compel Appearance, or by way of Foreign Attachment, where the Debt or Damages sought to be recovered in such Action, and sworn to be due, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all Cases of Debt or liquidated Damages where the Sum sought to be recovered and sworn to in such Action shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and in which the Plaintiff shall be desirous of proceeding in any such Court of Record by Attachment of Goods, in addition to the . Statements

705

1850. Borough Courts of Record (Ireland). Cap. 73.

inents now by Law required to be made in the Affidavit to be sworn and filed by or on behalf of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs before the issuing of any Writ of Attachment of Goods to compel Appearance, it shall be necessary to show by such Affidavit that there is probable Cause for believing that the Defendant is about to abscond or to quit Ireland, or to remove, conceal, assign, or otherwise dispose of his Goods or Chattels with Intent to defraud his Creditors.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Commence- i, cases in ment of this Act, in all Cases in which Goods shall be seized which Good* under or by virtue of any such Attachment, the same shall not be removed off the Defendant's Premises, if seized thereon, s^ial^BaSTby until the Expiration of such a Period of Time not exceeding Defendant to be Four Days as the said Defendant, by Notice in Writing to be 8ufficienL delivered to the Bailiffs or other Persons who shall have seized the same, shall require; and it shall be sufficient, instead of giving Special Bail to pay such Sum of Money as may be adjudged to the Plaintiff as by the said recited Act or otherwise required, that. Special Bail shall be given by the Defendant to pay all such Debt, Damages, Expenses, and Costs as shall be adjudged in that Cause to the Plaintiff against the Defendant, or to render the Body of the Defendant into the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of the City of Dublin, in case the Action shall be pending in the Court of the Borough of Dublin, or other Prison as herein-after provided of the Court out of which such Attachment shall issue, as the Case may be.

V. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the in default of Goods of any Defendant shall be seized under any such Attach- Special Bail ment, and the Defendant shall not give Special Bail in manner ^f^entered aforesaid within the Time now limited by Law for appearing for'Defendant, to such Action or giving Special Bail, or according to the Course of the Court, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff in such Action, upon filing a Certificate of the Marshal or other Officer of the Court having the Custody of the Goods so attached that the same are in his Custody for Want of Special Bail, to enter an Appearance or file Common Bail. for the Defendant, and thereupon to serve on the Defendant Notice of such Appearance having been entered or Common Bail filed, by leaving with him or at his usual Place of Abode a Copy of such Notice, and such Service shall be verified on Oath in such Manner as the Court shall direct, and the Plaintiff may thereupon proceed to obtain Judgment, according to the Course of the Court, as if an Appearance had been duly entered by the Defendant.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be Power to De-lawful for any Defendant to procure the Goods which shall fcndanttoget have been seized under an Attachment, and before the Re-moral thereof, to be appraised, (the Appraisement to be made give Bail to the by such Person or Persons and in such Manner and within Amount of the such Time as the Court shall by any General or Special Order Appraisement.

Y y 2 c 'rect,)

706

Cap. 73. Borough Courts of Record (13 & 14 VICT.

Mode of Surrender in discharge of Bail.

Mode of Surrender if a Defendant already in Custody.

direct,) and the Expenses of such Appraisement shall be defrayed in the first instance by the Defendant, but shall be Costs in the Cause, and abide the Event of the Suit; and in case the Goods seized shall amount in Value to less than the Sum for which the Attachment issued, it shall be sufficient for the Defendant to give Special Bail (in double the Amount of the appraised Value of the Goods) to pay all such Debt, Damages, Expenses, and Costs as shall be adjudged in such Cause to the Plaintiff against the Defendant, or to render the Body of the Defendant into the Custody of the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of the City of Dublin, in case such Action shall be pending in the said Court of the Borough of Dublin, or other Prison, as herein-after provided, of the Court out of which such Attachment shall issue, as the Case may be.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the Attachment shall have issued out of the Court of Record of the Borough of Dublin, the Defendant who shall have been held to Special Bail as aforesaid may be rendered in discharge of his Bail to the Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of the City of Dublin; and in all Cases in which the Attachment shall have issued out of any other Borough or other Court than the Borough Court of Dublin, the Defendant may be rendered in discharge of his Bail to the Marshalsea or other Prison of the Borough or other Court by which his Goods were attached, and if there be no such Prison of any such Borough or other Court, then to the Common Gaol of the County in which such Borough, Town, or Place, or such Part thereof in which his Goods were attached, shall be situate; and the Bender to the said Marshalsea or Gaol shall be effected in the Manner following, that is to say, the Defendant or his Bail, or one of them, shall for the Purpose of such Bender obtain an Order of the Court out of which the Writ of Attachment issued, and shall lodge such Order with the said Marshal or with the Gaoler of such Prison or Gaol, (as the Case may be,) and a Notice in Writing of the Lodgment of such Order, and of the Defendant's being actually in Custody of such Marshal or Gaoler by virtue of such Order, signed by the Defendant or the Bail, or either of them, or by the Attorney of any or either of them, shall be delivered to the Plaintiff's Attorney, and the Marshal or Sheriff, or other Person responsible for the Custody of Debtors in such Marshalsea Prison or Gaol, shall on such Bender so perfected be duly charged with the Custody of such Defendant, and the said Bail shall be thereupon wholly exonerated from Liability as such.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a Defendant who shall at any Time at or after the Commencement of this Act be in Custody of the Marshal of the said Marshalsea, or of the Gaoler of the Prison or Gaol of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, at the Time of the Seizure of his Goods, under any Writ of Attachment out of any such

Borough

1850. Borough Courts of Record (Ireland). Cap. 73. 707

Borough or other Court, may give such Special Bail, and thereupon may forthwith be rendered to such Marshal or Gaoler of the Prison or Gaol in which such Defendant shall then be in Custody in discharge of his said Bail in any Action in such Court of Record in the Manner herein-before provided for a Render in discharge of Bail, and the Marshal or Sheriff or other Person responsible for the Custody of Debtors in such Marshalsea Prison or Gaol shall, on such Render, be charged with the Custody of such Defendant, and the said Bail shall be thereupon wholly exonerated from Liability as such.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Plaintiff in any such if a pufotiff

Proceeding by way of Attachment shall not obtain Judgment not obtain

for Debt or Damages for a Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds, he a

shall not be entitled to any Costs, but the Defendant shall be 20/ the De^ entitled to recover his Costs from the Plaintiff, unless the Judge fendmnt shall of the Court from which such Attachment shall have issued ^£|ltledto shall, within One Month after final Judgment, certify that the Plaintiff had reasonable Cause for filing an Affidavit of Debt

for the full Amount for which such Attachment issued; and in case any such Defendant shall be entitled to his Costs from the Plaintiff as aforesaid, the Court shall, by a General or Special Order, limit the Period within which the Defendant shall have the Amount of such Costs taxed and ascertained, and until the Expiration of such Period, unless the Defendant's Costs shall be taxed and ascertained in the meantime, the Plaintiff shall be disabled from taking out any Execution for the Sum recovered by the Judgment; and in case the Defendant's Costs shall be ascertained within the Period aforesaid the Plaintiff shall take out Execution in such Sum only by which the Amount of the Judgment shall exceed the Amount of the taxed Costs of the Defendant; and in such Case, if the Sum recovered by the Judgment shall be less than the Amount of the Defendant's taxed Costs, then the Defendant shall be entitled, after deducting the Amount of the Judgment from the Amount of his taxed Costs, to take out Execution for the Balance of his taxed Costs in like Manner as a Defendant in any such Court may now have Execution for Costs in other Cases, or in such Manner as such Court may, by a general or any special Order, direct.

X. And be it enacted, That all Affidavits which may now Before whom be made before the Recorder or Mayor, Sovereign, or Seneschal Affidavits rosy of any Borough or of any such other Court, and all other be, wonu Affidavits in Proceedings relating to Attachments or Foreign Attachments in any of the Borough or other Courts of Record

in Ireland, may, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be sworn before the Town Clerk or the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of any such Borough or other Court, or before a Commissioner for receiving Affidavits and Special Bail in and for the Borough Court of Galway, whether such Affidavit is intended to be filed in the Court of which such Town Clerk,

Registrar or Deputy Registrar, or Commissioner is an Officer,

Y y 3 or

708

So much of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. repealed as is inconsistent with this Act

Interpretation of Terms.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended, &c.

7 & 8 Vict c. 90.

Registrar of Judgments shall employ a sufficient Number of Clerks for searching and writing, who

C. 73, 74. Borough Courts of Record (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

or in any other such Court in Ireland; and all Proceedings thereupon or in reference thereto shall be as valid and regular as if the same had been sworn before the Recorder or Mayor, Sovereign, or Seneschal of the Borough or Court in which the same shall be filed; and any Person who shall wilfully and corruptly make and subscribe any such Affidavit, knowing the same. to be untrue, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and be liable to be prosecuted and punished accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That so much of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty as is inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include the Singular Number, and Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females, unless there be something in the Subject or the Context repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Registrar of Judgments in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth i " Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled 6 An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments,

Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy ' and for providing One Office for the registering of all Judg- ' ments in Ireland, and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions, certain

Provisions were made for the Regulation of the Office of the Registrar of Judgments thereby established, and it is expedient to make further and other Provision in that BehalfBe

it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Registrar of Judgments appointed under or by virtue of the said Act from Time to Time and at all Times, with the Approval of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, in addition to the Clerks appointed or to be appointed under and by virtue

of

18fi(k Registrar of Judgments Office (Ireland). Cap. 74.

709

of the said recited Act, to employ a sufficient Number of com- shall be paid pet4nt Clerks to do the Business of searching and writing or ^the

engrossing in his Office, who shall be paid, according to the work done, at Quantity of their Work, for searching at the Bate of One the Rates herein Shilling for every Period of Twenty Years or fractional PCcified* Portion thereof over which each Search against any One Person shall extend, and for writing at the Bate of Three Halfpence for every Seventy-two Words, each Figure in any Entry or Copy being counted as a Word; provided always, that no Proviso a* to more than One Clerk shall be so paid in respect of each of

Common Search, and no more than Two in respect of each cr

Negative Search? such Payments to be charged in the incidental Expenses of the said Office in the Manner herein-after provided.

1L And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time ^home Sola-being to authorize the Payment of Salaries, in addition to the nes in addition Payment herein-before directed, to as many of such additional to rateable Gierke, employed in searching as they shall think proper and ^ayr^"ts to reasonable, with a View to ensure the Services of competent clerks. Persons, such Salaries not to exceed in any Instance the Sum of Fifty Pounds yearly, and to be payable for and during the Time such Clerk shall be so employed, and not longer or otherwise, and to be charged in the incidental Expenses of the Office, in the Manner herein-after directed.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act, and by an Act n & 12 Vict.

passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of c-120* i Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Transfer of Landed Property in Ireland, certain Fees are made

payable in the said Office of Registrar of Judgments, and it Vis expedient that the said Fees should be converted into

Stamp Duties Be it therefore enacted, That from and after Fees in Office

the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and jj, of

fifty all and every the Fees authorized and made payable under Under7 & 8 Vict and by virtue of the said recited Acts in the said Office of c. 90. and 11 & Registrar of Judgments shall cease and determine and be no longer payable in the said Office, and that in lieu thereof the stamp Duties several Documents and Memorandums left for Registry in the substituted, said Office, and other Proceedings therein, shall be liable to and impressed with the Stamp Duties in each Behalf respectively set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

IV. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, Duties of levied, collected, and paid in Ireland unto Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several In- to be in addition struments, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, enume- to other Duties rated, and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the payable by Law. several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively set forth, inserted, and described in Words and Figures in the spkl Schedule and in every Part thereof, over and above and in addition to any Stamp Duties or other Duties payable or to be payable by Law for or in respect of the said several Matters and Things or any of them, and that the said Schedule.

710

Duties heretofore provided to be denoted Judgments Registry Duties.

Duties to be under Management of Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

Provisions of recited Acts as to Application of Fees and Payment of Salaries, &c. repealed.

Compensations charged on Fees to be charged on Consolidated Fund.

Salaries to be paid out of Consolidated Fund.

C. 74. Registrar of Judgments Office (Ireland), 13 & 14 VICT.

dule, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be and be deemed, taken, and considered Part of this Act.

V. And whereas by the said first-recited Act it is provided, that every Docket or Requisition for a Negative or ' Common Search in the said Office shall be liable to a Stamp

Duty of One Pound on every Docket or Requisition for a i Negative Search, and a Stamp Duty of Seven Shillings on ' every Docket or Requisition for a Common Search, against

each Person, which said Duties are impressed, denoted, and ' collected as Law Fund Duties, and it is expedient to make other Provision in that Behalf, in order that a distinct Account may be kept of the Produce of the said Office Be it therefore enacted, That the said Duties shall cease to be impressed, denoted, and collected as Law Fund Duties, and shall be impressed, denoted, and collected as Judgments Registry Duties, in like Manner with the Duties mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Duties and the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, who shall keep a distinct Account thereof, and shall be denoted and distinguished by the Words " Judgments Registry," and shall be deemed and construed to be Stamp Duties, and that the several Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, and Matters contained in any Act now or hereafter to be in force with reference to Stamp Duties shall be applicable thereto.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions in the said herein-before recited Acts contained requiring the said Registrar to make Application of the Fees of his Office by Payment of Salaries and Compensations and otherwise, and to account for and lodge Balances as therein directed, shall be and they are hereby repealed and annulled.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the present Reign it is provided, that

certain Compensations therein mentioned shall be paid by the said Registrar of Judgments out of the Produce of the Fees of his Office, and that if the said Fees shall be insufficient

the Commissioners of the Treasury shall be at liberty to direct that any Deficiency shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund; and inasmuch as the said Fees are hereby

converted into Stamp Duties, it is necessary that such Compensations should be charged directly on the Consolidated Fund:'Be it therefore enacted, That the several Compensations in and by the said Act directed shall be charged and chargeable and paid and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, on the Days and at the Periods appointed for the Payment of Salaries and Allowances chargeable thereupon.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Salaries by the said Act appointed to be paid to the said Registrar of Judgments and to his Clerks, and any Salaries to be hereafter legally appointed to be paid to such Registrar or any Clerks to be employed in

his

711

1850. Registrar of Judgments Office (Irelandf). Cap. 74.

his Office, shall be charged and chargeable android and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, on the Days and at the usual Periods appointed for the Payment of Salaries chargeable thereupon; and for Provision for the neces- incidental sary Incidental Expenses of the said Office the said Commis- Expenses, sioners of the Treasury shall pay or cause to be paid, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as they shall think proper, to the said Registrar of Judgments, such Sum or Sums as they shall ascertain to have been necessarily incurred in each and every Quarter, as and for the Payments to Clerks for searching and writing in the said Office, and as and for Books, Stationery,

Coals, Candles, Servants, and other Incidental Expenses; and for the Ascertainment of the said Expenses the said Registrar shall quarterly, at such Periods as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, furnish to them an Account thereof, vouched in such Manner as the said Commissioners may from Time to Time or at any Time require and direct.

X. And be it enacted, That upon the Lodgment of any Registrar of Memorandum for the Registry or Re-entry of any Judgment, or Revival, Decree, Rule, Order, Crown Bond, Recognizance, ^Registry, &c. or Lis pendens, or of any Satisfaction, Vacate, or Quietus, in the said Office, the said Registrar of Judgments shall thereupon give a Certificate signed by him of such Registry or Re-entry, with a Reference to the Books of the Office, whereby the Entry thereof may be readily found, and which Certificate shall contain such Particulars as may be necessary for Identification, and shall be Evidence of such Registry or Re-entry; and it shall be lawful for the said Registrar and he is hereby required, whenever thereunto requested, to give a like Certificate containing the like Particulars of any Judgment, or Revival, Decree, Rule, Order, Crown Bond, Recognizance, Lis pendens, or of any Satisfaction, Vacate, or Quietus, registered at any Time in his said Office or contained in the Books thereof; and for every such Certificate the said Registrar shall be entitled to receive a Fee of Sixpence, and no more.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Costs properly incurred in Co*ts of the Registration of Judgments, Warrants to confess Judgments, ReK»tration of Pleas of Confession, and Consents for Judgment, in pursuance to"beaded to of the several Acts now in force concerning the same, or any Judgment and of them, shall in each and every Case respectively be allowed in Taxation of Costs of Suit against the Cognizor or Defendant, erewi and be added to and charged and recoverable in like Manner, and together with the Amount of the Judgment so registered, or of any Judgment entered or to be entered upon any Warrant of Attorney, Plea of Confession, or Consent for Judgment so registered as aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Registrar of Judg- Registrar of ments shall be and be deemed to be an Officer of the Court of Chancery and of each of the Superior Courts of Common Law, officer o*feech and subject to the Orders of the said Courts respectively in Court in re*p«ct all Matters transacted in his Office, and all Entries made or ^usine8SI to be made in the Books thereof exclusively relating to or con- em>

nected

712 G. 74* Registrar of Judgments Office (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

nected with the Business or Records of such Courts respectively, or of the Offices thereof respectively.

Act may be

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended *mende4»or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Duties of Stamps which are to be paid and payable in Ireland for and in respect of several Instruments, Matters, and Things herein mentioned, used, filed, registered, recorded, or issued in the Office of Registrar of Judgments.

On every Memorandum for the Registration of any s. d. Judgment or Rule for Judgment, or for the Registration of any Decree, Order, or Rule, according to the Directions of the Act 7 & 8 Vict. c. 90. - 5 0

On every Memorandum for the Re-entry of any Judgment, Decree, Order, or Rule, according to the Provisions of the said Act - - 1 0

Oh every Memorandum for the Registration of any Lis pendens, according to the Provisions of the said Act 2 6 On every Memorandum for the Re-entry of any Lis pendens, according to the Provisions of the said Act 1 0 On every Memorandum for the Registration of any Recognizance, Bond, Judgment, or other Obligation to the Crown, or of any Quietus thereof, according to the Provisions of the said Act - - 2 6

On every Requisition for Liberty to search in the Books of the said Office, according to the Provisions of the said Act, and without which Requisition no such Search is to be permitted; for each Person searched against - -- -- - -10

On every Memorandum for the Registration of the Satisfaction or Vacate of any Judgment, Crown Bond, or Recognizance, Decree, Rule, or Order, or for the re-docketting of any Crown Bonds or Recognizances, according to the Provisions of the Act 11 & 12 Vict. c. 120. - - 2 6

On every Requisition for Liberty to search the Books containing recorded Copies of the Negative Searches in the said Office, according to the Provisions of the said Act, and without which Requisition no such Search is to be permitted; for each Person searched against - - 1 0

On every Attested Copy of a Search recorded pursuant to the said Act, when such Copy shall not exceed Three Folios of Seventy-two Words - - 1 0

When such Copy shall exceed Three Folios, for every Folio - - - -04

1850.

Feet (Court of Common Fleas).

Cap. 75.

T15

1 & 3 Vic. .110. t. 19.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of Her Majesty it was enacted that the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas should enter in a Book certain Particulars respecting Judgments, Decrees, Orders, and Rules

therein mentioned, and for every such Entry, and for every (Search in the said Book, the said Master was to be entitled to a Fee therein mentioned: And whereas by another sas Vict. c. 11. 4 Act passed in the Second Year of Her Majesty it was enacted that the said Master should be entitled to receive certain Fees therein named for every Re-entry of any such Judgment, Decree, Order, or Role, for every Entry of Lis pendens, for every Re-entry thereof, for every Entry in the Index to Debtors and Accountants to the Crown," for every

Search therein, and for the Entry of any Quietus therein: 3 & 4 W.4.

And whereas by another Act passed in the Fourth Year of c-74-#*85 *

His late Majesty King William the Fourth it was enacted that

an Officer of the Court of Common Pleas, to be appointed as 1 therein mentioned, should cause a certain Certificate and Affidavit therein mentioned to be filed of Record in the said Court, and that the sa:d Court should from Time to Time make such Orders and Regulations as they should think fit touching the Amount of the Fees to be received by the said Officer in respect of the Matters and Things required to be done and executed by the said Officer: And whereas it is expedient to ascertain the Amount of Fees received under the said Enactments by the said Master and the said Officer respectively, and, in case of Successions and Appointments to their Offices, that the said Fees and Emoluments payable in respect of their several Duties under the said Enactments should not exceed a reasonable Remuneration:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliamen; assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from the Thirtieth Day of September Officers to next the said Master and the said Officer respectively shall cause render all Fees received by them under the Baid Enactments, and all Treasury. C Disbursements made thereout for necessary Expenses, to be duly entered in One or more Books to be kept for that Purpose in their Offices, distinguishing the Fees received under their several Heads, and also the Particulars and Amount of every Disbursement; and shall quarterly, within One Month after the Thirty-first Day of December, the Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, and the Thirtieth Day of September in each Year, render a true and faithful Account in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of all such

Fees

On future Vacancy Fee* may be reduced.

Notice to be given to the Treasury of any new Appointment.

Disbursements not to be increased without Consent of Treasury.

Cap. 75- Fees { Court of Common Fleas). 13 & 14 VICT.

Fees and Disbursements, in such Form of Account, and with such Particulars of Receipt, or otherwise, and accompanied by such Vouchers, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper to require and direct; and if upon Examination of any such Account it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Fees have not been duly accounted for, or that any unreasonable or improper Charge or Deduction has been made in such Account, the said Commissioners may finally settle and adjust the same as they may think reasonable, and the said Master or the said Officer by whom such Account shall have been rendered shall alter and amend the said Account accordingly; and the said Master and the said Officer respectively shall, when required so to do, submit their Books of Account to the Inspection of the said Commissioners or any Person whom they may employ for that Purpose.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may reduce, when and as often as Occasion may require, and so far as may be reasonable, the Amount of Fees and Emoluments to be allowed under the said Acte as Remuneration to any Persons who shall hereafter succeed to the said Office of Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas, and to any Person who shall be appointed, or shall have been appointed after the Twelfth Day of March last past, to the Office of the said Officer in the said Court, so as that the Amount received by the said Master and the said Officer respectively for their own Use shall not exceed a Sum to be fixed by the said Commissioners from Time to Time, having regard to the Nature, Duties, and Responsibility of the said Offices respectively; and the said Commissioners shall give Notice under their Hands to the Holders of the said Offices respectively of the said Amount so fixed from Time to Time, and after giving such Notice the said Commissioners may direct that the Surplus of the Fees and Emoluments received by the said Master and the said Officer respectively shall, after deducting such fixed Sum and such Disbursements as aforesaid, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit of and as Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall after the passing of this Act succeed or be appointed to the Office of the said Senior Master or of the said Officer shall be entitled to any Part of the Fees or Emoluments of the said Offices respectively, until he shall have given Notice in Writing of his Succession or Appointment to such Office to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and until such Notice shall have been given all such Fees and Emoluments shall be accounted for to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Master and the said Officer respectively for the Time being shall not make any Addition to the Number of Persons employed in performing the Duties

715

1850. Fees (Court of Common Fleas). Cap. 75, 76.

Duties in respect of which the said several Fees are levied, or to the Amount of Remuneration to be paid or allowed to any Person so employed, so as to increase the Disbursements charged by the said Master and Officer respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amen '

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to provide for the Division of the Deanery of Saint Burian into Three Rectories, and for abolishing the Royal Peculiar of Saint Burian.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS the Deanery and Rectory of Saint Burian in 4 ' the County of Cornwall, being a Benefice Donative in

the free Gift of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall in right of His said Duchy,

comprises the Three several Parishes and Churches of Saint Burian, Saint Sennen9 and Saint Levan in the said County:

And whereas the said Church of Saint Burian was in Times past reputed to be a Collegiate Church, with divers Prebends thereto belonging, but the Prebendal Possessions have long since been alienated and lost, and Prebendaries have ceased c to be appointed, and there is now no Parochial Priest or Incumbent of the said several Parishes other than the Dean of Saint Burian: And whereas it has been represented to Her Majesty by the Council of His Royal Highness, that it would promote the Spiritual Interests and better Pastoral Superintendence of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes if the said Deanery were dissolved and abolished, and adequate Provision made for a resident Incumbent in each of the said Parishes; but such beneficial Arrangement cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That immediately upon the next The Deanery Avoidance of the said Deanery and Rectory it shall become and to bc extin-be dissolved and extinct, and the said Church of Saint Burian ^oidance, and shall, as well in Law as in Fact, cease to be a Collegiate or Three Rectories Prebendal Church, and each of the said Three several Parishes created, shall thereupon become and be to all Intents and Purposes and for ever a distinct and separate Parochial Rectory and Benefice Presentative with Cure of Souls, the Patronage and Advowson of each and every of which said new Benefices shall thenceforth be annexed to and become for ever Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall; and all the Tithes, Rent-charges in Endowment lieu of Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Fees, Dues, Offerings, and of each llec* other Rights, Revenues, and Emoluments whatsoever, now and tory#

heretofore

Appointment of Churchwardens and Parish Clerh.

AH Statutes for s A< -uL»'tion oT Glebes and arsonages to apply to the new Rectories.

Cap. 76. Deanery of Saint Buriaii Division. 13 & 14 VICTJ

heretofore of right payable, due, or belonging to the said Dean, within each and every of the said several Parishes, shall thenceforth for ever become and be of right payable and due and belong to the Rector for the Time being of each and every of the said Parishes respectively, and shall and may be demanded and recovered by such Rector as if the same had immemorially belonged to his said Rectory, and every such Rector shall be deemed and taken to be seised in right of his said Church of and in the Parish Church and Site thereof the Churchyard, Glebe, Tithes, Rent-charges, and all other Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever hereby annexed to his said Rectory; and each and every of the said Parochial Churches and Rectories shall thenceforth become subject to the general Laws, Statutes, and Customs of the Realm touching other like Churches and Rectories, and the Rector thereof for the Time being shall thenceforth have and enjoy all the Rights, Remedies, Powers, Privileges, and Capacities, and shall be subject to all the Obligations, Duties, Liabilities, Burdens, and Disabilities, which by the same Laws, Statutes, and Customs of right belong, attach, or are incident to or incumbent upon other like Parochial Rectors, and shall be amenable to the like Spiritual Jurisdiction, Visitation, and Correction as other Rectors of Parish Churches within the Archdeaconry of Cornwall.

II. And be it enacted, That upon and after the Dissolution and Extinction of the Deanery as aforesaid there shall for ever be in each of the said several Parishes Two Churchwardens only, of whom one shall be annually named and appointed by the Rector of the said Parish, and the other chosen by the Inhabitants of the same Parish in Vestry assembled; and the first Election of the said Churchwardens shall be in Easter Week next after the Induction of the first Rector of the said Parish, until which Election the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish shall continue in Office; and so soon as the Office of Parish Clerk or of Sexton shall become vacant in any of the said several Parishes the Right to name and appoint to the said Offices respectively shall for ever vest and remain in the Rector for the Time being of the said Parish, and the Clerk and Sexton so appointed shall be entitled, in each and every of the said Parishes, to all the lawful Fees, Salaries, and Emoluments heretofore paid or payable to such Parish Clerk and Sexton respectively, or hereafter fixed and allowed by lawful Authority.

III. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in any public Statutes which shall be in force and unrepealed at the Dissolution of the said Deanery, for the Purchase or Acquisition of Glebes, Parsonage Houses, or Sites for Parsonage Houses, or for the building, rebuilding, and Improvement thereof, shall be deemed and taken to apply to the Purchase. Acquisition, building, rebuilding, and Improvement of Glebes, Parsonage Houses, and Sites for Parsonage Houses for the said several Rectories, when the same shall come into existence by the Operation of tLIs Act

1850.

717

Deanery of Saint Burton Division* Cap. 76.

IV. And be it enacted, That if it shall bef deemed expedient Power to ac-by the Council of His Royal Highness to provide for the Resi- v»ire sit* "d dence of such future Rectors, or of any of them, before the before*thirDw. Dissolution of the said Deanery, then it shall be competent for solution of the the said Council for that Purpose to purchase, acquire, and DemnerJ-accept any suitable House, Houses, or Sites for Houses; and

all the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Session

of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the 7 & 8 Vict. c.S5.

Council of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales

to sell and exchange Lands and enfranchise Copyholds, Parcel

of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, to purchase other

Lands, and for other Purposes, so far as the said Act relates to

the Purchase of Lands for and on behalf of His said Royal

Highness, and the Sale and Conveyance of such Lands to His

Royal Highness by incorporated Bodies, Trustees, Tenants of

limited Interests, and Guardians and Committees of Infants and

incapacitated Persons, shall be deemed and taken to apply to

the Purchase, Acquisition, Acceptance, and Conveyance of such

Houses or Sites for the Purpose aforesaid; and all Land and

Houses so acquired, and conveyed to His Royal Highness in

the Form specified in the Second Schedule of the said Act, or otherwise, shall continue vested in His Royal Highness, His

Heirs and Successors, in trust for the Purpose aforesaid; and

when and so soon as any future Rector for whom such Land

or House shall have been provided shall be inducted, he shall

immediately become sole seised thereof in right of his Church,

and the same shall for ever become Parcel of his Rectory, and the legal Estate, Title, and Interest of His Royal Highness,

His Heirs and Successors, therein, shall thereupon be divested and cease.

V. And whereas the Deanery of Saint Burian is reputed Peculiar of ' to be a Royal Peculiar, and the Dean thereof claims and has

exercised Peculiar and Exempt Jurisdiction in Ecclesiastical Causes within a District co-extensive with the said Deanery;

and it is expedient that the said Peculiar should be abolished Be it therefore enacted, That when and so soon as the said Deanery shall become extinct by the Operation of this Act, or at such earlier Time as may be appointed in the Manner hereinafter provided, the said Peculiar and Exempt Jurisdiction shall wholly cease and become extinct, and the Inhabitants of the said District, and all Parish Clerks, Churchwardens, and other Ecclesiastical Officers within the District, shall thereupon become amenable and subject to the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Archdeacon of Cornwall and the Bishop of Exeter, in like Manner as in other Parishes and Places in the County of Cornwall9 and the said Three several Parishes herein-before named shall thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes become Part of and be held and reputed to be within the Archdeaconry of Cornwall: Provided always, that if it shall be deemed expedient to abolish the said Peculiar and Exempt Jurisdiction

before

Wills, See. to be transferred to the Registry of the Archdeacon of Cornwall.

Payment of Tenths to Queen Anne's Bounty to be apportioned.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 76. 'Deanery of Saint Burian Division. 13 & 14 VICT.

before the next Avoidance of the said Deanery, the Time at which the same shall so cease and become extinct shall be appointed by an Instrument executed by and with the Consent and Concurrence and under the several Seals of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall, of the Lord Bishop of Exeter, and of the now Dean and Rector of Saint Burian, and deposited in the Episcopal Registry of the Diocese of Exeter.

VI. And be it enacted, That when and so soon as the said Peculiar and Exempt Jurisdiction shall cease and become extinct all the Registers and Records then remaining in the Registry of the said Peculiar, and all Wills, Acts of Court, Bonds, Books, Official Seals, Instruments, Minutes, Papers, and Documents whatsoever touching or belonging to the said Peculiar, and in the Custody or Power of the said Dean, or of his Registrar or other Officer for the Time being, shall be forthwith transmitted and transferred to and deposited in the Registry of the Archdeaconry of Cornwall, and become Part of the Records of the said Archdeaconry.

VII. And whereas Two several Payments, amounting in

the whole to the Sum of Five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and t Nine-pence, have been heretofore annually made by the said

Dean of Saint Burian to the Governors of the Bounty of

Queen Anne, for Tenths of the said Deanery and Rectory,

and upon the Abolition of the said Deanery it is just and g reasonable that the said Sum should be so apportioned that

each of the said new Rectories shall be charged only with a c fair Proportion thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the next Avoidance of the said Deanery and Rectory, and thenceforth for ever, the said new Rectories shall be and become respectively charged with the annual Payment to the said Governors, for Tenths, of the several Sums following, and with no other or larger Sums; that is to say, the Rectory of Saint Burian with the Sum of Three Pounds Four Shillings, the Rectory of Saint Levan with the Sum of One Pound Eight Shillings and Sixpence, and the Rectory of Saint Sennen with the Sum of One Pound Four Shillings and Three-pence; which said several Sums shall become annually due and payable at the same Feast Day at which the Tenths are now by Law payable, and shall be recoverable by the same Remedies by which the Tenths are now recoverable.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

i85a

Duke of Cambridgds Annuity.

CAP. LXXVII.

Cap. 77.

719

An Act to enable Her Majesty to make a suitable Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and also for Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to 1 express Your Desire to lour faithful Commons to make i a competent Provision for the honourable Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge and

Her Royal Highness the Frincess Mary of Cambridge, there *

fore we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the

Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Her Majesty be lawful for Her Majesty to give and grant, by Letters Patent

under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to His Royal Highness to the Duke of George William Frederick Charles Duke of Cambridge, an An- Cambridge, nuity not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds for his natural Life, and to Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge, or prince* Mary to such Person or Persons as Her Majesty shall think fit to be Cambridge, named in such Letters Patent, and his, her, or their Heirs, to the Use of or in trust for Her said Royal Highness, an Annuity not exceeding Three thousand Pounds for Her natural Life, which said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Assessments, and Charges, and shall commence from the Ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 'fifty, and shall be paid quarterly, on the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, and the Fifth Day of July, with proportionate Parts of such respective Annuities from the last quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Determination thereof, the First Payment of such respective Annuities to be made on the Tenth Day of October next of such Proportion thereof as shall have accrued between the Commencement thereof and such Tenth Day of October; and such Annuities shall be charged on and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the same by former Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which may hereafter be charged upon the said Fund).

II. 4 And whereas, should there be a Failure of Issue Male of The Annuity of His Majesty Ernest Augustus King of Hanover, it may happen Du.*je of that the Duke of Cambridge may inherit that Kingdom:' Be l°

it enacted, That in case His said Royal Highness the Duke of should become Cambridge shall become King of Hanover, or Sovereign or Ruler

of any Foreign Kingdom or State, the Annuity to be granted I*ore, gn tate' to him as aforesaid shall from thenceforth cease.

720

Cap. 78.

Her Majesty empowered to grant Marlborough House to the Prince of Wales.

General Saving.

7G.4.C. 77.

Treasury may direct Commissioners of Woods, &c. to provide Coach-

Marlborough House.

13 & 14 VICT.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty to make Provision for the Residence of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales in Marlbwough House during the joint Lives of Her Majesty and His Royal Highness.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS Her Majesty is desirous that the House called ' Marlborough House should be secured to His Royal

Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales, after he shall have ' attained the Age of Eighteen Years, during the joint Lives of ' Her Majesty and His said Royal Highness:' May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, notwithstanding any Restriction contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Land Revenues of the Crown, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal to grant, settle, and assure all that Capital Messuage or Mansion called Marlborough House, situate near the Palace of Saint James's in the County of Middlesex, late in the Occupation of Her late Majesty Adelaide the Queen Dowager, and all Outhouses and other Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Grounds, and Appurtenances to the said Capital Messuage or Mansion belonging or appertaining, to or in trust for His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales, in such Manner that he may have and enjoy the same immediately after he shall have attained the Age of Eighteen Years, and thenceforth during the Term of the joint Lives of Her Majesty and His said Royal Highness.

II. Saving to all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate (other than the Queen's Majesty, and any Person seised or possessed, in trust for Her Majesty,) all such Right, Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Capital Messuage or Mansion and Premises, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or might have had if this Act had not been passed.

III. And whereas Her said late Majesty enjoyed with the ' said Capital Messuage or Mansion certain Coach-houses and

Stables formerly belonging to Carlton Palace, which it may

be expedient to take down under the Powers of an Act of the

Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to ' extend to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the ' Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Marylebone Park; and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases c of the Site of Carlton Palace:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct and authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to provide suitable

185a

Marlborough House *

Cap. 78, 79.

721

abl£ Coach-houses and Stables on Ground belonging to Marl- houses or Sta-borough House aforesaid, and for that Purpose to apply all or bl<j*on Ground any of the Materials of the said Coach-houses and Stables for- Marlborough merly belonging to Carlton Palace, and to pay and apply out of House, any Monies applicable to the Purposes to which Monies arising from the Sale of any of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown in England are to be applied such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provisions respecting Turnpike Roads in England.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited Times

" the Acts herein-after specified, and to amend the general

Laws in England relating to Turnpike Roads: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Act now in force for regulating, making, All Turnpike

amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Gi'eat Britain Acts which will

which will expire on or before the End of the next Session of

Parliament shall be continued until the First Day of October in Session con-

the Year One thousard eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the tinued to 1st

End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of °.ct *

the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Exceptions"

Act for making and maintaining a Road from near Gatton Lodge 56 g. s. c. xxx.

in the Couiuy of Surrey to Povey Cross in the said County, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Saint John's Chapel 7 G. 4. c. xc.

in the Parish of Sair j Marylebone to the North-east End of

Ballard's L«ine, abutting upon the North Road, in the Parish of

Finchley, with a Branch therefrom, in the County of Middlesex,

an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act to incorporate the Avenue Road in the Parish 5 & 6 W. 4.

tif Saint Marylebone with the Marylebo ne and Finchley Turn- c.xxiii

?'ke Roads in the County of Middlesex, an Act of the Eighth ear of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more 7 & 8 G.4.C.IUL effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Whitby to Middleton in the County of York, and an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for more effectually 9 g. 4. c. mi. repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from Lymington in the County of Southampton, and the Road to Wilverley Poet in the New Forest, and except as herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That the Acts mentioned in the Acts in Sche-Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the dule to this Act First Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred ^"^1851 and fifty-one, and no longer, unless Parliament shall in the meantime continue the same respectively.

722

Power to Trustees to reduce or take off Tolls on Lime used in Agriculture.

Provision in 12 & 13 Vict. c. 87. for forming a Sinking Fund extended to Debts contracted before passing of said Act.

Cap. 79. Turnpike Acts Continuance, &c. 13 & 14 VICT.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road, in case it appear to them expedient so to do, and notwithstanding any Provisions of any local Act affecting such Road, and without the Consent of any Person or Persons entitled to Money borrowed and remaining due on the Credit of the Tolls of such Road, from Time to Time at any General Annual or other Meeting of such Trustees or Commissioners, (of which Meeting and of the Purposes thereof, so far as the same relate to the Exercise of the Powers given by this Enactment, such Trustees or Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County or Counties in which such Road is situate,) to reduce or wholly take off the Tolls on Horses, Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages employed in carrying or conveying Lime on such Road for the Improvement of Land, and afterwards at any such Meeting (of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid) from Time to Time as they see Occasion to advance or reimpose the ToIIb so reduced or taken off, but so that such Tolls shall not be advanced beyond the Amount or Amounts authorized to be taken by the Act or Acts of Parliament granting such Tolls: Provided always, that no such Order for reducing, taking off, advancing, or reimposing such Tolls shall take effect until the same has been submitted to and sanctioned by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; provided also, that where the Tolls of such Road have been let to farm by the Trustees or Commissioners of such Road, no such Order reducing or taking off such Tolls shall take effect until the Expiration of the subsisting Contract or Agreement for the farming or letting thereof.

IV. And whereas by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in ' Great Britain for limited Periods, and to make certain Provi-

sions respecting Turnpike Roads in England, it was enacted, ' that in every Case in which the Trustees or Commissioners of

any Turnpike Road should thereafter borrow, charge, or secure

any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising ' on such Road, such Trustees or Commissioners should, out of the Tolls of such Road, and in priority to all other Payments,

except such Interest as therein mentioned, set apart a Sum of

Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of Money ' so borrowed, charged, or secured, and when and so often as the Sums so set apart should amount to Two hundred Pounds,

the Trustees or Commissioners of the Road, out of the Tolls of which such Sum had arisen, should at any General Annual

or other Meeting of such Trustees or Commissioners apply

such Sum in Payment of a proportionate Part of the Monies s borrowed, charged, or secured as aforesaid in manner therein

mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to extend such Enactment to Debts contracted on the Security of the Tolls of any ' Road before the passing of the said Act, but subject to the ' Proviso herein-after contained:' Be it therefore enacted, That where the Trustees or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road had

723

1850. Turnpike Acts Continuance, $c. Cap. 79

before the passing of the said Act borrowed, charged, or secured any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising on such Road, and any such Money shall remain unpaid and unsatisfied at the Time of the passing of this Act, such Trustees or Commissioners shall, out of the Tolls of such Road, after Payment thereout of the Interest on any Monies owing on the Security of the said Tolls, and such Sums as may be required to be set apart under the said recited Enactment, and all other annual Liabilities (if any) of their Trust, and the necessary Expenses of the Repairs of such Road, and of the Salaries of their Officers, and all other necessary Expenses of their Trust, set apart a Sum of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of Principal Money so borrowed, charged, or secured before the passing of the said Act, and remaining unpaid and unsatisfied as aforesaid, or such lesser Sum as may from Time to Time remain after such Payment as aforesaid; and when and so often as the Sums so set apart shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, the Trustees or Commissioners of the Road out of the Tolls of which such Sum has arisen shall apply such Sum in or towards Payment of the Monies so borrowed, charged, or secured as aforesaid, and then remaining unpaid, in manner provided by the said Act with respect to the Application of Money arising from the Sums set apart as therein mentioned, in or towards the Discharge of Monies borrowed, charged, or secured after the passing of such Act: Provided always, that it Secretary of shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries State may roof State, if upon the Application of the Trustees or Commis- thorJxe Trustee* sioners of any Turnpike Road he see fit so to do, by Order in a sinking Fund. Writing under his Hand, to authorize such Trustees or Commissioners not to set apart any Sum as herein-before required, or to set apart a less Sum per Centum per Annum than the Sum herein-before mentioned, and it shall be lawful for such Secretary of State from Time to Time to vary or revoke any such Authority, and such Order shall be binding on such Trustees or Commissioners: Provided also, that where Provision is made Enactment not under any local Act for forming a Fund for the Discharge of to interfere with the Monies borrowed, charged, or secured on the Tolls of any u^erlo^Actr, Turnpike Road, this Enactment shall not extend to the Trustees or Commissioners of such Road.

V. And be it enacted, That where any Mortgage of the Mortgagee Tolls of any Turnpike Road shall be made under the Powers under Act* of of any Act passed or to be passed in or after the present Session of Parliament (other than an Act continuing the Term of not to enter any existing Act), no Holder of such Mortgage shall be entitled *u<* Po*.v*sion to enter into possession of all or any of the Toll Gates, Bars, ^'ciuany^iA Chains, Toll Houses, or Buildings upon such Road in case and p so long as the Interest on the Mortgage Debt thereby secured up to the last half-yearly or other periodical Day on which such Interest is payable be paid within One Month after such Day as aforesaid, or within One Month after the same is demanded (which shall last happen), and where any Mortgagee in Posses-

Limitation of Three Years before Union of united Trusts, repealed.

For facilitating the Union of Divisions or Districts into One Trust.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 79. Turnpike Acts Continuance, frc* 13 & 14 VICT.

gion as aforesaid has been fully paid all Interest np to the last half-yearly or other such periodical Day as aforesaid, together with any Costs he may be entitled to retain out of the Tolls of the Road, he shall, within Twenty-one Days after such Payment, render to the Trustees or Commissioners of such Road an Account of his Receipts as such Mortgagee in Possession and of the Application thereof and shall pay the Balance (if any) in his Hand to the Treasurer of such Road; and shall deliver Possession of all Toll Grates, Bars, Chains, Toll Houses, and Buildings of which he may have been in possession, to the said Trustees or Commissioners or to some Person appointed by them, and where no half-yearly or other periodical Day is fixed by such Mortgage or otherwise for the Payment of Interest, such Interest shall for the Purposes of this Provision be deemed to be payable on the First Day of May and the First Day of November in every Year.

VI. And whereas in the Act to facilitate the Union of c Turnpike Trusts it is enacted, that Three Years must expire

before any other Trust or united Trusts can be united to any ' united Trust; and it is expedient further to promote the c Union of Turnpike Trusts:' Be it enacted, That the said Restriction requiring that Three Years must expire before such further Union can be effected be repealed.

VII. And whereas Divisions or Districts are formed in certain Trusts according to the Provisions of the Acts constituting

the same, and it is expedient that Power should be given to s unite such Divisions or Districts into One Trust, or to enable s such Divisions or Districts, either separately or collectively, to c unite with other Trusts Be it enacted, That every Division or District formed under any Act by which any Turnpike Trust is constituted shall, for the Purposes of determining upon and effecting such Union as aforesaid, be entitled to act as if it were a separate Trust, and may as such, subject to all the Provisions of the Act to facilitate the Union of Turnpike Trusts, and in the Manner and under the Conditions therein provided, unite with any or all of the other Divisions or Districts in the same Trust, or with any other Trust or united Trust; and if united with any other Trust or united Trust, the Act by which the Trust is established to which any such Division or District shall belong, save and except such Parts of the same as may require the joint Action of the Division or District separated with the other Divisions or Districts from which it shall be separated, - and save and except such Parts as shall relate exclusively to such other Divisions or Districts, shall be to all Intents and Purposes the Act constituting the Trust for the said Division or District thus separated from the other Divisions or Districts formed under the same Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1850."

1850.

Turnpike Acte Continuance, , fyc. c. Cap. 79. 725

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not apply to As to Exten-Ireland, nor, except in respect of the Continuance of the Acts >ion ^ct* hereby continued, to Scotland.

SCHEDULE.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of so G.s.

His present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from Buckingham, c*cxxxiii-through Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of 53 G. 3. c. xii*. His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Marlow in the County of Buckingham to Stokenchurch in the County of Oxford.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present 55 g. 3. c. Ht. Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Uttoxeter to Stoke, near Stone, and from Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His pre- 55 g. 3. c. xc. sent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rochford and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill in the County of Hertford.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Big- 56 G. 3. c. Hi. gleswade to Alconbury Hill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarg- 56 G. s. c. lxix. ing the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby to Sheffield in the County of York, and from Duffield to Wirksworth in the County of Derby.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts 57 G. 3. c. *!. of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgenorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town 58 G. 3. c. L of Stroud in the County of Gloucester through Pitchcomb into the City of Gloucester.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town 1 G. 4. c. xvl. of Cheltenham to join the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Painswick at or near to Prinknash Park Wall in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several 1 G. 4. c. xxxlL Districts of Malmesbury Turnpike Roads and other Roads connected therewith in the Counties of Wilts, Berks, and Gloucester.

An Act for widening and improving the Road leading from 1 g. 4. c. xlri. the Turnpike Rood in the Town of Tenterden through Wood-

1 G. 4. c. lxxiii.

S G. 4. c» xii.

5 G. 4. c. xt.

6 G. 4. c. li.

6 G. 4. c. xciii.

6 G. 4. c.xcriii.

6 G. 4. c. oil *

6 G. 4. c. ciii.

6 G. 4. c. cxlvii.

9 G. 4. c. ix.

Cap. 79. Turnpike Acts Continuance, $*(?. 13 & 14 VICT

church to Warehorne, and the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Bethersden through Woodchurch to Appledore, in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing the Road from Towcester through Brackley in the County of Northampton to Weston Gate in the Parish of Weston on the Green in the County of Oxford.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ne-therbridge to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heronsyke Turnpike Road near Clawthrop Hall in the County of Westmoreland.

An Act for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Road from Appleby in the County of Westmoreland to Kirkby in Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shap, and from Highgate, near Tebay, through Kirkby Stephen to Market Brough in the said County.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Ancoats Street in the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, to join a Diversion of the Manchester and Salters-brook Road in Andershaw in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne in the said County, and Two Branches of Road communicating therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe in the County of Somerset, and the Roads adjoining thereto in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Sheffield in the County of York to the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby, and the Branch to Mortimers Road in the Parish of Hathersage in the said County of Derby.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York to New Hey in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, with a Branch to Toothill Lane in the said Riding, and for making a new Road from Buck Stones to the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland, at or near to Barkisland School.

An Act for making and tnaintaining a Turnpike Road from Meltham in the Parish of Almondbury to the Greenfield and Shepley Lane Head Turnpike Road, near Wessenden Head, in the Township of Austonley in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester towards the City of Gloucester as lies within the Cheltenham District, and for opening new Communications with such Road.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester towards the

City

727

185a

Turnpike Acts Continuance, $*c. Cap. 79.

City of Gloucester to form a new Branch to communicate with the said Road in the Parish of Cheltenham.

An Act to amend so much of Two Acts for repairing the s & 4. W. 4. Hoad leading from Cheltenham towards the City of Gloucester, c* and for making a new Branch to communicate with the same, as relates to the Priority of certain Mortgages granted on the Tolls thereof.

An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the Road 5G.4. c.ixiT. from Sandon in the County of Stafford to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for 7G.4. c. xx. repairing the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford to Bollock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilder-stone to Draycot in the Moore, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the County of Stafford, so far as relates to the Macclesfield District of Road, and for making a Diversion of Road in the said District.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the 7 G.4. c.xxriiu Road from the Brighthelmston Road at Pyecombe to Warn-inglid Cross in the Parish of Cuckfield, and from Pyecombe to the Henfield Road at Poynings Common in the County of Sussex, and for making a new Road from Warninglid Cross to Hand Cross in the said County.

An Act for more effectually maintaining so much of the 7 G. 4. c. lxxi. Road from Richmond in the County of York to Lancaster in the County of Lancaster, and from Gilling to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, as related to the Western District of the said Road, and for altering and diverting certain Parts of the said Western District of the said Road.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Mark- 7 G.4. c.cxxxir, field Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Foots- 9 G. 4. c. xnii, cray by Wrotham Heath to Maidstone, and from the said Road into the Road from Mereworth to Hadlow, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at Wrotham Heath to Teston, and from the said Road from Mereworth to Hadlow to St. Leonard's Street in the Parish of West Mailing, all in the County of Kent.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Beck Fen 9 G- 4. c. xlW. Lane in the Parish of Mildenhall in the County of Suffolk to the South-east End of the Bridge over the River Ouze in the Parish of Littleport in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

And the Acts continued by any of the Acts in this Schedule mentioned *

T28

Oftp* 8dj 81.

Fisheries.

13 & 14 Vict.

15 G. 8. c. 31.

Recited Enactment of 15 G. 3. c. 31. repealed from the jTime this Act is proclaimed in Newfoundland.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 108.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 85.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act of the Fifteenth Year of King George the Third, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of

King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, 4 Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, it was enacted, that all the Fish and Oil which should be taken and made by the Person or Persons who should hire or employ such Seaman or Fisherman as therein mentioned should be subject and liable in the first place to the Payment of the Wages of every such Seaman or Fisherman: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Enactment should be repealed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Enactment of the said firstly-recited Act shall be repealed from the Time of the Proclamation of this Act in Newfoundland.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to explain an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parlia* ' ment holden in the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland: And whereas by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin, it is amongst other things provided, that from and after the Expiration of the then present Year, as far as regards the Borough of Dublin, the Provisions in the said first-recited Act contained relating to the Qualification of Burgesses should be repealed, and that no Person should be enrolled as a Burgess of the said Borough of Dublin in respect of any Title other than by

Occupancy

729

l&SO. Mknikipal Corporations (Ireland) (Nb. Cap. 81, 82.

4

1 Occupancy and Payment of Rates within such Borough,

according to the Meaning and Provisions of the said Act of the last Session: And whereas by the said first-recited Act ' it was amongst other things enacted, in regard to certain of the Cesses, Rates, and Taxes therein mentioned, that such

Cess, Bate, or Tax should not, for the Purposes aforesaid of the said Act, be deemed to have become payable until after the

Completion of the Publication of a certain Notice therein

mentioned, and not before: And whereas it is expedient to

remove any Doubt whether such Enactment of the said first- recited Act as to any such Notice as aforesaid, or the Publication thereof, extends or applies to any Bates, Cesses, or ' Taxes specified in the Schedule annexed to the said secondly-c recited Ac-Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Enactment of the said first-recited Act, as to any such Notice as aforesaid, or the Publication thereof, shall be deemed and construed not to extend or apply and not to have extended or applied, and the same shall not extend or apply, to any of the Rates, Cesses, or Taxes specified in the Schedule annexed to the said secondly-recited Act *

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to extend the Remedies for the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, that every Person duly authorized to collect and levy any Grand Jury Cess off any Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, as soon as he shall have received the Applotment of such Cess shall collect and levy the same according to such Applotment; and such Money may be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of every Person refusing to pay the Proportion therein applotted for him or her to pay, which may be found on the Premises chargeable, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Expenses of distraining, as therein mentioned: And whereas peat Difficulties have of late attended the Collection and levying of Grand Jury Cess; and it is expedient to extend

such

The Provision as to Notice required as to certain Tales payable under 3 & 4 Vict. c. 108. not to apply to Tales specified in Schedule of 12 & 13 Vict c. 85.

Act may be amended, &c.

6 A 7 W. 4. c. 116.

730

Grand Jury Cess may be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods found on the Premises chargeable, save as herein excepted.

Recited Act and this Act to be as One.

Act may be amended, &c.

Railway Company may make Application to Commissioners of Railways 10 be allowed to abandon their Undertaking.

Cap. 82, 83. Grand Jury Cess (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

e such Power of Distress and Sale as aforesaid to any Goods (or Chattels (save as herein-after excepted) found on the Premises so chargeable as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Power of Distress and Sale by the said recited Act, or any Act amending the same, provided for the Collection and levying of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland shall be extended as follows; that is to say, any such Grand Jury Cess may be levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels which may be found on the Premises chargeable therewith, (save and except any Goods and Chattels which, if such Distress were for Rent reserved on a Lease for a Term for Years, would be exempt from such Distress,) rendering to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Expenses of distraining.

II. And be it enacted, That the said recited Act and tins Act shall be construed together as One Act.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to facilitate the Abandonment of Railways, and the Dissolution of Railway Companies, in certain Cases.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS divers Joint Stock Companies have been incorporated by Act of Parliament for making Rail-

ways, and it has been found that such Railways, or certain Parts thereof, cannot be made or carried on with Advantage either to the Promoters thereof or to the Public, and it is c expedient therefore that Facilities should be given for the c Abandonment of such Railways or Parts of Railways, and i for the Dissolution of such Companies, or some of them, and (winding up the Concerns thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Company authorized by Act of Parliament heretofore passed to make a Railway desire that the making and carrying on of such Railway or some Part thereof, whether commenced or not, be abandoned, such Company may, by the Authority and with the Consent of the Holders of Three Fifths of the Shares or Stock of such Company, represented in manner herein-after mentioned at a General Meeting of Shareholders to be convened in manner herein-after mentioned, make Application in Writing to the Commissioners of Railways, setting forth the Particulars of the Railway or Portion

731

1850. Railways Abandonment* Cap. 83.

of the Railway desired to be abandoned by them, and the Grounds upon which such Application is made.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors may Directors of any such Railway Company at any Time to call caI1 Meeting to a Meeting of the Shareholders thereof for the Purpose of A^licatioa. determining whether such Application shall be made to the Commissioners of Railways, and so from Time to Time as they shall see fit.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Shareholder* Number of Shareholders of any such Company, not being less Di^Jtore to than Five, and holding in the aggregate not less than One cji Meeting. Twentieth of the Capital or Stock of the Company, consisting of Shares or Stock whereon all Calls for the Time being have been paid up, but exclusive of any Shares or Stock held by or in the Names of the Directors of the Company or any of them, or by or in the Name of any Person in trust for the Directors or any of them, or for the Company, and which Shareholders shall nave paid all the Calls then due on the Shares held by them, by Writing under their Hands to require the Directors of such Company to call a Meeting for the Purpose aforesaid; and upon the Receipt of any such Requisition such Directors shall forthwith proceed to call a Meeting of the Shareholders of such Company on a Day to be named by them, not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-eight Days after the Receipt of such Requisition: Provided always, on the Default of the Directors to call and advertise such Meeting within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of the Requisition, it shall be lawful for the Requisitionists to call such Meeting themselves, at a Time and Place to be appointed by them, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given by them by Advertisement as herein-after provided: Provided also, that when any Meeting of any such Company shall have been called pursuant to any such Requisition as aforesaid, the Directors of such Company shall not be required to call any further Meeting of such Company upon any further Requisition for the like Object until Twelve Months shall have elapsed since the holding of such previous Meeting.

IV. And be it enacted, That after any such Meeting has After Receipt been called by the Directors, or after the Receipt of any such of Requisition, Requisition as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Directors to to make any Payments out of the Monies of the Company for Payments, the Purposes of the Railway proposed to be abandoned, except except under in discharge of bondjide Debts or Liabilities, or in performance tk^nor to enter of Contracts or Engagements previously entered into, and in into new Con-payment of the Expenses of colling and holding such Meeting, nor to nor to enter into any Contracts or Engagements on behalf of e new the Company with respect to the Railway so proposed to be abandoned, nor to make any Calls, nor to register the Transfer of any Shares, until the Meeting called as aforesaid shall have determined whether such Application shall be made.

Mode of calling Meeting, and signifying the Consent of the Shareholders to the Application.

The Number of the Shareholders assenting or dissenting to be ascertained by Scrutineers, and reported to the Chairman.

Cap. 83. Railways Abandonment 13 & 14 Vict.

V. And be it enacted, That the calling of any such Meeting shall be by public Advertisement in the Manner required or usually adopted for advertising the Extraordinary General Meetings of such Company, and where such Meeting is called by the Directors of the Company a Circular Letter shall be sent by the Post addressed to each of the registered Shareholders of such Company, according to his registered Address or other known Address, Seven clear Days at least before the holding of such Meeting, and stating that a General Meeting erf the Shareholders of such Company will be held at a Time and Place mentioned in such Circular, for the Purpose of determining whether Application shall be made to the Commissioners of Railways that such Railway or the Part thereof specified in such Notice may be abandoned, and requesting such Shareholder to signify his Assent to or Dissent therefrom, which may be according to a Form to be contained in such Circular Letter, which Form shall be to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto, and such Circular Letter shall request such Shareholder either to return such Form, signed by him, in a Letter addressed to the Secretary of such Company, or to attend such General Meeting as aforesaid, and deliver the same, so signed by him, to the Chairman thereof; and in the Case of every such Meeting, whether called by the Directors or by such Requisitionists as aforesaid, the Shareholders may signify their Assent to or Dissent from the proposed Application, either by attending such Meeting in Person or by Letter addressed to the Secretary of the Company, stating the Assent or Dissent of such Shareholders, in a Form which shall be to the Effect of the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto, and signed by such Shareholders respectively.

VI. And be it enacted, That at the Meeting so to be called as aforesaid the Scrutineers to be appointed as herein-after mentioned shall cast up the Amount of Shares held by Shareholders assenting to the making of such Application, and the Amount of Shares held by Shareholders dissenting therefrom, whether such Assent or Dissent have been signified by the Shareholder sending to the Secretary of the Company such Form as aforesaid, signed by him, or by such Shareholder attending such Meeting, and delivering in the same to the Chairman thereof, and such Scrutineers shall report to the Chairman the Amount of Shares of the Shareholders assenting to such Application, and the Amount of the Shares of those dissenting therefrom, and the said Chairman shall thereupon publicly announce to the Meeting the said Amounts respectively, and shall state whether or not the Holders of Three Fifths of the whole of such Shares represented in manner aforesaid at the Meeting consent to such Application: Provided always, that in computing the Amount of Shares of the Shareholders assenting or dissenting as aforesaid no Share shall be taken into account the Holder w hereof shall not have been duly registered, or who shall not have paid all the Culls then

.1850. HaiUoays Abandonment. Cap. 83. 733

due by him upoti all the Shares held by him, unless such Calls shall have been made within Three Months prior to the holding of such Meeting, or if such Meeting be held pursuant to a requisition of Shareholders as herein-before provided, then Three Months prior to the Day on which such requisition was presented to the Directors.

YIL And be it enacted, That the Chairman of the Directors Chairman of of such Company, if prerent, or in his Absence the Deputy tht Meeting. Chairman, if any, of such Directors, shall be the Chairman of such Meeting as aforesaid, or if neither such Chairman nor Deputy Chairman of the Directors be present, any Shareholder chosen for that Purpose by a Majority of the Shareholders present at the Meeting shall be the Chairman thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That at every such Meeting the Meeting to elect Shareholders present thereat shall elect Three Shareholders of Scrutineers, the Company to be Scrutineers for the Purposes aforesaid, and in electing such Scrutineers each Shareholder shall have One Vote only, and shall vote for One Scrutineer only; and the Decision of such Scrutineers, or of any Two of them, upon any of the Matters hereby intrusted to them, shall be find in all

respects.

IX. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of receiving the Report of the said Scrutineers the Chairman of such Meeting may, if he think fit, on the Application of any One of such Scrutineers, and he shall, if required by more than One of such Scrutineers, adjourn such Meeting to some Time to be appointed by him, not less than One clear Day nor more than Seven clear Days from the Day of holding such Meeting.

X. And be it enacted, That a Certificate under the Hand of the Chairman of the Meeting, stating that such Meeting as aforesaid has been duly held, and such Consent given as aforesaid in Cases where the same is given, shall within One Week after the Day of holding such Meeting be deposited in the Office of the said Commissioners of Railways.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it appear to any of the Shareholders of any such Company who shall have signed any such requisition, or been present at any such Meeting as aforesaid at which the Proposal to apply to the said Commissioners to authorize the Abandonment of the whole or Part of a Railway shall have been negatived or alleged to be negatived, either that such Meeting was not duly called, or that the Sense thereof was not duly taken according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and that if such Meeting had been duly called, and the Sense thereof duly taken, the Consent of such Meeting to the proposed Application would have been

E'ven, it shall be lawful for any such Shareholders, not being as in Number than Five, and holding in the aggregate not less than One Twentieth of the Capital or Stock of the Company, consisting of Shares or Stock whereon all Calls for the Time being have been paid up, and which Shareholders shall have paid all the Calls then due on the Shares held by them,

to

Adjournment of Meeting on Application of Scrutineers.

Certificate of the Chairman to be Eridence.

Shareholders desiring Abandonment, and complaining that the Sense of the Company haa not been fairly ascertained, may apply to the Commissioners.

If Meeting determine that Application shall be made. Directors not to proceed meanwhile.

Commissioners of Railways to direct Advertisements of Application.

Cap. 83. Railways Abandonment. 13 & 14 VICT.

to apply to the said Commissioners, setting forth in Writing the Grounds on which they complain of the Decision alleged to have been come to at such Meeting as aforesaid, and praying that a further Meeting may be called, and if it appear to the said Commissioners (after hearing the Parties complained of, if they desire to be heard,) that there is good Beason to believe that if such Meeting had been duly called, and the Sense thereof duly taken, the Consent of such Meeting to the proposed Application to the said Commissioners would have been given, the said Commissioners shall certify their Judgment to that Effect, and shall direct a further Meeting to be called by the Directors of such Company at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and the said Directors shall call such Meeting accordingly, or in default thereof it shall be lawful for the Shareholders who complained to the said Commissioners of the Proceedings of the former Meeting to call such Meeting, and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to any further Meeting so directed to be called in like Manner as to any original Meeting herein-before authorized or required to be called.

XII. And be it enacted, That if at any such Meeting any Railway Company shall determine, as herein-before mentioned, that such Application as aforesaid shall be made, or if the said Commissioners shall certify as aforesaid their Judgment, that if such Meeting had been duly called and the Sense thereof duly taken the Consent of such Meeting to the proposed Application to the said Commissioners would have been given, then, as from the Date of the Resolution so come to at such Meeting, or the Date of the said Certificate, as the Case may be, the Directors of such Company shall not have Power to proceed any further with the making of the Railway, or the Part thereof so proposed to be abandoned, until the Decision of the Commissioners of Railways with respect to such Application be made, and then only in accordance with such Decision.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if it appear to the said Commissioners that there are sufficient Grounds for entertaining such Application, the said Commissioners shall require and direct the Company making the same to give Notice of such Application having been made, by Advertisement inserted, in a Form to be approved of by the said Commissioners, once in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as the Railway or Part of the Railway proposed to be abandoned is situate in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and once in each of Three successive Weeks in some Newspaper published or circulating in each County in which any Part proposed to be abandoned of such Railway is situated, and affixed for Three successive Sundays on the principal outer Door of the Church or Churches of every Parish in which any Part of such Railway where the whole is proposed to be abandoned, or in which any Part proposed to be abandoned, is situate, and in Ireland such Notice shall also be affixed to the Boman Catholic Chapel, and

1850. Railways Abandonment, Cap. 83. 735

where there shall be no each Church or Chapel on some public or conspicuous Place of such Parish; and every such Notice shall set forth within what Time and in what Manner any Person who thinks himself aggrieved by any such proposed Abandonment, and who desires to object thereto, may bring such Objection before the Commissioners.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, for the Purpose of ascer- Commissioner *

tabling the State and Condition of the Company making any p°£*r

such Application, and of inquiring into the Expediency of the ComiSny's proposed Abandonment of Kail way, and of determining the Books and other Terms and Conditions on which the same may be authorized by D^cumen^* them, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Railways, by officerforlocal themselves or by any Officer appointed and specially empowered Inspection.

by them for that Purpose, to inspect the Books of Accounts,

Minutes of Proceedings, or any other Books, Papers, or Documents in the Possession or Control of such Company, and also, if they see fit so to do, to send, at the Expense of such Railway Company, or at the Expense of any Person who applies to them for that Purpose, an Officer to be appointed by them to inspect the Railway or proposed Railway or Work so proposed to be abandoned, and to collect Evidence on the Spot relative to such Abandonment; and if any such Company, or any of their Officers or Servants, shall refuse such Inspection by the said Commissioners, or any Officer appointed and specially empowered by them for that Purpose, or refuse or wilfully neglect to produce to the said Commissioners or any such Officer, on Demand, any Books, Papers, or Documents in the Possession or Control of such Company, every such Company shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit to Her Majesty the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and a further Sum of Five Pounds for every Day during which such Refusal or wilful Neglect shall be continued.

XV. And be it enacted, That upon Proof to the Satisfaction Commissioners of the said Commissioners that such Notice has been duly given, of Hf*1"*1 and after the Expiration of the Time therein appointed for ^fthori*e bringing Objections before the said Commissioners, and after Abandonment considering all the Objections, if any, brought before them, of the said Commissioners may, if they think fit, and upon such °ray Ascribed" Terms and Conditions as they think fit, by Warrant under their in the Warrant Seal, and signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners, authorize the Abandonment of the Railway or Portion of Railway described in such Warrant.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in considering in considering the Objections which may be made by any of the Shareholders Objections of of any Railway Company to the proposed Abandonment of a Shtt^to Part only of the Railway of such Company, and in determining donment, Com-the Terms and Conditions on which the said Commissioners missioned to may think fit to authorize any such partial Abandonment, cKum^ the said Commissioners shall have regard to the local Situation of the Lands and Residences of the Shareholders so objecting with reference to the Portion of Railway proposed to be aban- 3 A doned;

Power to reduce or cancel the Shares of the Objectors in certain Cases.

Abandonment of Railway to be advertised, and Demands on the Company for Compensation to be sent in.

Commissioners of Railways to certify the due Publication of the Notice of the Warrant.

After the granting of Warrant the Company

Cap. 83. Railways Abandonment 13 & 14 VICT.

doned; and in the Case of any such Shareholders being original Subscribers to the Undertaking, and not being Solicitor *, Agents, or Engineers employed in promoting the same, and whose Places of Residence or Lands are adjoining or near the Line of the Portion of Railway so proposed to be abandoned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they think fit so to do, in any Direction which (under the Provision hereinafter contained) they may give for reducing the Capital of the Company authorized to construct such Railway, to provide, at the Request of any such last-mentioned Shareholders, that the nominal Amount of the Shares held by them in such Company may be reduced to the Amount then already paid up by them respectively, or to such other Extent as the said Commissioners may think fit to order in that Behalf, or the said Commissioners may, at the like Request, direct any such Shares to be cancelled, and a Part of the Monies that may have been paid up in respect of such Shares, bearing such Proportion to the whole as the said Commissioners having regard to all the Circumstances of the Case shall think fit to determine, to be repaid to such Shareholders.

XVII. And be it enacted, That within One Month after the Day on which any such Warrant as aforesaid is granted by the said Commissioners the Railway Company to which the same applies shall cause Notice thereof to be inserted in the London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Gazette, according as the Railway or Part of Railway mentioned therein is situate in England, Scotland, or Ireland, and once in each of Three successive Weeks in some Newspaper published or circulating in each County in which any Part of such abandoned Railway is situate, and to be affixed for Three successive Sundays on the principal outer Door of the Church or Churches of every Pariah in which any such Part of such Railway is situate, and in Ireland such Notice shall also be affixed to the Roman Catholic Chapel, and where there shall be no such Church or Chapel, on some public or conspicuous Place of such Parish; and every such Notice shall require all Persons having any Claims or Demands upon the said Company for Compensation or otherwise, by reason of the Abandonment of Railway authorized by such Warrant, to transmit the Statement of such Claims or Demands to the Secretary of such Company, at the Office or usual Place of Business of the same Company, within Four Months from the Date of such Warrant.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that Notice of such Warrant has been duly published in manner herein-before required, the said Commissioners shall certify the same accordingly; and such Certificate shall be received in all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence that such Notice was duly published as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That after the granting of any such Warrant, and the Publication of such Notice thereof as

aforesaid,

1850. Railways Abandonment Cap. 83. 737

aforesaid, the Company shall (subject to the Provisions herein- to be released after contained) be released from all Liability to make, maintain, from Liability or work the Kail way mentioned in such Warrant, or the Part Railway.41*6 thereof thereby authorized to be abandoned, or to purchase any of the Lands required for the making thereof, or to complete the Purchase of any such Lands for the Purchase of which Notice may have been given, or any Contract entered into, by er on behalf of the Company, or to complete any Contract for or concerning the making, maintaining, or working of the Railway so to be abandoned, or any other Contract relating to the Hallway or Part of Railway so authorized to be abandoned wUckiy reason of such Abandonment cannot be performed:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to release the Company from any Liability to complete the Purchase of any Land for the Purchase of which any Contract may have been entered into by or on behalf the Company, and which Contract may have been in part performed, or by virtue or in pursuance of which a specified Sum or Price as the Consideration for the Purchase of the Lands thereby agreed to be sold to or taken by the Conroany shall have been fixed or ascertained previously to the passing of this Act, notwithstanding the Time for the (Jompletion of the Purchase named in such Contract shall have been subsequently extended by Agreement or Arrangement with the Company.

i.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Compensation Case in which before the granting of any such Warrant any Notice hath been given or Contract entered into by or on behalf h*ve been of the Company named therein for purchasing any Lands which entered into or such Company were by the Acts relating thereto empowered to NotlCC glTen* purchase far the Purpose of constructing the Railway or Portion of Railway so authorized to be abandoned, and from which Contract such Company would be relieved under the Provisions herein-before contained, or where any Contract hath been entered into for or concerning the constructing, maintaining, or working of the Railway or Part of Railway so authorized to be abandoned, or any other Contract relating thereto, which by reason of such Abandonment cannot be performed, the Company shall make to the Owners or Occupiers of and other Parties interested in such Lands, or being Parties to such Contracts as aforesaid. Compensation, to be determined by Arbitration as herein-after mentioned, for all Injury or Damage, if any, sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason Of such Purchase not being completed pursuant to such Notice, ortyrtaaon of such Contract not being performed.

XXI. And be it enacted, That where any Railway or Part Compensation of a Railway so authorized to be abandoned shall have been in

thefePmade or commenced, such Company shall make to the lieu of Ac-Qw&et* and Occupiers of the Lands adjoining the Railway or wmmodation Fa Railway so commenced or made, and authorized to or be atbb&dooed, Compensation, to be determined by Arbitration rflunrt nftrr mentioned, for all such Injury or Damage, if any,

3 A 2 as

738

Cap. 83.

Railways Abandonment 13 & 14 VICT.

Where Roads have been carried across abandoned

Bridge or Tunnel, Company to make Compensation, in lieu of keeping Bridges, &c. in repair, except where the Road is restored to its former State.

as shall be sustained by such Owners or Occupiers by reason of the Omission to make Gates, Passages, Drains, Watercourses, Bridges, and such other Works, for the Accommodation of Lands adjoining the Railway, as such Company would have been required to make if such Railway had not been allowed to be abandoned.

XXII. And be it enacted, That where the Line of any Railway so authorized to be abandoned shall have been wholly or *oaauoDeu partially laid out, and any Road shall have been carried across Line of Railway such Line of Railway by means of a Bridge or Tunnel over or by means of under such Railway, which Bridge or Tunnel the Company to whom such Railway belonged would, in case the same had not been abandoned, have been liable to keep in repair, then in every such Case, except where such Bridge or Tunnel shall, with the Permission of the said Commissioners, be by such Company removed, and such Road restored to the like or an equally convenient and good State as the same was in before it was interfered with by the Makers of such Railway, to the Satisfaction (in case of Difference between such Company and the Owner or Persons having the Management of such Road) of the Commissioners of Railways, such Company shall pay to the Owner of such Road, if it be a private Road, or to the Trustees, Surveyors of Highways, or other Persons having the Management of such Road, if it be a Turnpike or other public Road, a Sum of Money, to be determined by Arbitration as after mentioned, in lieu and discharge of their Liability to keep such Bridge or Tunnel, and also the Roadway over the same, in repair. Compensation

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Sum so to be paid as to Trustees and last aforesaid to such Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons as - aforesaid shall be by them forthwith paid over to the Treasurer of the County where the Bridge or Tunnel in respect of which such Sum was paid is situate, and shall be by him invested in Consolidated Bank Annuities or other Public Securities, and the Dividends or Income thereof shall, until Parliament shall otherwise provide, be applied in the Maintenance of the Bridge or Tunnel in respect whereof the same was paid, in such Manner as the Justices in Quarter Sessions having Jurisdiction where such Bridge or Tunnel is situate shall order.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Sum so to be paid as last aforesaid in Scotland to such Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall be by them paid into Bank, and the Interest to arise thereon shall, until Parliament shall otherwise provide, be applied in the Maintenance of the Bridge or Tunnel in respect whereof the same was paid, in such Manner as the Sheriff of the County in which such Bridge or Tunnel is situate, in case of any Difficulty arising, shall direct.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the Com-

ArbitraUoif by P6118^1011 so to be made in the several Cases aforesaid shall be pursuant* to* determined, in case of Difference, by Arbitration, in the Mannar

8 & 9 Vict. c. so. provided by the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or nod 8 & 9 Vict. the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, Scotland\ 1845, as the c-33- Case

Overseers of public Roads, how to be applied.

Application of Monies paid.

Amount of Compensation

1850. Railways Abandonment. Cap. 83.

Case may require, and for that Purpose all the Clauses of the said Railways Clauses Consolidation Acts with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act: Provided always, that no such Railway Company shall be liable to make any Compensation in respect of Damage alleged to have been sustained by reason of the Abandonment of the Railway or Part of the Railway, or the Non-completion of any Contract of such Company in any of the Cases aforesaid, unless the Claim for such Compensation shall have been made within Six Months after the Publication in the Gazette of the Notice of the Warrant for such Abandonment as herein-before provided.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Authority so as aforesaid given for abandoning the making of any such Railway or Part of a Railway shall not prejudice or affect the Right of the Owner or Occupier of any Lands to receive from such Company Compensation for any Damage that may have been occasioned by the Entry of such Company upon such Lands, for the Purpose of surveying and taking Levels, and of probing or boring to ascertain the Nature of the Soil, or of setting out the Line of the Railway, pursuant to the Provisions for that Purpose in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act (Scotland), 1845, contained.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That all the Lands acquired by such Company for the Purposes of the Railway or Part of Railway so authorized to be abandoned shall be sold by such Company within the Time limited or prescribed for that Purpose in the Warrant authorizing the Abandonment of such Railway, and if no Time be therein prescribed for that Purpose, then within Two Years from the Date of such Warrant, in the Manner prescribed by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts with respect to the Sale of superfluous Lands; and for that purpose all the Clauses of the said last-mentioned Acts with respect to the Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Undertaking under the Provisions of their special Act, but which are not required for the Purposes thereof, shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act: Provided always, that the Offer to be made by the Railway Company pursuant to the said Acts to sell such Lands to the Person entitled to the Lands from which the same were severed shall be made at a Price or Sum not greater than the Price or Sum at which such Lands were purchased by such Company.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That when the said Commissioners of Railways, by any such Warrant as aforesaid, authorize the Abandonment of a Part only of the Railway of any Railway Company, they may, if they think fit, require that the Capital authorized to be raised by such Company in respect of such Railway shall be reduced to such Extent and in such Manner as the said Commissioners think fit, and so that such Reduction do not bear a greater Proportion to the whole Capital

3 A 3 so

739

Claim* for Compensation to be made within Six Months after Publication of Warrant for Abandonment.

Company to be still liable for Damage occasioned by their Entry on Lands for taking Levels, &c. pursuant to 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. or 8 & 9 Vict c. 19.

Lands purchased by the Railway Company to be sold within a limited Time.

Where Part of a Railway is authorized to be abandoned, the Commissioners may require the Capital to be reduced.

740

After Warrant for Abandonment of the whole Railway the Powers of the Company ate to cease, except for winding up.

Provisions of

11 & 12 Vict c. 45. and

12 & 13 Vict c. 108. to apply to Cases where Order of winding-up was made prior to passing of said Acts.

Cap. 83. Mailtoays Abandonment* 13 & 14 VICT#

so authorized to be raised than the Cost of the Part of the Railway so authorized to be abandoned would have borne to the Cost of the whole Railway; and they may also, if they think fit, in like Manner reduce the Amount which such Company are authorized to borrow on Mortgage or Bond, and every such Reduction shall be expressed in the said Warrant; and in every such Case the Capital of such Company, and their Power of borrowing Money, shall be reduced and limited in conformity with the Directions for that Purpose contained in such Warrant; and such Company shall have all the same Powers for enforcing the Payment of Calls in respect of the Shares in the Capital when reduced in the Manner required by the said Commissioners, and for enforcing the Forfeiture of any such Shares in default of Payment of such Calls, as such Company wotdd have had in respect of the original Capital of such Company if this Act had not been passed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Company to reduee or interfere with any Amount of Capital paid up or called for before the Eleventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and entitled to any preferential or guaranteed Dividend or Interest.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That after the granting of any such Warrant as aforesaid for the Abandonment of the whole Railway of any Railway Company the Powers of such Company for the Construction, Maintenance, and Management of such Railway shall cease, and such Company shall continue to exist only for the Purpose of winding up their Affairs, and they shall accordingly, subject to the Provisions herein contained with respect to the Sale of Lands acquired by such Company for the Purposes of their Railway, proceed with all convenient Speed to collect and to convert into Money all their Property and Effects, and shall in the first place pay and satisfy all their Debts and Liabilities, and after full Payment and Satisfaction thereof shall distribute the surplus Funds among the Shareholders of the Company in proportion to their Shares and Interests therein, and for the Purposes aforesaid all the Powers of such Company shall continue in full Force and Effect; and when and so soon as the same shall have been fully accomplished such Company shall be dissolved, and cease to exist.

XXX. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Provision in the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Amendment Act, 1849, excepting Bail way Companies incorporated by Act of Parliament from the Application of the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848, the said Two several Acts shall nevertheless apply to any Railway Company incorporated' by Act of Parliament in respect of which an Order may have been made by the Court of Chancery for winding up the Affairs of such Company previous to the passing of the said Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Amendment Act, 1849, and the Proceedings for winding up the same shall proceed and be carried

1850. Railways Abandonment. Cap. 83. 741

on under the said Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848, and the said Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Amendment Act, 1849, or either of them.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any such Warrant When Warrant as aforesaid shall have been granted for the Abandonment of has been granted the whole Railway of any Railway Company in England or [he^le°Raif-Ireland, any Shareholder of such Company may present a Peti- way, Sharehold-tion under the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, 1848, ers may petition or any Act for the Amendment of such Act, for the winding 1*5!

up of the Affaire of such Company under the said Act, and for 12 Vict. c. 45., that Purpose the Railway Company whose Railway is so autho- notwithstanding nzed to be abandoned shall, if the Court shall think fit so to "^h^vict order, (notwithstanding anything to the contrary thereof in the c. 108.

said Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, or in the Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Amendment Act, 1849,) be deemed to be a Company to which the said Act applies.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That where any such Warrant Court of Sea-as aforesaid shall have been granted for the Abandonment of s^on.» .upon the whole Railway of any Railway Company in Scotland, any Shareholder of such Company may present a Petition to the Railway Com-Court of Session, praying the said Court to sequestrate such P^y J'or the Company, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Court ^b^ic^n"ent to issue a Deliverance awarding Sequestration of such Com- Warrant has pany, and to appoint a Factor, who shall take possession of been granted, and recover the Estate of such Company, and realize and

manage the same, for the Purposes of this Act, and for winding up and distributing the same with due Regard to the Rights and Interests of the Creditors and Shareholders, and of all others concerned therein.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to Court of Seethe said Court to establish, by Acts of Sederunt to be passed 8ion to establish by them, all such Rules and Regulations as may be necessary $dj wtment of in relation to the summary Statement, Discussion, and Adjudi- claims, cation of all Claims at the Instance of Creditors, Shareholders, and other Parties against such Company, and by such Rules and Regulations to apply, as far as may be practicable and expedient, towards the Purposes of this Act, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Sequestration of the Estates of Bank- 2 & 3 Vict. c. 4i. rupts in Scotland; ami it shall be competent to the said Court so also to establish all such other Rules and Regulations as may be necessary for carrying fully into effect the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in the event of the Affaire in ease of of any such Company being wound up under any such Petition, p?ti, t!on for the Compensation herein-before directed to be given to the Limdowhere are Owners and Occupiers of Lands and others in respect of the to be deemed Damage sustained by them by reason of such Abandonment in Creditors in the Cases herein-before mentioned, or by reason of the Non-completion of any such Contract as aforesaid, or otherwise, given by this

3 A 4 shall Act

742 Cap. 83. JRailways Abandonment 13 & 14 Vict *

shall be deemed a Demand claimed from, and when ascertained in the Manner provided by this Act a Debt due from, such Company, and the Party by whom such Compensation is claimed shall be deemed a " Creditor," in England or Ireland, within the Provisions of the said Joint Stock Companies Winding-up Act, or, in Scotland, within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty; and in case any Lands purchased by such Railway Company shall be sold by the Official Manager under the said Act, they shall be sold in the Manner and subject to the Provisions contained in this Act Act not to

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act,

of^ui^com5 or any Proceeding thereunder, shall not prejudice or affect any menced before Action or Suit or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity com-nth Feb. 1850. menced before the Eleventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or any Action or Suit brought in connexion with and during the Dependence of and involving the same Matter with such Action or Suit, nor any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding against a Company which shall not have obtained a Warrant authorizing the Abandonment of the Railway or Part of a Railway in respect of which such Action, Suit, or other Proceeding shall be instituted, unless such Company shall, within Three Days after Notice for that Purpose from the Party suing them, give such Party Notice of their Intention to apply for such Warrant, and shall obtain the same, and serve Notice thereof on such Party within Three Calendar Months thereafter, but all such Actions and Suits and other Proceedings shall be proceeded with, and Judgments recovered, and Rules, Orders, and Decrees made therein shall be enforced, as if this Act had not been passed, save only that the same, after Notice given by the Company of their Intention to abandon as aforesaid, shall be suspended for Three Calendar Months, if the Warrant be refused, or be not obtained within that Time. Nothing herein

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing

to authorize in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to ^ydRaUway authorize the Abandonment by any Company of any Railway agreed to be or Portion of a Railway, or other Works, which such Company constructed, has agreed under its Corporate Seal to make and construct, inthout Con- according to any Agreement entered into either with any Individual or with any other Company, unless such Individual or Company shall consent in Writing to such Abandonment. Commissioners

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in each Case in which lUmentwbwe^ s^d Commissioners authorize the Abandonment of the Abandonment whole or a Portion of a Railway, they shall, within Ten Days authorized by after issuing their Warrant for that Purpose, if Parliament be then1, then sitting, or if not, then as soon thereafter as Parliament

meets, lay before both Houses of Parliament a Copy of every such Warrant, accompanied by such Report and Observations as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioners set forth and explain the Reasons for their Award and Warrant in every such Case as aforesaid.

185(X Railways Abandonment Cap. 83. 743

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the following Words Interpretation and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby of Term* assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include also the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall extend to Females:

The Word "Person" shall include Body Corporate:

The Word "Lands" shall include Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments:

The Word "Railway" shall include all Works, Buildings, and Undertakings authorized to be constructed or carried on in connexion with the Railway or belonging thereto:

The Word "Shares" shall include Stock:

The Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in Short Title, other Acts of Parliament, and in legal and other Instruments and Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Abandonment of Railways Act, 1850."

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session *nModed, &c. of Parliament

SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act.

(!*)

Name of Railway.

00

Name of Shareholder.

(10 No. and Amount of Shares or Stock held by him.

(2.) Whether assenting or diasenting.

(1.) The Secretary will insert these Particulars.

(2.) In this Column the Shareholder will write the Word " assenting " or " dissenting," as the Case may be, and sign his Name thereunder.

C. 84. Manchester Bonding (Amendment of Act). 13 & 14 VICT.

74 8 Vict. c. 31.

Council of Borough of Manchester exempted from Liability to pay Expenses of Management and Collection of Customs, &c. in respect of Foreign Goods warehoused, &c.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to enable the Council of the Borough of Manchester to determine their Liability to defray the Expenses of Customs in respect of Goods warehoused in the said Borough, and to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Discontinuance of the further warehousing of Goods in such Warehouses without Payment of Duty.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the warehousing of Foreign Goods for Home Consumption at the Borough of

Manchester in the County of Lancaster: And whereas it is 6 just and expedient that the Council of the Borough of Man- Chester should have the Option of terminating the Liability, ' to which under the said recited Act they are subject, to pay

to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs the Expenses ' incurred by the said Commissioners in the Management and ' Collection of the Customs and other Duties payable in respect of Goods deposited in Warehouses or Places within or near

the said Borough, or within the Distances in the said recited Act mentioned, and of the Maintenance of the Establishment ' of Officers and Clerks necessary for such Management and ' Collection; and in case the said Council shall exercise such ' Option in the Manner herein-after provided, that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury should have Power to ' direct that no further Goods shall be thereafter warehoused

without Payment of Duty in any Warehouse approved under the Provisions of the said recited Act; but the Object aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Council of the said Borough of Manchester, in case they should so think fit, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Notice in Writing under the Common Seal of the Corporation, addressed to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to determine and put an end to the Liability of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, or the Council thereof, to pay any Expenses to be incurred by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs in the Collection and Management of the Customs and other Duties payable in respect of Goods deposited in Warehouses or Places within or near the said Borough, and of the Maintenance of the Establishment of Officers and Clerks necessary for such Management and Collection,

745

1860i Manchester Bonding (Amendment of Act). Cap. 84.

from and after a Date to be named in snob Notice, being not less than Three Months from the Day on which such Notice shall be given, and from and after the Date to be named as aforesaid all Liability imposed under and by virtue of the said herein-before recited Act to pay any such Expenses, except as herein-after is provided, shall absolutely cease and determine; and in case of such Notice being given by the said Council in order to terminate the Liability to pay such Expenses as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Two of them, if they shall so think fit, thereupon to direct that no further Goods shall after the Expiration of such Notice be warehoused without Payment of Duty in any Warehouse approved under the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Act, and from and after the Expiration of such Notice no Goods shall be deposited therein under the Provisions of the said recited Act

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case such Direction shall be issued by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Two of them, as aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Two of them, by Writing under their Hands, to order that the Duties of Customs due upon all Goods deposited in any Warehouse approved under the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Act shall, within the Period of Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Notice upon which such Direction shall be founded, be paid to the proper Officers of Customs at Manchester, or to such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs may direct or appoint to receive the same, or that such Goods shall be removed by the Owners thereof to some other Bonded Warehouse in the United Kingdom within such Period of Twelve Calendar Months; and in default of Payment or Removal as aforesaid within such Period such Goods shall be liable to be forfeited and dealt with in such Manner as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall direct.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything herein contained, the Council of the said Borough of Manchester shall be liable to pay, and shall, on Demand, order to be paid, out of the Borough Fund of the said Borough, to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, all Expenses which shall be incurred by them in relation to or in the Management and Collection of the Duties payable in respect of any Goods which shall then be deposited in any Warehouse approved under the Provisions of the said hereinbefore recited Act, after the issuing of such Direction by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any Two of them, and also during the said Period of Twelve Calendar Months, if such Order shall be issued for that Purpose as aforesaid, unless the Goods in the said Warehouses shall be sooner cleared or removed therefrom, in which latter Case such Expenses shall thenceforth cease to become payable.

Treasury empowered to discontinue warehousing of Goods without Payment of Duty.

Treasury may order Duties to be paid or Goods to be removed.

Council to pay out of Borough Fund Expenses of Management, flee, in respect of Goods deposited under recited Act.

Expenses of ' Act.

Public Act

7 G. 4. c. 74. s. 100.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 26.

a 84. Manchester Bonding (Amendment of Act). 13 & 14 VICT,

IV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and attending the passing of this Act or incidental thereto shall be paid by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Manchester out of any Monies which may be in their Hands at the passing hereof, or out of the first Monies which shall come into their Hands after the passing hereof,

V. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to provide for holding the Assizes of certain Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland in the Assize Towns of the adjoining Counties at large, in certain Cases; and to make Provision as to Gaols in case of the Change of Assize Towns.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and it was thereby amongst other things provided, that in certain Cases therein mentioned the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland should be empowered to direct that all Prisoners within a County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland should be committed to and kept in Custody in the Gaol of the County at large, such Gaol being situate in such County of a City or County of a Town: And whereas under the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in Ireland, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland are empowered, from Time to Time, upon Presentation of a Memorial from a 4 Majority of the Grand Jury of the Assizes of a County in Ireland for such Purpose, to direct at what Place or Places in any County in Ireland the Assizes and Sessions under the Commissions of Gaol Delivery and other Commissions for the Despatch of Civil and Criminal Business shall be holden: And whereas it is expedient that the said Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council should be empowered in certain Cases, upon the Application of the Grand Jury of a County of a 4 City or County of a Town, to direct that the Assizes for such County of a City or County of a Town should be held in the Assize Town of the adjoining County at large, and that all Prisoners within such County of a City or County of a Town should be committed to and kept in Custody in the Gaol of the said County at large, though such Gaol be not situate within such County of a City or County of a Town Be it

therefore

747

Auizei (Ireland).

Cap. 85 *

1850.

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, if he and they shall think fit, on the Application of the Majority of the Grand Jury at any Assizes of any County of a City or County of a Town, to direct and order that the Assizes and Sessions under the Commissions of Gaol Delivery and other Commissions for the Despatch of Civil and Criminal Business for any such County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland or that any Special Commission or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for such County of a City or County of a Town, shall be holden at the Assize Town for the Time being of the County at large adjoining such County of a City or County of a Town, or (in case there be more than One adjoining County) of such One of the said adjoining Counties at large as shall be specified in such Order in Council, or to direct and order that all or any Prisoners within such County of a City or County of a Town shall be committed or transmitted to or kept in Custody in the County Gaol, or any Gaol, Bridewell, or House of Correction of such adjoining County at large, or of such One of the adjoining Counties at large (in case there be more than One) as shall be specified in such Order; and in such Case every such Prisoner so in Custody shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed to be in the proper legal Custody during the Time he or she shall be kept m or be in course of Transmission or Removal to or from such Place of Confinement, or in, to, or from any Court House in such Assize Town, as fully and effectually as if he or she were in Custody within such County of a City or County of a Town; and in case of such last-mentioned Order or Direction, the Maintenance of such Prisoners, and a due Proportion of the Expenses of such Gaol, Bridewell, or House of Correction of such County at large, shall be provided for by Presentments to be made by the Grand Jury at the Assizes of such County of a City or County of a Town to which such Prisoners shall belong (and which Presentments such Grand Jury are hereby required to make), in lieu of all other Presentments in respect of the Gaol of such County of a City or County of a Town; and the Sums presented for the Maintenance of such Prisoners, and such Proportion of Gaol Expenses, shall be paid by the Treasurer of such County of a City or County of a Town to the Treasurer of such County at large.

1L And be it enacted, That in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, shall think fit as aforesaid to order and direct that the Assizes and Sessions under the Commissions of Gaol Delivery, and other Commissions for the Despatch of Civil and Criminal Business, or any Special Com-

The Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland may direct the Assizes of a County of a City or Town to be held at the Assize Town of the adjoining County at large in certain Cases, and the Prisoners to be sent.

Power to Lord Lieutenant and Council to make Regulations for the Purposes of this Act.

mission

748 Cap. 85. Assizes (Ireland), 13 & 14 VICT.

mission or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gael Deli* very, for any such County of a City or County of a Town, shall be holden at the Assize Town of the adjoining County at large, such Assizes and Sessions or such Special Commissions shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed to be the Assizes or Sessions or Special Commission or Commissions for such County of a City or County of a Town, as fully and effectually as if the same were held within such County of a City or County of a Town; and all Grand Jurors, Special and Common Jurors, Witnesses, Prosecutors, Officers, and Persons whatsoever whose Duty it shall be to attend at the Assizes or such Sessions or Special Commissions of the said County of a City or County of a Town, shall attend at, and all Matters and Tilings to be transacted and done at or relating to such Assizes, Sessions, or Special Commissions shall be transacted and done at or relating to, such Place as aforesaid in such adjoining County at large, as fully and effectually as if the same were within such County of a City or County of a Town; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, by and with the Advice aforesaid, to make Rules and Regulations touching the Use of any Court House, House of Correction, Prison, or Common Gaol of such County at large for the Purposes of this Act, and touching the Alterations of any Writs, Precepts, Documents, or other Proceedings whatsoever for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and touching any other Matters that may be requisite for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act; and all such Rules and Regulations shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made by the Authority of Parliament, and shall be notified in the Dublin Gazette, or in such other Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County of a City or County of a Town to be sworn and to act in discharge of their fiscal Business either in their respective County of a City or County of a Town or in such Assize Town as aforesaid in such adjoining County at large to which such Assizes, Sessions, or Special Commissions shall have been removed under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, according as the same may be directed in that Behalf by the same or any subsequent Order in Council. Place for

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be

not^to be^8Q1ZeS ^or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or

changed, unless Governors of Ireland, and the Privy Council there, to make any desired by Order for changing the Place for holding the Assizes or Sessions

Majority of under the Commissions of Gaol Delivery or other Commissions

ran ury. Degpatch of Civil and Criminal Business of any County of a City or County of a Town for the Purposes of this Act, unless a Memorial shall have been presented to him or them by a Majority of the Grand Jury of any Assizes of such County of a City or County of a Town, held within Twelve Months

preceding

W60fc Assises (Ireland). Cap. 85. 749

preceding such Order, praying that snob Change may be made, and unless a Resolution, agreed to by a Majority of the Grand Jury of any Assizes (held within such Twelve Months) of such County at largo (into which the Assizes of such County of a City or County of a Town shall be proposed to be moved as aforesaid) shall have been transmitted to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors by such last-mentioned Grand Jury assenting to such Change being made.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the Place Where Place of

of holding Assizes and Sessions under the Commissions of Gaol holding Awises Delivery and other Commissions for the Despatch of Civil and *

Criminal Business for any County, County of a City, or County Lord Lieu-

of a Town has been or shall be changed under the Provisions tenant and erf the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King Sfuntr WUKam the Fourth or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the g*o\.

Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to order that such Prison or Gaol as he or they shall think fit shall be the Common Gaol of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in relation to which such Change shall have been made, and to order the Removal or Custody of Prisoners thereto or therein accordingly; and in such Cases such Presentments shall and may be made by the respective Grand Jury at the Assizes from Time to Time in respect of the Expenses of any such Gaol and the Prisoners therein, and in like Manner as may be or ought by Law to be made by such Grand Jury in respect of the Common Gaol of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be.

V. And whereas by reason of the Change of the Place Grand Juries

of holding any such Assizes, Sessions, and Commissions as pre>e".t

aforesaid certain of the Officers of the Gaols, or Prisons of to Officer! of *

any such Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns Geols no longer as to which any such Change shall have been made may rw*uired in

t J _ . p consequence of

become unnecessary; and it is expedient that the respective ^ch Change. c Grand Juries should be empowered to grant an annual Allowance or Compensation to any such Officers who may by reason c of such Change be discharged from their Offices Be it enacted, That whenever the Place of holding any such Assizes,

Sessions, and Commissions as aforesaid for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall have been changed as aforesaid, and by reason of such Change any Officers of any Gaol or Prison of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or of any Gaol or Prison used for the Purposes of the same, or any of them, shall become unnecessary, and shall be discharged from their respective Offices, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, if they shall think fit, at each Assizes, without Application to Presentment Sessions, to present One Moiety of such respective annual Sum as the Grand Jury shall deem fit to be paid as an Allowance or Compensation to every such

Officer

Officer so discharged for the Cause aforesaid, during his Life respectively; which respective Sums shall be from Time to Time raised, levied, and paid as other Sums raised and levied under Presentments of the Grand Jury at the same Assizes: Provided always, that no such annual Allowance or Sum shall in any Case exceed Two Thirds of the annual Salary to which such Person shall have been entitled at the Time of his Discharge as aforesaid: Provided also, that if any such Officer as aforesaid shall be nominated and appointed to any Office or Employment in or relating to any of the Gaols of the same County, County of a City, or County of a Town, the Salary and Emoluments of which Office or Employment shall be equal to or shall exceed the Amount of Salary and Emoluments which such Officer before received, then and in such Case the Compensation so hereby provided for every Person so appointed and employed shall cease and determine from the Day of such Nomination and Appointment: Provided also, that if any Person so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall decline or refuse to accept such Office or Employment, his or her Compensation under this Act shall utterly cease and determine.

Act

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or

ed, c. ^pealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVI.

66 G. S. c. xli.

7 & 8 G, 4. c. lxxvi.

1 & 2 W. 4.

c. xlv.

An Act for the Erection on the Earthen Mound in the City of Edinburgh of Buildings for a National Gallery, and other Purposes connected therewith and with the Promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh to cairy into effect certain Purposes in regard to the Erection of a Chapel at the West End of Princes Street, and for effecting certain Improvements in the Neighbourhood thereof and in other Parts of the extended Royalty of the said City; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for carrying into effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh and adjacent to the same; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled " An Act for carrying into effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh and adjacent to the sameby which Acts, or one

f or

1850* National Gallery (Edinburgh). Cap. 86. 751

or other of them, certain Plans were prescribed and Provisions were made regarding the Erection of Buildings on the

Earthen Mound: And whereas it is expedient that the ' public Buildings herein-after mentioned should be erected on the said Mound, irrespective of any former Plans, under the

Direction and Care of the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by Her Majesty and Her Royal Predecessors for

Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, and with the ' Sanction and Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; but these Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Repeal of Pro-this Act all the Provisions in the said recited Acts in relation Ew"!on of lh# to the Erection of Buildings upon the said Earthen Mound Buikiings on shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided never- the Earthen theless, that nothing herein contained shall affect or impair any Moun<L Operation effected or Matter or Thing heretofore done in execution of the Provisions hereby repealed or any of them, or anything otherwise done in the Execution of the Powers of the

stud Acts, and that the said Acts, excepting in so far as hereby repealed, shall continue to be of the same Force and Effect as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And whereas the said Commissioners and Trustees have Power to erect acquired from the Magistrates and Town Council of Edin- Building* on

burgh and others the Space of Ground upon the said Mound ^1>ythe

necessary for the Erection of the intended Buildings Be it Commissioner* enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and *nd Trustee* for Trustees to erect, make, and execute, upon the Ground so Manufacture#-acquired by them, all such Buildings, Apartments, Appurtenances, and Enclosures as shall be necessary for a National

Gallery of Art and other Purposes connected therewith and with the Promotion of the Fine Arts: Provided always, that Plan* to be the Plan of such Buildings, Apartments, Appurtenances, and Jrc^y0fb Enclosures shall, previous to the Commencement of the Erec- the Trea*ury/ tion thereof, be submitted to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and be approved of by them in Writing under their Hands.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said *££r*° Commissioners and Trustees to alter and divert the present Mound? and to Road or Roads on the said Mound or any Part thereof, and substitute other to substitute in place thereof another Road or Roads, which 1106ds *

may in the Opinion of the Lord Provost of Edinburgh be equally convenient for the Public, and may be approved of as such by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the said Road or Roads, when so altered and diverted, shall be and remain under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed or elected under an Act passed in the Ses- 3 B sion

9 & 10 Vict. e. ecclxr.

Property and Buildings, &c. vested in the Commissioners and Trustees.

S G. 4. c. 91.

Appropriation of Buildings, &c. when completed.

As to the Tunnel on the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway through the Mound.

7 & 8 Vict c. Iriii.

Cap. 86. National Gallery (Edinburgh). 13 & 14 VICT *

sion of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Repair and Maintenance of the Roads, Streets, and Bridges within the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh and the Assessments payable in respect thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Sale of such Ground, and the Conveyance thereof by the said Magistrates and Town Council to the said Commissioners and Trustees, shall to all Intents and Purposes, and as regards all Consequences, be and be construed to be as valid and effectual as if made and granted under the Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode of accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, and such Ground, and the Buildings, Apartments, Appurtenances, Conveniences, and Enclosures to be erected, made, or executed thereupon, shall in all Time hereafter be vested in and held by the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, anything in the said recited Acts or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Y. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Appropriation for the several Purposes of this Act of the said Buildings, Apartments, and Appurtenances when completed shall remain and be with the said Commissioners and Trustees, subject to the Approbation of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and during such Time as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall approve of such Appropriation.

VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize an Extension of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, and to amend and enlarge the Provisions of the Acts relating to such Railway, it is enacted that if any Breaches, Cracks, or Openings in the Building situate on ' the said Earthen Mound, called the Royal Institution, or any Settlement or like Damage thereto, shall happen within Fifteen Years after the Formation and Completion of the Tunnel thereby authorized to be made by the said Company through the said Earthen Mound, such Breaches, Cracks, or

Openings, Settlement or Damage, shall be deemed and held to have been caused and occasioned by the working, making, 4 or continuing of the said Tunnel, unless the contrary thereof shall be shown and proved by the said Company: And whereas the Erection of such Buildings, Apartments, Appur-

tenances. Conveniences, and Enclosures for a National Gallery on the said Earthen Mound may affect the Foundations of the said Royal Institution, and it is just and reasonable that the Provision and Enactment last above recited should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of the Works authorized by this Act the said last-mentioned Provision and Enactment shall be void and null,

and

753

1850. National Gallery (Edinburgh). Cap. 86, 87.

and the said Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company shall not be liable for any Breach, Crack, Opening, Settlement, or other Damage to the said Building called the Royal Institution, unless it shall be proved in manner provided by the said last-recited Act and the Acts therein referred to that such Damage would have been caused by the Works of the said Edinburgh and Glasgow Bail way Company although the Works authorized by this Act had not been executed.

VII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Saving nights of be held to limit or restrict or otherwise affect the Rights of the said Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company as they now wayC^jany* exist.

Vin. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Par- amend*d> liament.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for Payment of a Moiety of certain Penalties towards Police Superannuation Funds.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Act for s & 4 Vict.

the Establishment of County and District Constables, it was 88,

enacted, that the Monies accruing from any Portion of the Fines imposed by any Justice of the Peace upon drunken

Persons, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, and from Moieties of Fines and Penalties awarded to Informers, being

Police Constables, on summary Convictions, as shall be

directed by such Justice to be paid for the Benefit of that

Fund, should, with other Monies therein mentioned, be

invested so as to form a Superannuation Fund: And whereas,

under the Act of the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty," to n & 12 Vict.

"facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices out of c-43.

Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary

" Convictions and Orders," where any Person is convicted of

a Penalty, or ordered by a Justice or Justices of the Peace ' to pay any Money, if the Statute on which the Information ' car Complaint is framed contain no Directions for the Payment of such Penalty or Money to any Person or Persons, then ' the same is to be paid to the Treasurer of the County,

Riding, Division, or Liberty, City, Borough, or Place, for which such Justice or Justices shall have acted: And whereas ' another Statute passed in the said Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, for regulating the Sale of Beer and other Liquors 11 & is Vict on the Lord's Day," repeals certain Provisions and Penalties, c*49 *

a Moiety of which Penalties might under former Acts have been directed to be paid for the Benefit of the said Superannuation Fund, and substitutes other Provisions and Penalties for the Provisions and Penalties so repealed, but

154

Justices may direct Portions of Penalties under 11 &

12 Vict. c. 49. to be paid to Superannuation Fund.

Construction of Terms of recited Acts and of this Act

contains no Direction for the Payment of such substituted

Penalties to any Person or Persons Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Moiety of any Penalty imposed on summary Conviction under the said lastly-recited Act may be directed, by the Justice imposing the Penalty, to be paid for the Benefit of the Superannuation Fund herein-before mentioned, and shall be invested and otherwise dealt with accordingly.

CAP. LXXXVT1I.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and explain the several Acts relating to Engines used in the Fisheries of Ireland:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Interpretation Clauses in the said recited Acts contained shall be and are hereby repealed; and that in the Construction and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Words " Person," " Owner," and " Proprietor" shall mean and include any Body Corporate, Aggregate, or Sole, as well as an Individual, and also any Company or Partnership; and any Word importing the Singular Number only shall mean and include several Persons or Parties as well as one Person or Party, and several Things as well as one Thing respectively, and the converse; and any Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall mean and include a Female as well as a Male; and the Word "Lands" shall mean and include all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the Word " Waste" shall include and extend to any and to all uncultivated or unprofitable Lands; and the Word " County" shall include and extend to a County of any City or Town; and the Words " Estuary" and "Bay" shall include and extend to any Harbour or Roadstead; and the Word "Rivers" shall include and extend to Tributaries of Rivers, and to all other Streams and Watercourses; and the Word " Vessel" shall mean and include any Ship, Boat, Cot, Coble, or Curragh; and the Word "Fish" shall extend to and include Oysters and Oyster Brood; and the Word " Salmon " shall extend to and include Grilse, Peall, Sea Trout, Samlets, Par, and all other Fish of the Salmon Kind,

and

755

1850. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88.

and the Spawn and Fry thereof; and the Word " Trout " shall extend to and include Pollen or Fresh-water Herring, and all Fish of the Trout Kind, and the Spawn and Fry thereof; and the Word "Net" shall mean and include all Descriptions of Tackle, Trawl, Trammel, Stake, Bag, Coghill, Eel, Haul,

Draft, and Seine Nets, and all other Engines or Devices, of whatsoever Construction or Materials, or howsoever known or styled, which shall be used for the like Purposes as those in this Act or in the said recited Acts referred to; and the Words " Fixed Net" or Fixed Engine" shall extend to and include Weirs, Stake, Bag, Stop, and Still Nets, and all other Engines or Devices used for the like Purposes, of whatsoever Construction or Materials the same may be, or however known or styled, and whether fixed to the Soil or held by Hand, or made stationary in any other Way; and the Words " Close Time " or " Close Season" shall mean and include any Time or Season within which it is or shall be prohibited to fish for, take, or destroy any Salmon, Trout, Oysters, or any Fish of any of the Kinds in this Act or in the said recited Acts referred to, or the Brood, Spawn, or Fry thereof; and the Word "Fisheries" shall mean and include all Fisheries, whether several or public; and the Words " Several Fisheries" shall mean and include all Fisheries lawfully possessed and enjoyed as such under any Title whatsoever, being a good and valid Title at Law, exclusively of the Public, by any Person or Persons, whether in navigable Waters or in Waters not navigable, and whether the Soil covered by such Waters be vested in such Person or Persons, or in any other Person or Persons; and the Words "Owner" or "Proprietor" shall mean and include every Person who shall be in the actual Possession or Use and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents or Profits, of any Lands or Fisheries (as the Case may be), save that in every Case in which any Person shall be in possession or receipt of the Rents or Profits of any Fisheries or Lands under any Sequestration, Extent, Elcgit, or other Writ of Execution, or as a Receiver under any Order of a Court of Equity, the Person against whom such Writ shall have issued, or who but for such Order would have been in possession, shall, jointly with the Person in possession by virtue of such Writ or Order, be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be the Owner of such Fisheries or Lands; and the Words "Judge of Assize " shall, as to Cases arising or to be determined in the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, mean and include a Judge of any of the Law Courts of Record in Dublin at Nisi Prius at the First Sittings after the pronouncing or making of any Order or Decision appealed from or complained of, or if such First Sittings shall commence within Twenty-one Days after the pronouncing or making such Order or Decision, then at the Sittings next immediately after such First Sittings.

II. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be the in owe of Owner of any Lands, and also the Owner of or interested in L*nd«andFi»h-

o o enes Tested in

3 15 3 some

one Person, how some Question as to any Fisheries adjoining to such Lands, he may met. or carried on or exercised upon the same, such Person for the

Purposes of this Act or the said recited Acts may act and be dealt with in both or either of the several Characters so borne by him as aforesaid.

OwneTuunder HL enacted, That wherever the Owner of any

legal Disability, Lands or Fisheries to which the Provisions of this Act or the who to act. said recited Acts are intended to apply, or any Person interested in any Question as to any Fisheries, shall be a Minor, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability, the Guardian, Trustee, Committee of the Estate, or Husband of such Person or Owner, or His or her Attorney or Agent respectively, and whom they are hereby empowered to nominate under their Hands and Seal, shall for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts be substituted in the Place of such Owner or Person so interested.

done by Agents

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Land dulymuthorixed. Owner or Fishery Owner, by a Power of Attorney given in Writing under his Hand, to appoint an Agent to act for him in carrying into execution the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Acts; and all Tilings which by this Act or the said recited Acts are directed to be done by or with relation to any Person may be lawfully done by or with relation to the Agent so duly authorized of such Person; and every such Agent may be dealt with in all respects as such Person himself might have been dealt with under this Act or the said recited Acts; and every such Agent shall have full Power, in the Name and on behalf of his Principal, to take part in or act upon any Inquiry, or prosecute, oppose, or defend any Complaint, Appeal, Action, Writ, Suit, or other Proceeding, or attend, vote at, and take part in any Meeting, or do or suffer any other Act for the Purposes of this Act or the said recited Acts; and every Person shall be bound by the Acts of any such Agent, according to the Authority committed to him, as fully as if the Principal of such Agent had so acted; and the Power of Attorney under which the Agent shall have acted shall be produced, inspected, or registered, and Copies or Extracts thereof made, at such Times and Places and in such Manner as the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the said recited Acts shall direct; and any such Power of Power of Attorney may be in the Form following:

Attorney. 4 | A.B. of [&fc.] do hereby appoint C.D. of [§*c.] to be my

lawful Attorney to act for me in all respects as if I myself were present and acting; and I make this Appointment under and by virtue of an Act passed in the

Year of Her present Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act], (Signed) 4 A.B. '

Conservators V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of SnerslMcS- c Her P1*68611* Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Pro- ingTto depute* tection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trout, and other Inland

Fisheries

185<X Engines'for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88. 757

Fisheries of Ireland, it was amongst other things enacted. Conservators

that the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act *£ Electoral

should divide Ireland and the Sea Coast and Islands thereof fo^ch Elec- into Districts, and should subdivide each such District into toral Divisions.

Two or more Electoral Divisions, and that Conservators of 11 & 12 Vict.

Fisheries should be elected and returned for each such Elec- 92 *

toral Division, to represent the same; and it was further ' enacted by the said recited Act, that the Board of Conservators of each District should fix and determine and duly f publish Notice of the Times and Places for the General Meetings of such Board, and that it should be lawful for the Board of Conservators for each such District, at some

Meeting specially appointed by them, to nominate and appoint

a Clerk or Clerks, with reasonable Salaries, and to appoint ' some Bank td act as Treasurer, and as many Inspectors and ' Water Bailiffs as might be necessary; and it was further provided by the said recited Act, that all Sums of Money received for Licence Duties and Bates, and for Forfeitures and Penalties, for each such District, should be paid over to and received by such Treasurer, and applied to the Purposes of such District, under the Provisions of the said Act, and that such Treasurer should pay such Sums of Money as should be required for the Purposes of the District from Time to Time, upon a Draft signed by the Chairman at any General Meeting of the Board of Conservators, and by Two other Conservators: And whereas by reason of the large Extent of some of the Districts formed under the Provisions of the said Act it is expedient, for the better Administration thereof, 4 to make further Provisions Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Conservators of Fisheries assembled at any General Meeting for any District under the Provisions of the said Act, if they shall think fit so to do, to make an Order under their Hands and Seals authorizing the Conservators of any Electoral Division or Divisions to hold Meetings within the Division or Divisions for which they may have been elected, and to appoint a Bank to be Treasurer, and to appoint a Clerk, Inspector, and Water Bailiffs to act for such Division or Divisions, with reasonable Salaries: Provided always, that the fixing and duly publishing Notice of the Times and Places for the Meetings of Conservators in such Electoral Divisions, and the Appointment of a Bank to act as Treasurer, and the Appointments of Clerks, Inspectors, and Water Bailiffs, as herein provided, pursuant to such Order, shall be subject to the same Provisions and Regulations as are provided and required by the said recited Act to be observed and done by Boards of Conservators assembled at General District Meetings, with Respect to the Premises; and that after any such Order shall have been made the bolding of such Meetings and such Appointments shall be good and valid in Law, and it shall and may be lawful for the Conservators assembled at any General District Meeting as aforesaid to apply and appropriate any

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Existing Fishery Districts, &c. may be altered from Time to Time by the Com* miwiooers.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 92.

Ail Fisheries rated under Poor Law Valu-

Portion of the Money received for Licence Duties and Rates, and for Forfeitures and Penalties, for any District, as they shall consider expedient, to and for the Purposes of any such Electoral Division or Divisions, and cause the same to be lodged to the Credit of the Conservators for such Electoral Division or Divisions in the Bank which such Conservators shall as herein provided appoint to act as Treasurer, and such Treasurer shall pay such Sums of Money as shall be required for the Purposes of such Electoral Division or Divisions, from Time to Time, upon a Draft or Order signed by the Chairman at any Meeting of such Conservators for such Electoral Division or Divisions, and by Two other such Conservators: Provided always, that such Conservators acting for any Electoral Division or Divisions as herein provided shall furnish such Accounts of the Disbursements of such Money as may be lodged to their Credit in the Manner aforesaid as the Conservators for any District making such Order as aforesaid shall from Time to Time require.

VI. And whereas the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Acts respectively for the Execution of the same,

have, for the Purpose of regulating the Use of certain Engines, and generally for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, made

sundry Divisions and Subdivisions of Fishery Districts, and have duly published the same respectively, and Boards of Conservators have been elected for such Districts respectively, which said Divisions and Subdivisions respectively it ' may be desirable to revise and alter from Time to Time for ' the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act:* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts may for the Purposes aforesaid, upon the written Application of and signed by at least One Third Part in Number of the Board of Conservators for any Fishery District, whether now subsisting or which may have been altered, subdivided, united, or made by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, alter or subdivide such District or any Electoral Division thereof, and may fix other Boundaries for the same, or unite any Two or more Electoral Divisions of One District, or make any new or additional or substituted Electoral Division in any District, and to determine the Number of Conservators to be elected for each such Electoral Division: Provided always, that every such Alteration or Subdivision Union, or Addition, or Substitution shall be duly published and described, with the Boundaries of the same, in such Manner as is in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon, Trouts and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland, required to be done in the Case of Divisions and Subdivisions of Fishery Districts made under that Act.

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of the Queen it is provided, that in the Case of certain

fixed

1850. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88 *

fixed and established Fisheries which are designated Several c Fisheries the same are liable, in addition to the Licence Duty ' provided by the said Act to be paid for the Engines used in c fishing such Fishery, to such Sum as an annual Sate as shall be equal to the Amount of the Difference between the Sums paid by such respective Persons for such Licence Duty or c Duties as aforesaid and the annual Sum of Ten per Cent upon the Poor Law Valuation of such Fishery, subject to such Alteration of such Percentage as may from Time to Time be made by the Board of Conservators of the District under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said Liability should be extended to all productive Fisheries which may be rated for the Belief of the Poor at any Time:* Be it therefore enacted, That all Salmon, Trout, and Eel Fisheries whatsoever so rated for the Relief of the Poor, whether possessed as Several Fisheries, as so designated in an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries, or this Act, or otherwise, shall\ be liable to the same annual Sum or Rate as aforesaid on the Poor Law Valuation' as those Fisheries designated Several Fisheries: Provided always, that such rating shall not confer a Right, or Title to any such Fisheries as Several Fisheries, or any other Right or Title which the Persons possessing them would not have possessed if this Act had not passed: Provided also, that such Rate shall be recoverable in like Manner as the same Rate on Several Fisheries.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where any Monies shall be received by the Treasurer of any District in respect of Licence Duties or Rates for the Period or Term in which the then next Election of Conservators is to take place, such Monies shall, until such Election, be carefully retained by such Treasurer, and shall after such Election be paid over by him to or to the Order of the new Board of Conservators, to be applied by them according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That any Party who shall conceive himself or any other Person to be unduly or unequally or insufficiently charged by any such Board of Conservators with any Licence Duty as aforesaid, may present his Appeal therefrom, either to the Assistant Barrister for the District or to the going Judges of Assizes at the then or then next Assizes holden for the County or Jurisdiction wherein his Fishery District is situate; and such Assistant Barrister or Judges, as the Case may be, shall hear and examine into such Appeal, and adjudicate thereon, and such their Adjudication shall be final: Provided always, that until and unless any Charge shall be reduced or disallowed by such Assistant Barrister or Judges (as the Case may be), the Party charged shall be deemed Sable to the full Amount of Licence Duty wherewith he shall have so been charged: Provided also, that if such Charge shall be so reduced

or

759

ation to pay the tame Rate, Id addition to Licence Duly, as Several Fisheries.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.

District Funds to be applied by the Conservators elected for the Year.

Appeal against Amount of Licence Duty.

Provisions in case of Vacancies in the Board of Conservators.

Justices of the Peace being Conservators not disqualified from sitting at the Trial of Offences against this Act.

Penalty for fishing without Licence increased.

Cap. 88. Engines far taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

or disallowed as aforesaid such Reduction or Disallowance (a* the Case may be) shall relate back to the Time of making such Charge, and shall operate either by way of further Change of of Discharge in full, or pro tanto% as the Case may be; and if it shall operate by way of Discharge as aforesaid, and the Party so discharged shall have theretofore actually paid the Amount of such Charge, he shall immediately upon such Adjudication be entitled to recover back from the said Board of Conservators for such District the full Amount of such Charge, or (as the Case may be) the Excess beyond or over the true Amount of such Charge, in conformity with the said Adjudication: Provided always, that due Notice of the Party's Intention to present such Appeal shall be by him served upon the said Board of Conservators within Ten Days after the making of such Charge: Provided always, that no such Appeal shall lie in respect of any Licence Duties specified in the Schedule annexed to the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any Conservator shall die, or become incapable to act, during the Period for which he is elected, the other Conservators elected for the same District (notwithstanding such his Death or Incapacity, and whether any Person shall or not be elected in his Room,) shall immediately summon another General Meeting of the Persons in his Electoral Division so entitled to meet as in the said Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty is mentioned, for the Purpose of electing a Conservator in his Room, and such Meeting shall be so summoned and held as is therein provided with respect to the annual General Meetings, and the Person elected at such Meeting shall be and continue and act as a Conservator for such Electoral Division and District during the Residue of the said Period: Provided nevertheless, that in the meantime and until such new Election the said other Conservators shall act for such District in all respects as they might have done but for such Death or Incapacity.

XI. And be it enacted, That no elected or other Conservator, being also a Justice of the Peace for the County or Counties or other Jurisdiction within which his District or Electoral Division is situate, shall be thereby disqualified to sit and adjudicate as such Justice of the Peace, or at any Quarter or Petty Sessions within the same, upon any Complaint made or Prosecution instituted by or on the Behalf of the Board of Conservators of which he is such Member, in respect of any Offence against this Act or the said recited Acts: Provided always, that no elected or other Conservator shall be qualified, so long as be holds such Office, to receive or hold any Office or Appointment under this Act to which any Salary, Allowance, or Remuneration is incident.

XII. And be it enacted, That any Persons using or erecting any Engine, Net, Instrument, or Device whatsoever, without being duly licensed under the Provisions of the before-recited Act

761

1850l Engine* far taking Fish (Ireland), Cap. 88.

Act of the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, or this Act, shall be liable to pay such Penalty, not less than double nor more than treble the Licence Duty which the Engine, Net, Instrument^ or Device he shall have been so using or erecting would for the Time being be subject to under the said Act or this Act, in addition to the Forfeiture of the Engine so used, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XUL And whereas it is enacted by the before-recited Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, intituled

An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon,

Trout, and other Inland Fisheries of Ireland, that for the ' several Districts, as fixed by the Commissioners, Conservators ' shall be annually elected and appointed as therein provided; and it is expedient that such Elections should not too frequently take place:' Be it therefore enacted, That after the passing of this Act all Conservators appointed at the next Elections for Conservators, and at all future Elections, shall continue to hold Office for Three Years from the Time of their Elections, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Board of Conservators shall neglect to give Notice and appoint Times and Places for holding Meetings for Elections, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint such Times and Places for such Purpose; and in such Cases the Election of Conservators shall be as good and valid in Law as if the Meeting had been called by the Conservators.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any Party complaining of the erecting, maintaining, or of using any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, shall exhibit to the said Commissioners his Complaint in that Behalf in Writing signed by him, and setting forth such Particulars of hiB said Complaint as are in the like Case required by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating the Irish Fisheries, the said Commissioners shall thereupon summon before them the Party or Parties (if he or they can be found) erecting, maintaining, or using such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or if he or they are absent or dead, or under Incapacity, then the Occupier or Occupiers (if any) of the Land whereon the same is so erected, or the Owner or Owners of such Land, if the same shall not be occupied, to attend at some convenient Place within the County or Jurisdiction in which or on the Shore or Boundary of which any such Wot, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, may be so erected, constructed, maintained, or used; and the said Commissioners shall accordingly, at the Time and Place mentioned in any such Summons, upon Proof of the personal Service of such Summons, or upon Proof of such Summons having been left at or on board the Vessel or at or posted on the known Residence of the Party or Parties so summoned, proceed to hear all each pertinent Evidence as may be adduced before

them,

Elections of Conservators to be triennial instead of annual. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 92.

Commissioners may adjudicate on Complaints of illegal Fishing, and order Weirs to be abated.

9 & 10 Vict c. 114.

762

Appeals from such Adjudications.

Cap. 88. Engines far taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

them, whether at the Instance of them the said Commissioners, or on behalf of the Party (if any) making such Complaint, or on behalf of the Party or Parties summoned; and if, after hearing all such Evidence, the said Commissioners shall so think fit and right, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (whether the Party or Parties so summoned shall have appeared or not at such Hearing) to make an Order or Decision in Writing under their Hands and Seals, declaring that such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, is a Nuisance, and shall be abated and removed; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direct or authorize some 'proper Person to abate and remove such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or Part thereof, at the Expense of the Party or Parties summoned, or such of them as shall appear to the said Commissioners to have erected, constructed, maintained, or used the same, or suffered such Erection, Construction, Maintenance, or User, or any of them, and thereupon the same shall be abated and removed accordingly; and, subject to the Appeal herein-after provided for, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct that the Materials of any such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, be forfeited and sold, and the Produce arising from such Sale applied in such Manner as is in the said recited Acts provided in Cases of illegal Nets used or legal Nets illegally used for fishing.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person, whether Complainant or Defendant, shall think himself aggrieved by any such Order or Decision of the said Commissioners, such Person may appeal to the next going Judges of Assize at the Assizes to be held for the County, County of the City or Town, in which or on the Shore or Boundary of which any such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, shall have been so erected, constructed, maintained, or used, provided such Assizes shall be held at any Time not less than Thirty-one Days after the Time the said Commissioners shall have made any such Order or Decision; and in case such Assizes shall be held within Thirty-one Days from the Time of such Order or Decision, such Appeal shall be made to the Assizes to be held in and for such County, County of a City or Town, next after such first Assizes; and that no such Appeal shall be allowed, received, heard, or determined unless the Party appealing shall, within Twenty-one Days from the Date of such Order or Decision, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of his Intention to try such Appeal, and decide whether the Party against whom such Complaint was made had a Bight to erect, construct, maintain, or use such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, or suffer such Erection, Construction, Maintenance, or User, at the Time or in the Place where the same may have been so erected, constructed, maintained, or used: Provided always, that in case of such Appeal being made against any Order or Decision for the Abatement or Betnoval of any such Weir,

fixed

763

1850. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88.

fixed Net or Engine, or Part thereof, as aforesaid, and Notice

S*ven as aforesaid, the Materials of such Weir, fixed Net or ngine, or Part thereof, as the Case may be, shall be deposited in the Custody of such Officer or Men of Coast Guard or Constabulary, or with such other Party or Person as the said Commissioners may direct or appoint for the Purpose, there to remain and be kept until the Matter of such Appeal shall be decided as aforesaid, or until the Time for prosecuting the same shall have expired; and if such Decision shall be in favour of the Appellant, such Materials shall thereupon be returned, and the Amount of his Expenses (if any) incident to such Abatement, Removal, and Deposit as aforesaid respectively repaid to such Appellant.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, other pities for than the Person or Persons entitled to exercise such Right as erecting or in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, shall place, usin8 Wein* erect, maintain, or use any Weir, fixed Net, or other Contri- thb Act.*0 vance for placing or erecting Nets or taking of Fish on any Parts of the Coast of Ireland or on the Bank or Shore of any River or Estuary wherein the Tide ebbs and flows, or in the Sea or Tideway adjoining such Coast, Bank, or Shore; and that if any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons so entitled as aforesaid, shall place, erect, maintain, or use any Weir, fixed Net, or other such Contrivance as aforesaid, contrary to this Act, he or they, being thereof convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than One Pound, together with the further Penalty of Ten Shillings for every Fish taken or destroyed by him or them by means of such Weir, fixed Net, or Contri* vanoe; and the said Weir, fixed Net, or Contrivance shall also be forfeited, and ordered to be abated or removed at the Expense of such Offenders or Offender, by the Commissioners, or (as the Case may be) by the Magistrate before whom such Conviction shall be had, and the Materials thereof shall be disposed of in such Manner as is by ' A '

illegally used for fishing.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if, after any Order or Penalties for Decision of any Judge of Assize heretofore made, for abating erecting or or removing any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part w^Tafter thereof, or after any Order or Decision of any Court what- Conviction, soever, which shall at any Time hereafter be made, for abating or removing any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, unless and until the same shall be reversed on Appeal, any Person shall erect, re-erect, use, or fish with any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, in or adjoining or contiguous to any Place where it may have been or shall be decided by any such Court that any such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, should be abated and removed, or if any Person shall erect, re-erect, use, or fish with any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, contrary to

them directed with respect

Law,

Not to prevent, in certain Cases, the Erection of Weirs in or adjoining to the Place from which Weirs had been abated and removed by Order of Court.

Cap. 88. Engine* fot taking Fi$h (Ireland). 13 & 14 Yltffl.

Law, and after Conviction of any Person for erecting, twinge or fishing with any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, in the same Place, or in, adjoining, or contiguous to the same Place, or for erecting, using, or fishing with any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, of the same Description or used for the same Purposes, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, or any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or other Jurisdiction wherein the said Weir, fixed Net or Contrivance, or any Part thereof, shall have been so erected or re-erected, or used or fished with, shall, by Warrant under their Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, and so often as any such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, shall be so erected, re-erected, used, or fished with, abate and remove the same, at the Expense of the Party or Parties erecting, re-erecting, using, or fishing with the same, or of the Owners or Occupiers of the Soil whereon such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, shall be so erected, reerected, used, or fished with, (if such Owners or Occupiers shaft appear to have permitted or suffered such Erection, Re-erection, Use, or Fishing,) and further, that the Materials of every such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and sold or otherwise disposed of as the said Commissioners or Justices shall direct; and that the said Party or Parties and Owner shall (independently of all other Forfeitures and Penalties to which under this Act or the said recited Acts he or they may be liable) forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds, and also any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Two Pounds for every Day during which such Weir, fixed Net or Engine^ or such Part thereof, shall continue to be so erected, re-erected, used, or fished with as aforesaid; and that the Produce of such Sale and all such Forfeitures and Penalties respectively shall be disposed of and applied in such Manner as is in and by the said recited Acts directed in regard of illegal Nets or Nets illegally used for fishing.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any such Order or Decision of any such Court as aforesaid hath been or shall hereafter be made for abating or removing any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, merely by reason of its having been erected, used, or fished with on the Soil and without the Permission of the Person being or claiming to be the lawful Owner thereof, and for no other Reason, such Person shall not be thereby estopped or prevented from afterwards erecting, re-erecting, using, or fishing with (subject, nevertheless, to the other Provisions of this Act and the said recited Acts) any such Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, or any other Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, in or adjoining or contiguous to the Place wherein it may have been or shall be decided by such Court as aforesaid that the said first-named Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or such Part thereof, as aforesaid, should be

abated

M50i Engine* for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88. 765

abated and removed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be- construed to give to or confer upon any such Person so being or claiming as aforesaid any new or better Title to the said Soil, or any new or better Right to erect, use, or fish with any Weir, fixed Net or Engine, or any Part thereof, in or adjoining to or contiguous to such Place as aforesaid, but that he shall in other respects remain and be subject to the Provisions of Hie said recited Acts and of this Act in that Behalf set forth.

XIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Nothing to Acts or this Act contained shall take away or in any Manner

lessen or impair the Powers of Her Majesty's High Court of Admiralty and ' Admiralty, or any other Court or Jurisdiction, in relation to other Courts, the Removal or Abatement of Nuisances accruing or occasioned to Navigation, Fishery, or the Passage of Fish, by the placing or maintaining or using of Weirs, fixed Nets, or other Contrivances.

XX. And be it enacted, That in any Action or Prosecution Metes and for or in respect of any of the Trespasses or Nuisances aforesaid Boumi* not it shall not be necessary to set forth in the Declaration or In- bea^outon dictment the Metes or Bounds of the Place in which the Tree- Records, pass or Nuisance complained of hath been committed, and that

it shall be sufficient to state generally that the same was committed within the District in which the Fishery in question shall happen to be situate.

XXI. And whereas Provisions have been made by the said Further Powers ' recited Acts for defining the Mouths of Rivers " at their ^thf0©?

Entrance into the Seaand for the better Protection and Rivers.* c Regulation of the Fisheries it may in many Cases be expedient

to prohibit the Use of Nets within certain Distances of the

Mouths of tributary Rivers at their Entrance into other

Rivers, Estuaries, Roadsteads, or Bays:' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to define the Mouths of such Rivers, where they shall think fit so to do, subject to the Provisions of the said recited Acts; and when the Mouth of any such River shall have been defined as herein provided, the same Regulations with respect to using, placing, or erecting Nets shall be observed, and may be enforced in like Manner as provided by the said recited Acts and this Act, and any Person offending shall suffer the same Forfeitures and Penalties as therein provided.

XXII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing Penalties for of this Act, if any Person entitled to or possessed of the Fishing of any River or Branch thereof, or any Weir, Dam, or Dyke for statutory Free* the taking of Fish, and not being by Prescription or other legal Gap or Queen's Title exempted from the Obligation of having, making, or Share* maintaining any Free Gap or Queen's Share therein, shall omit or neglect to have, make, or maintain such Free Gap or Queen's Share of the Dimensions or in the Place or to construct it in the Manner now by Law required, or shall reduce

the

766

Communoners may require Owners of Weirs in certain Cases to make Gaps therein, ami furnish a Claim for Compensation *

the Width of any existing Free Gap or Queen's Share, or substitute a Free Gap or Queen's Share of less Width in lieu thereof, the said Commissioners may cause such Alterations to be made, and recover the Expenses thereof against such Person, and the Person so offending shall also forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also for every Fish taken by means of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, so long as such Free Gap or Queen's Share shall not be left, made, or maintained of the Dimensions or in the Place or shall not be constructed in the Manner now by Law required, or shall be reduced in Width, or shall remain of less Width than that in lieu of which it is substituted, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and shall also, for every Day during which such Free Gap or Queen's Share shall not be left, made, or maintained of the Dimensions or in the Place or shall not be constructed in the Manner now by Law required, or shall be reduced in Width, or shall remain of less Width than that in lieu of which it is substituted, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; and such Expenses and Forfeitures shall be recovered in like Manner as is herein-after provided with respect to Penalties for Offences against the said recited Acts and this Act: Provided always, that the Person who is lawfully entitled to or lawfully possessed of any Weir, Dam, or Dyke, and who shall be not liable or compellable at Law to have, make, widen, or maintain, or to cause to be left, made, widened, or maintained, a Free Gap or Queen's Share therein, shall not be liable to any Penalty for not leaving, making, widening, or maintaining (as the Case may be) such Free Gap or Queen's Share, until his Claim (if any) for Compensation for the Loss or Damage he may sustain by leaving, making, widening, or maintaining such Free Gap or Queen's Share be settled and disposed of, and the Amount of Compensation (if any) paid, tendered, or lodged, according to the Provisions herein-after contained.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That where the Owner of any such Weir, Dam, or Dyke as aforesaid is not liable or compellable at Law to leave, make, widen, or maintain, or to cause to be left, made, widened, or maintained, any such Free Gap or Queen's Share in such Weir, Dam, or Dyke as aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of any Person or Persons who is or are interested in the Fisheries in or Lands adjoining to the River in which any such Weir, Dam, or Dyke shall be situate, or who is or are licensed to fish or fishing within the District or Districts whereunto such River belongs, and who shall deposit or secure, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, the Amount of the Cost of all Proceedings necessary to be taken under the Provisions herein contained (if the said Commissioners shall require such Deposit or Security), to serve a Notice on the Owner, and also the Lessee or Occupier, if any, of such Weir, or at his or their known Place of Abode, and thereby to require

767

1860. Engines far taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88 *

the Owner of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke to make, widen, or open a Free Gap or Queen's Share therein of such Construction and Dimensions as the said Commissioners shall deem fit* and shall name in such Notice, not varying from the Construction nor exceeding the Dimensions specified in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate ske Vict. the Irish Fisheries, and to furnish his Claim for Compensation, 106* or his Objections, if any, to making, widening, or opening such Free Gap or Queen's Share, within a Time to be specified in such Notice, not less than Thirty Days from the Service thereof on the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of such Weir.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Owner of any such Satu&ction Weir, Dam, or Dyke, or of any Share, Estate, or Interest therein, may accept and receive as Satisfaction and Recompence *ccept for the Value of any Injury or Damage that shall be sustained

on account of making, widening, or opening such Free Gap or Queen's Share, or in anywise relating thereto, such Sum of Money in respect thereof as shall be agreed upon between him respectively and the said Commissioners; and in case the said Commissioners and the said Party interested in such Weir,

Dam, or Dyke, or sustaining such Injury or Damage, cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, Recompence, or Compensation, the same respectively shall be ascertained and settled in manner herein-after directed.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any such Owner of such Commiswonen Weir, Dam, or Dyke as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to treat

or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Di*-of Absence or Disability cannot agree, or cannot be found or pute. known, or shall not prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners a clear Title to receive such Recompence or Compensation as aforesaid, or in case any such Owner of a Weir,

Dam, or Dyke wherein such Gap is to be made, widened, or opened as aforesaid shall not accept such Satisfaction or Recompence for the same as shall be offered by the said Commissioners, for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice in Writing given to the known Agent or Attorney of such Owner as aforesaid, or left at his Place of Abode, or at the House of the Lessee of such Weir wherein such Gap is intended to be made, widened, or opened as aforesaid, or in case the Parties interested in the Fisheries in or Lands adjoining the River in which such Weir, Dam, or Dyke shall be situate, or Fishing within the District or Districts whereunto such River belongs, shall not agree with the Owner of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, or shall not subscribe and deposit the Amount which the said Commissioners may agree upon with the said Owner of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke as the Amount of Compensation to be paid for making, widening, or opening such Free Gap or Queen's Share, or shall not agree upon the Proportions in which such Amount of Compensation is to be paid Dy the said several Parties respectively, then in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered, at a Time and Place

Any Person dis-satisfied with the Adjudi* cation of the Commissioners may appeal to a Judge at the Assises.

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

to be specified in a Notice to be served as aforesaid, and published once in the Dublin Gazette, and once in each Week for Three successive Weeks in a Newspaper circulating in the County or Counties in which such Weir, Dam, or Dyke shall be situate, and through or by which such River shall flow, to inquire and examine and assess and award the Sum of Money to be paid for such Recompence or Compensation as aforesaid, and ascertain and settle in what Proportions the Parties interested in the Fisheries in or the Lands adjoining such River, or Fishing within the District or Districts whereunto such River belongs, should contribute to pay the Sum so awarded, and the said Commissioners shall award such Recompence. so to be assessed; and the said Commissioners shall in such Award name or describe the Persons (if known to the said Commissioners) to whom respectively the Sum mentioned therein shall be paid, and in what Proportions the same shall be paid to and among such Persons where more than One, and the Weir, naming or describing the same, in respect of which such Sum has been so awarded, and the Position and Breadth of such Free Gap or Queen's Share, and the Names or other Descriptions of the Parties who are to contribute the Amount awarded for such Recompence or Compensation as aforesaid, and the Proportion to be contributed by each respectively; and the said Commissioners shall notify and appoint a Time and Plaoe for holding a Meeting for the Confirmation of their said Award, and wall attend at such Time and Place, and at such Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, proceed to consider each Case, and hear all Objections which may be made thereto by any Person whatsoever, and receive all such Evidence as they shall find pertinent and proper, and amend or confirm and settle eaoh such Award accordingly; and such Award shall be conclusive and binding upon the Queen's most Excellent Majesty and all other Persons interested, except in the Case and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained: Provided always, that the Person who shall under the Provision before mentioned contribute in respect of Lands to such Compensation shall be the Owner in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for a Lease of Lives renewable for ever, or for Life with Remainder to his Issue, or for ever, or for a Term of which not less than One hundred Years are unexpired, and from whom the Fishery or Right of fishing shall not have been reserved.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if the Owner or other Person claiming Compensation on account of such making, widening^ or opening of the Free Gap or Queen's Share in such Weiij Dam, or Dyke, or any Person liable to pay such Compensation as aforesaid, shall be dis-satisfied with the Award of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Person so dis-satisfied to appeal to the Judges of Assize, or One of them, at the Assizes which shall be held next after any such Award shall have been made and settled as aforesaid for the County wherein such Weir, Dam, or Dyke shall be wholly or in part situate, (provided the same

769

1850; Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88.

game shall not be held sooner than Thirty-one Days after the making of such Award,) the Party appealing, if there be sufficient Time after the making of such Award, having first given to the said Commissioners Twenty-one Days Notice at least of his Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and if there shall not be Thirty-one Days between the making si such Award and the Day appointed for holding such Assizes, then such Appeal may be tried at the Assizes which shall be holden for such County next after the Expiration of Thirty-one Days from the making such Award, and the like Notice thereof shall be given; and any Judge at such Assizes or any Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, is hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, in such and the same Manner as he is at present empowered to do in Cases of Appeal from Decrees on Civil Bills made by Assistant Barristers at Quarter Sessions in Ireland: Provided always, that if such Dam, Weir, or Dyke shall be situate in more than One County or between Two or more Counties, such Appeal shall be tried at the Assizes to be held in the County the Assize Town of which shall be nearest to such Weir, Dam, or Dyke; and provided also, that If no Appeal if no Notice of Appeal shall be served on the said Commissioners within Twenty-one Days next after their Award shall be made BnSL the same shiall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Persons and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all such Cases of Appeal Judgments to as aforesaid the said Judges of Assize, or One of them, shall final# give Judgment in respect to the Matter of such Appeal, and such Judgment shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties, Corporations, and Persons.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That such of the aforesaid Awards and Awards of the said Commissioners as shall not be appealed from, and the Judgments so given as aforesaid, shall be respectively recor transmitted to and be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace of the Counties in which the Land in respect of which such Awards or Judgments shall have been respectively made shall be situate, and shall be deposited with the Records, and deemed Records of such Counties respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and the same, or certified Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of Sixpence, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Three Halfpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That upon Award or Judgment How the Award being so made and transmitted as aforesaid the said Commie- °* , f1u^raent sioners shall cause a final Notice to be served on the Pro- fo^ed. prietor, Lessee, or Occupier of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, and a Copy thereof to be published once in the Dublin Gazette, and

770

If not paid it may be sued for.

Compensation to be paid over, when received, and the Alterations in the Weir, &c. to be made as directed by the 5 & 6 Vict. c. 106.

once in each Week for Three successive Weeks in some One or more Newspapers circulating in the County or Counties in which such Weir, Dam, or Dyke shall be situate, stating that all the Requisites of this Act in respect to the making such Award or Judgment had been fully complied with, and calling upon all Parties liable under such Award or Judgment to pay to the said Commissioners, within a Time to be specified in such Notice, not less than Three Months from the Date thereof, the Sums of Money which such Parties thereby became liable to pay; and the Publication of such Notice shall be deemed final apd conclusive Evidence that the several preliminary Measures herein-before required to be taken and observed in respect to such Award or Judgment had been duly taken and observed; and from and after the Publication of such Notice all the Parties liable under such Award or Judgment shall be bound to contribute the Sum awarded, assessed, or ascertained, in the Proportions fixed by such Award or Judgment, and within the Time specified in such Notice.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any Portion of the Money so to be contributed shall remain unpaid to the said Commissioners after the Expiration of the Time specified in such Notice as last aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to recover the same from the Parties liable thereto undo: the said Award or Judgment who shall make default in the Payment thereof, or the lawful Representatives of such Parties^ by Civil Bill, or by Action or Suit in any of the Superior Courts in Dublin: Provided always, that where any Party so making default, or his lawful Representatives, shall be insolvent, or absent beyond Seas, or unable to be found, the Conservators of the District or Districts through or by which such River shall flow shall, notwithstanding anything contained in this Act or the said recited Acts to the contrary, apply from Time to Time any Portion of the Funds in the Hands of the Treasurers to the Credit of such District or Districts, for the Purposes of making good any Deficiency of Money so to be contributed which shall have been occasioned by such Default, together with full Costs and Expenses, and either in One Sum or by Instalments, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That upon Receipt of the Money so agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as Satisfaction or Recompence for enlarging or opening such Free Gap or Queen's Shore in such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, the said Commissioners shall forthwith pay the same to such Persons or in such Manner as is provided and directed by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, in regard of Monies agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as Satisfaction or Recompence for enlarging or opening a Free Gap or Queen's Share under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act; and thereupon the said Commissioners shall take such Proceedings for the Purpose of causing the required Alterations in such Weir, Dam, or Dyke to be made and completed.

771

1850. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88.

pleted, and the objectionable Parts thereof to be removed, as they are by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her said Majesty empowered to take in the Cases specified in or arising under the said Act for the like Purposes.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein-before contained respecting the making or maintaining such Free Gap or Queen's Share shall be construed to extend to Weirs, Banks, or Heads used for the sustaining the Supply of Water to Mills, Factories, or Navigation, if such Weirs, Banks, or Heads shall not be made use of for the Purpose of taking Salmon or other Fish in any Manner whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the said Commissioners shall, by virtue of the Provisions in this Act contained, open or cause to be opened, in any Weir, Dam, or Dyke, a Gap of the Dimensions prescribed by this Act, or remove any Obstructions hereby declared to be illegal, it shall not be necessary for the said Commissioners, or any Person executing their Orders, to rebuild any Part of such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, or of the Works appertaining thereto, nor to fix up or erect altered or improved Boxes, Rails, or Cruives, nor shall they be answerable or accountable for any Damage or Injury arising to such Weir, Dam, or Dyke, or to such Box, Bail, or Cruive, in consequence of such Removal as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Proprietor, Lessee, or other Person who shall be engaged in fishing for Salmon by means of Nets of any Kind or Description shall remove and carry away, or cause to be removed or carried away, from any Strand, or from the Banks of any River, or from the Vicinity thereof, during the yearly Close Season, all such Nets; and in case any such Person shall omit or neglect to remove or carry away, or cause to be removed or carried away, such Nets as aforesaid, he shall forfeit all such Nets, and shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Two Pounds.

XXXV. And whereas Persons having in their Possession or exposing for Sale a Salmon or Trout in the Close Season are now by Law liable to certain Penalties and Forfeitures in certain Cases: Be it enacted, That any Person in whose Possession any Part or Portion of a Salmon or Trout shall be found or exposed for Sale during the Close Season shall be in the like Cases subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided by the said recited Acts or any of them; and all Persons empowered to enforce the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act shall be and are hereby empowered to seize all such Salmon or Trout, or any such Portion thereof as aforesaid, when so found in the Possession of any Person or exposed for Sale during the Close Season.

XXXVI. And whereas great Destruction to Fish and the Spawn and Fry thereof is in some Places occasioned by placing Matters poisonous to Fish in Rivers for the Purpose of capturing them: And whereas the Laws at present in force have proved insufficient to suppress this destructive

3 C 3 4 Practice: *

Savings for Mfll Weirs.

Commissioners not bound to do more than open the Passages required by this Act, and not liable for consequential Damages.

Removal of Nets from the Banks of Rivers during Close Seasons.

Having in possession Part of a Salmon or Trout, liable to Penalty.

Penalty for poisoning Rivers for the Purpose of taking Fish.

4

Nets snd other Engines not to be used within certain Distances of Weirs.

Boxes, Cribs, &c. in the Tideway during Weekly Close Time to be subject to Regulations of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 106., upon the Certificate of the Commissioners.

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Practice:* Be it therefore enacted, That any Person found on the Bank of or near any River with any deleterious Matter in his Possession, under such Circumstances as shall satisfy the Court before whom he may be tried that such Person had employed or was about to employ such deleterious Matter for the Capture or Destruction of Fish, the said Court is hereby empowered to inflict on such Person a Penalty not less than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds for every such Offence; and any Person found taking Fish from any River or Lake, where it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices that such Fish have been wilfully poisoned, shall be subject to a Penalty of not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And whereas in many Rivers Fish are im-

peded in their Passage up and down by means of Weirs used ' for supplying Water to Mills or Factories or for Navigation:' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful to use any Net, Instrument, or Device for taking Fish (save and except Rods and Lines only) within Two hundred Yards of any suA Weir, either above or below the same; and if any Person shall offend against this Provision he shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Two Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall also forfeit such Net, Instrument, or Device: Provided always, that where such Right has been exercised in any such Place by any Person or Persons lawfully possessed of a Several Fishery therein for Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, he shall not be subject to the Penalty herein-before provided.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to take Salmon or Trout in any Crib, Box, Cruive, Eye, Sluice, or Gap, in any Salmon, Eel, or other Weirs, whether the same be set in the Tideway or in the Fresh-water Portion of any River, between the Low Water next in point of Time before Six o'Clock on Saturday Night and the Low Water next in point of Time before Six o'Clock on Monday Morning, if the Weir be in the Tideway, nor between Six o'Clock on Saturday Evening and Six o'Clock on Monday Morning, if the Weir be in the Fresh-water Portion of any River; and in case any Question or Doubt should arise as to whether any such Weir is in the Tideway or in the Fresh-water Portion of the River, it shall be competent to the Commissioners, on Application to them, to determine, by Certificate under their Hands and Seals, whether such Weirs should be subject to the aforesaid Regulation relating to the Tideway, or to the aforesaid Regulations relating to the Fresh Water, as to the said Close Time; and a Copy of such Certificate shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Counties in which such Weirs shall be situate, and an attested Copy thereof, certified by such Clerk of the Peace, shall be received as Evidence of the Determination so made by the said Commissioners; and any Person offending against the said Regulations respectively shall be subject

1840. Engines for taking Fish [Ireland). Cap. 88. 773

subject to the Forfeitures and Penalties provided by the said recited Act or this Act for Breaches of the Law in respect to the Weekly Close Time or Close Season.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Waste Sluices, Mill Sluices to Waste Gates, or Overfalls of the Weirs of any Mill or Factory opened or deriving their Supply from Rivers frequented by Salmon shall, yt alT

at aU Seasons of the Year when and during the Time such Times when Mills or Factories shall not be used for MiUing Purposes, be MUU are out of kept open, if no Passage for Fish be provided; and when such Passage for Fish shall be provided, then the Sluices which

admit the Water to such Mills or Factories, and the Waste Sluices, Waste Grates, or Overfalls, shall be kept down or shut, to force the Water through such Passage for Fish, as provided by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Ijer present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries; and if 5 & 6 Vict. the Owners of any such Mill or Factory not used for Milling c*106-Purposes as aforesaid shall omit to keep any such Sluice or Sluices, Waste Grates, or Overfalls shut as aforesaid, or open as aforesaid, as required in the respective Cases aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Two Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds for every such Offence: Provided always, that the opening or shutting of such Sluices, Waste Gates, or Overfalls shall not in any way injuriously interfere with the Machinery or Water Power of any Mill or Factory whatsoever.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful, in any otters, Spears; Fresh-water River or Lake, at any Season of the Year, to use Gaffs, &c. pro-for the Purpose of taking Fish any Otter, Lyster, Spear, hlblted* Strokehaul, Dree Draw, or Gaff, (except when the latter Implement may be used solely as auxiliary to angling with Rod and Line, or for the Purpose of removing Fish from any legal Weir or Box \by the Owner or Occupier thereof,) and if any Person shall offend against this Provision he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Four Pounds, and shall also forfeit such Implement and the Materials thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to Eel Spears.

XLL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Poorer to make for the Owner or Occupier of any Land bordering on the Sea Oyster Bcds* or any Estuary, with the Permission in Writing of the said Commissioners, or for any Person or Persons, with the Consent of Such Owner or Occupier, and with the Permission in Writing of the said Commissioners, to form or plant any Oyster Bed or Laying on the Shore adjacent to such Lands, and either above or below the Level of the lowest Water Marks of Spring Tides, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and it shall be lawful for the several Persons forming or planting any such Oyster Bed or Laying to hold the same as private Property, and to exercise an exclusive Control over the same, and such Oyster Beds shall be entitled to the like Protection as by the taid recited Acts is provided in case of any other Oyster Beds

3 C 4 or

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

or Layings being the exclusive Property of any Person: Provided always, that the forming and planting of such Oyster Beds as aforesaid shall not give any exclusive Bight or Title to the Occupancy of the said Shore, except for the Purpose aforesaid, or to the Appropriation of any public Banks or Beds at present resorted to for Oysters, but that the Rights hereinbefore granted and conferred are to be considered as exclusively applying to Places where no such public Oyster Beds at present exist; saving to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty and all the Subjects of this Realm the free and full Exercise and Enjoyment of all other Rights of Fishing or other Bights whatsoever in or along the said Shore, subject to the Provisions herein contained.

Penalty for

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall steal *teding Oysters any Oysters or Oyster Brood from any Oyster Bed or Laying, being the exclusive Property of any other Person or Persons, and sufficiently marked out and known as such, every such Offender shall be deemed guilty of Larceny, and being convicted thereof shall be punished accordingly, unless it shall appear that the Party taking such Oysters, or accused of stealing the same, acted under a fair and reasonable Supposition that either he himself, or any other Person in whose Right or by whose Authority he acted, or the Public at large, had a Right to take the said Oysters, and to convert the same to his or their own Use.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That Stake Weirs, Stake Nets, and other fixed Nets, in the Sea or Tidalways, shall be so placed and erected, maintained and used, as that clear Openings for the free Passage of Fish as in the said recited Acts provided can be made in the Pouches and Traps thereof; and if any Person shall offend by placing, erecting, maintaining, or using any Weir, Net, Leader, Engine, or Work in any Manner hereby prohibited, or neglect to construct the same in the Mode required by the Provisions contained in the said Acts, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than One Pound.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, save and except the Owner of a Several Fishery within the Limits thereof, at any Time to shoot, draw, or use narrow Hirers, any Net for taking Salmon at the Mouth of any River, where BOr *ke Breadth of such Mouth between the Banks thereof shall

the ^Mouths* not exceed a Quarter of a Mile Statute Measure; and that it or any other shall not be lawful for any Person, save such Owner as afore-Parti of Hirers, within such Limits as aforesaid, to shoot, draw, or use any Net for taking Salmon within Half a Mile Seaward, or Half a Mile Inwards, or along the Coast from the Mouth of any River, such Mouth to be defined, ascertained, and mapped, in case of Dispute, by the said Commissioners; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person, save and except the Owner of a Several Fishery in the whole of a River and its Tributaries, within the Limits of such Several Fishery, to shoot, draw, stretch, or use Nets at the Mouth or any other Part of any River

in

vi aicr

Brood.

Further Regulations as to Stake Nets, &c.

Nets for taking Salmon not to be used at the Mouths of

185a

775

Engine$ for taking Fish (Ireland), Cap. 88.

in such wise as, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, to be injurious or detrimental to the free Passage of Fish, and which they shall have prohibited by some Bye Law duly published as the Law directs; and if any Person shall offena by shooting, drawing, stretching, or using any Net in any Place or Manner hereby prohibited, he shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than One Pound, and also the further Penalty of Five Shillings for every Fish taken by means of such Net in such Place and Manner so prohibited as aforesaid; and such Net shall also be forfeited.

XLV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall kill, take, close Season for or destroy, in any Lakes or Rivers, any Trout, between the Trout Fishing. Twenty-ninth Day of September in any i ear and the last Day of February in the Year following, nor shall any fixed Crib,

Cruive, Box, or other Device, nor any Haul, Draw, or other Net of any Description, for the catching of such Trout, be used in any Lake or River frequented by Salmon, between the First and Twenty-ninth Day of September in any Year, or at such Periods as may be or may have been fixed for certain Lakes and Rivers by the said Commissioners in respect of Salmon Fishing, under the Powers in the said recited Acts contained.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That any Person occupying or Penalties for using any Crib, Box, Cruive, Stake, Flood, Ebb, or Head Weir, not opening or Stake, Bag, or other fixed Net, Basket, or other Engines for catching Fish, and failing to remove or open the same as close Time. 7 required by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty, and any Person using any Means, Device, or Contrivance to prevent the free Passage through such Box, Cruive, or Engine, or in any way or by any Means wilfully frightening or scaring, or attempting to frighten or scare, any Salmon or other Fish from passing through such Box, Crib, Cruive, Pouch, Trap, Eye,

Sluice, Gap, or other Engine, or taking therein any Salmon between Six of the Clock on Saturday Evening and Six of the Clock on Monday Morning, or between the Low Waters next in point of Time to those Periods respectively, as the Case may be, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to render liable to any Penalty any Person who shall be able satisfactorily to prove that he was prevented by Floods, Storm, or Stress of Weather from removing such Leaders or making such Openings as aforesaid, during the Continuance of such Prevention, but no longer.

XLVII. And whereas it is enacted in the before-recited Offence *

Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, that where in

any of the Offences mentioned in that Act shall be committed fuming Boun in or upon any Lakes, Rivers, or Streams forming the Boun- dariesof Two daries or Mearing Lines between any Two Counties, Districts Districts of of Quarter Sessions, or Districts of Petty Sessions, such may'L tried *

Offence shall and may be prosecuted before any Justice or before Justice of

Justices <Uher District-

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (13 & 14 VICT,

Recovery of Expenses.

The Mode in which Penalties are to be levied.

Form of Conviction.

Justices of the Peace in either of such Counties or Districts,

and may be alleged and stated to have been committed therein;

and Doubts have arisen as to the Meaning of the said Clause:' Be it enacted, That where any of the Offences mentioned in this or any of the said recited Acts shall be committed in or upon any Lakes, Rivers, or Streams forming the Boundaries or Mearing Lines between any Two Districts of Petty Sessions, such Offence shall be prosecuted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in either of such Districts, and in no other, and may be alleged and stated to have been committed therein, anything in the stud Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That wheresoever, under the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Acts, any Justice or Justices of the Peace or the said Commissioners or Conservators are authorized or empowered or required to execute any Work, or remove or alter any We}r or other Erection, or to do any Matter or Thing, at the Expense of any Offender, such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners or Conservators, as the Case may be, shall ascertain the Amount of such Expenses, and direct Payment thereof to be made by such Offender to such Person as he or they may think fit, and it shall be lawful for such Person to sue fou and recover the same by Civil Bill or by Action or Suit in any of the Superior Courts in Dublin; and a Certificate in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners or Conservators, as the Case may be, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Amount of such Expenses, and of the Liability of the Party therein named to pay the same, and of the Right of the Person thereby authorized to sue for and recover the same.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Penalties directed to be enforced against any Person or Persons offending contrary to the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Acts shall be levied by the same Persons and in the same Manner as all Fines and Penalties may by Law be levied, or by the Officers and Men of the Coast Guard Service or of the Constabulary Force.

L. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act or of any of the said recited Acts shall cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,) f JJE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord at in the County of [or City, Town, or Place, as the Case

may be,] A.O. is, upon the Complaint of G.H., convicted ' before me J.P., One of Her Majesty's Justices [or before us c C.D. and E.F., Justices] of the Peace for the said County of in pursuance of an Act made in the

Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled

[here insert the Title of the Act], for that the said A. O. [here state the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed]; and I [or we] do hereby adjudge him to pay

Cap. 88 *

777

Engine* for taking fish (Ireland).

1 pay and forfeit for the said Offence the Sam of ' of lawful Money of Great Britain, together with the further Sum of for Costa of Suit and Prosecution of the said G.S .; [and in case any Net* or other Engines are to ' be forfeited] I [or we] do hereby further adjudge that the 1 Nets or other Engines, et cetera [describing the same], be and ' the same are hereby forfeited. Given under my Hand and Seal,

[or our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be,] at ' in the County of the Day and Year above

written. '

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for Want of Form onty, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench or any other of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, unless the same shall be reversed on Appeal as herein-after provided: Provided always, that no Person shall be convicted of any Offence committed against the Provisions of this Act unless the Prosecution for the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Commission of such Offence.

LL. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person Appeal from has any Right of Appeal against any Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction for placing, erecting, maintaining, or using tj£ajvegCS any fixed Net, Weir, or Engine, or any Part thereof, whereby such Person is aggrieved, such Appeal shall (subject to the specific Provisions herein-before contained) be to the next going Judges of Assize at the Assizes to be held for the County or for the City or Place where such Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction shall have been given, had, or made, or such alleged Offence shall have been committed, provided that such Assizes shall be held at any Time not less than Twenty-one Days after the Time such Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction shall have been given, had, or made; and in case such Assizes shall be held within Twenty-one Days from the Time of such Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction, such Appeal shall be to the going Judges of Assize for the Assizes to be holden next but One after such Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction in such Division of the County, City, or Place as aforesaid, and that no such Appeal shall be allowed, received, heard, or determined unless the Party appealing shall within Ten Days next after, or, if the Court appealed from shall think right so to require it, immediately on the pronouncing, having, or making of such Judgment, Order, Proceeding, or Conviction, enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before such Court, or before any Magistrate of such County, City, or Place, in a Sum not less than Fifty Pounds, conditioned personally to appear at the said Assizes to try such Appeal, and abide the Judgment of the said Judges there, and

to

Form of Dismissal.

Appeal against Dismissal.

Proceedings on Appeal.

Cap. 88. Engines for taking Fish (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

to pay such Costs and Expenses as the said Judges at the said Assizes may award against him.

LII. And be it enacted, That in case any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall dismiss any Complaint made under the Authority of this Act or of the said recited Acts, or any of them, such Dismissal shall be drawn up and signed by such Justice or Justices in the Form following; (that is to say,)

JJE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord C.D. of was

charged before me [or us] on the Complaint of A.B.

of for that the said C.D. did [here state the

Offence charged, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed], contrary to the Provisions of an Act,

intituled [here insert the Title of the Act]; and it appearing to me [or us] that the said C.D. is not guilty of such Offence so charged against him as aforesaid by the said A.B., we therefore do adjudge that the said Complaint be and the same is hereby dismissed. Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be1, at in the County of the Day and Year first above written.1

And if any Person prosecuting shall feel aggrieved by such Order of Dismissal it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to such Judges of Assize as herein-before directed with regard to Appeals from any Conviction, upon giving the like Notice as herein-before prescribed, and entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before any Magistrate, in any Sum not less than Ten Pounds, conditioned for the Payment of all such Costs and Expenses as shall be adjudged against him on the Hearing of such Appeal.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges of Assize assembled at any such Assizes as aforesaid to rehear the Subject Matter of such Conviction or Order of Dismissal as last aforesaid, and either affirm or reverse the same, or impose or increase or reduce any Penalty which may have been adjudged, such Imposition or Increase nevertheless not to amount to a greater Sum nor such Reduction to be to a smaller Sum than by this Act or the said recited Acts is directed; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for such Judges to award such Costs and Expenses to the Prosecutor, and any Witnesses who may be examined in support of such Prosecution, as they may think reasonable; and in case the Party appealing from any such Order of Dismissal as aforesaid shall not appear at such Assizes as aforesaid to prosecute the same, such Order of Dismissal shall be affirmed; and it shall be lawful for the said Judges to award to the Person accused such Costs and Expenses of Witnesses as they may think reasonable; and in case any Appellant or Respondent on any such Appeal shall not pay any Costs or Expenses which may be so awarded against him his Recognizances shall be estreated.

LIY. And

i85a

779

Engines far taking Fish (Ireland). Cap. 88, 89.

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Courts may missioners, Judges of Assize, Justices of the Peace, or any of award Coit* the Courts in this Act or in the said recited Acts mentioned, where any Complaint, Suit, Action, or Indictment shall have been heard or tried and determined before them respectively under this Act or the said recited Acts, to order that the Costs,

Charges, and Expenses of and incident to such Complaint, Suit,

Action, or Indictment, and the Proceedings therein, and the Hearing or Trial and Determination thereof, shall follow the Event of the same respectively, and be borne and paid, by the Party against whom the same shall have been determined, and that such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall be estimated, either as between Party and Party or as between Attorney and Client, at the Discretion of such Commissioners, Judges, Justices, or Courts respectively; which Costs, Charges, and Expenses, being so ordered as aforesaid, shall be recovered against the Party therewith charged in the same Manner as is hereinbefore specifically provided with respect to Costs in certain Cases.

LV. And be it enacted, That this Act and the said recited Recited Acts to Acts shall for the Purposes thereof respectively be read and construed together as One Act, and the said recited Acts shall remain in full Force and Effect, except where the Provisions thereof are repealed or altered by this Act or are repugnant thereto.

LVL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Saring Rights contained in this Act or in any of the Acts recited or referred the Crown-to shall extend or be construed to extend to alienate, defeat, lessen, abridge, or derogate from, or in any Manner affect, any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Franchise, Royalty, Prerogative, or Jurisdiction vested in or appertaining to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in Right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever.

LVLL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act be or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of amended»&c* Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and otherwise c to improve the Procedure of the said Court Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- Suits may be rity of the same. That in any Case in which a Suit might be instituted in instituted in Her Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland ciLnce^hf by way of Bill or Information, it shall be lawful for any Ireland by" Person who would have been entitled to file such Bill or In- Petition in all

formation Cu*es *

Cap. 89.

Court of Chancery {Irektrufy. 18 & 14 Vice

Court to hate same Jurisdiction on Petition, and Order to have

formation to apply to the said Court by Petition for the Belief which might have been prayed for by any such Bill or Inform* ation; and Service of Notice of such Petition shall be made) as herein-after provided, upon such Persons as the Petitioner thinks fit, but with Power to the Court from Time to Time te direct any further Service of the same; and Service of such Notice being made, the Person so served shall from the Time of such Service become a Party to such Proceeding, and be bound thereby in all respects, in the same Manner -as if a Bill or Information had been filed and such Person had appeared to a Subpoena to appear and answer.

II. And be it enacted, That the Court shall have and exercise, in and about any Matter so brought before it upon Petition, the same Jurisdiction, Powers, Authorities, and Discretion, to all Intents and Purposes, as it could have exercised in a Suit

Sa^e» sSt"47* ^or 8ame ^>urP08e instituted by way of Bill or Information; as m a uit. an(j Orders of the Court to be made in any such Matter may be made in the same Manner, whether upon Motion or otherwise, and shall have the same Authority and Effect, and may be enrolled in the same Manner, and shall be binding upon the same Persons, under whatsoever Disability they may be, and may be enforced by the same or any such Process, and shall be subject to Rehearing and Appeal, in the same Manner in all respects, except as herein provided, as if the same bad been made in a Suit so instituted as aforesaid; and every Order which shall be in the Nature of a Decree shall have the same Effect as a Decree; and every Petition presented under this Act shall have the same Effect in making any Infant a Ward of Court as a Bill filed in the Matter would have had0; and every such Petition shall have the same Effect as a BUI in Equity with respect to Proceedings for Redemption under the Acts relating to Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, and also in Suits to foreclose Mortgages, and to perpetuate the Testimony of Witnesses under the Acts relating thereto.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it appear to the Court that the Relief prayed for by any such Petition as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, cannot be safely or conveniently granted, or that the Object or any of the Objects of such Petition, or any Part thereof respectively* cannot be safely or conveniently attained under the Procedure of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court to direct a Suit to be instituted by way of BUI or Information, and by such Persons as the Court thinks fit, and either to retain or dismiss the Petition accord* ingly.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person interested or claiming to be interested in the Matter of any Petition presented under this Act, or whose Rights may be injuriously affected by the Order to be made on such Petition, desire that the Relief sought thereby may be sought in a Suit to be prosecuted in the ordinary Way, it shall be lawful for such

Person

[Proviso.]

Court may direct a Suit to be instituted.

Persons objecting to Proceedings under the Act may apply for Order that a Suit be prosecuted in the

1850* Court of Chancery (Ireland)* Cap. 89. 781

Person at any Time, whether such Petition have been referred ordinary Way to the Master, as herein-after provided, or not, to apply to the Peril of Court, upon Motion in a summary Way, for an Order directing that the Matter of such Petition or any Part thereof be not further proceeded with under this Act, or that a Suit with respect thereto may be instituted or proceeded with in the ordinary Way, and thereupon the Court shall make such Order as shall be just; but the Costs of all Parties to be occasioned by any such Application shall (except so far as the Court otherwise specially directs) be paid and borne by the Person by whom such Application is made; and it shall be lawful for the Court, if it think fit, by any such Order to require that such Security as it thinks fit be given by the Party making such Application, for answering the additional Costs, if any, to be occasioned by reason of such Suit or other Proceeding being instituted.

V. And be it enacted, That every Petition to be presented Verification of under this Act may be verified by Affidavit annexed thereto or p«titioiL subscribed at the Foot thereof in the Form or to the Effect set out in the Schedule annexed to this Act; and that with respect to Petitions authorized to be referred to the Master in a summary Way, as herein-after provided, no Costs of any further or additional Affidavit in verification shall be allowed, unless specially allowed by the Court.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon presenting any such Peti- Petitioner* may tion as aforesaid the Petitioner may, if he think fit, annex to his Petition Interrogatories, to be answered by the Respondents to Petition, such Petition, or such of them as he requires to answer the same, or he may file such Interrogatories at any later Stage of the Proceedings on such Petition.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Respondents to any such Respondents Petition, or any of them, may, if they think fit, annex to ^toriwTtobe their Affidavits filed in answer to such Petition, or may other- answered by wise file, Interrogatories, to be answered by the Petitioners Petitioner*.

or atiy of them, touching the Matters alleged in such Affidavit or Petition, and that whether such Respondents file a cross Petition or not, or they may file such Interrogatories at any later Stage of the Proceedings on such Petition.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, except so Interrogator!* far as may be otherwise provided by any General Orders to "^to

be made as hereinafter mentioned, no such Interrogatories of the Court. shall in either of the Cases aforesaid be filed without Leave of the Court first obtained upon Motion supported by Affidavit, and which may be made ex parte or otherwise as the Court shall direct

IX. And be it enacted, That, until and except so far as it

shall be otherwise provided by any Rule or Order to be made intarogatorie* as herein-after mentioned, the Practice as to answering and iobe *me enforcing an Answer to such Interrogatories shall be the same as upon a Bill or cross Bill filed/ except that such Answer

shall

445W. 4. C. 78.

Petitions to be heard before the Lord Chancellor as Causes are now heard, and Petitions and Affidavits to be filed in Rolls Office and entered in a Book.

Table of Fees to be settled, and Fees to be paid over to the Suitors Fee Fund.

Power to petition for Opinion of

Cap. 89. Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vior.

shall be taken in the same Way that an Affidavit is taken, and the Person required to answer any such Interrogatories shall, on being served with a Copy thereof, be subject to the same Obligation as to answering the same, and the Court may exercise the same Powers for enforcing such Answer, and the Production of Documents therein referred to, as if a Bill or cross Bill had been filed against such Person, and he had been served with Subpoena to answer the same, and had appeared thereto, or an Appearance had been entered for him on the Part of the Plaintiff, pursuant to an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland: Provided always, that every such Person shall be entitled to the Benefit of the same or the like Objection to answering any such Interrogatories as he might have insisted on by way of Plea or Demurrer in a Suit instituted in the ordinary Way.

X. And be it enacted, That every Petition to be presented under the Authority of this Act shall be entitled " Cause Petition under The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850, '" and shall be heard as Causes are now heard before the Lord Chancellor, unless in Cases where the Lord Chancellor specially directs the same to be heard before the Master of the Rolls, but no Subpoena to hear Judgment shall be required; and every such Petition, and all Affidavits and Interrogatories, and Answers to Interrogatories, in the Matter of any such Petition shall be filed in the Office of the Deputy Keeper of the Rolls in Ireland in like Manner as Bills and Answers are now filed there, and an Entry of such Petitions and Affidavits shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, in like Manner as Bills and other Pleadings are now entered in the said Office, subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Orders as the Lord Chancellor, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, shall make in that Behalf; and the said Deputy Keeper of the Rolls and the Clerk of the Inrolments in the said Office respectively shall have Power to take Affidavits in the Matter of any such Petition; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with such Assistance as aforesaid, to settle a Table of Fees to be taken in the Office of the said Deputy Keeper of the Rolls in respect of such Petitions and Affidavits, and Answers, and to make all such Regulations as shall be necessary and proper for providing that the Balance of such Fees, after deducting such Payments as may lawfully be payable thereout, shall be from Time to Time duly accounted for and paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name of the Accountant General, to be placed to the Credit of the Account there called "The Suitors Fee Fund Account."

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person (the Direction of the Master in the Case of Persons under Disability as herein-after mentioned being first obtained) to present

1850» Court of Chancery (Ireland). Cap. 89.

present a Petition to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, stating any Document, Facts, or Circumstances relating to any Matter falling within the Jurisdiction of the Court by way of Special Case, and praying for the Opinion of the Court upon such Special Case; and it shall be lawful for the Court to give Judgment upon such Petition accordingly, and such Judgment shall bind all such Persons as the Court shall direct, and in default of such Direction then shall bind all such Persons as presented the same, and shall have the same Effect as a Declaration made by Decree in a Suit to which such Persons were Parties would have had, and shall be subject to. Rehearing and Appeal in the same Manner as herein provided in case of other Petitions under this Act; and where the Opinion of the Court is desired in any Matter in which any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or married Woman is interested, it shall be lawful for the Master of the Court in rotation to direct the presenting of such Petition by way of Special Case on behalf of the Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or married Woman, and such Direction of the Master shall be conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or for any of the 'Masters in Ordinary of the said Court, in any Suit or in any Matter pending or being heard before them respectively, and within their respective Jurisdictions, to direct the whole or any Part of the Evidence relating to such Matter to be taken either vied voce on Oath before the Court or Master, or upon Affidavit, instead of upon Interrogatories or in addition to an Examination upon Interrogatories, and it shall be lawful for the said Court to exercise all the same Powers for enforcing the Attendance of any Witness in whatever Part of Ireland such Witness may reside, to be examined before the said Court or Masters respectively in any such Matter as it might exercise for enforcing the Attendance of a Witness residing within Twenty Miles of Dublin to be examined on Interrogatories according to the ordinary Practice of the said Court.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which any Partnership Account is required to be taken before One of the Masters of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland it shall be lawful for such Master, if he think fit, to direct that in taking such Account the Books of Account in which the Accounts so required to be taken have been kept, or such of them as he thinks fit, shall be taken as primd facie Evidence of the Truth of the Matters therein contained, with Liberty to the Parties interested to take such Objections thereto as they may be advised; and also in taking any Account other than any Partnership Accounts, where it appears to him that the Books of Account have been bona fide kept, and the Entries duly made therein from Time to Time as the Occasion for such Entries arose, or when from any Circumstances the Account cannot otherwise be taken, it shall be lawful for the Master,

783

Court upon Special Case.

The Court or Master may in all Suits direct Evidence to be taken viv& voce or by Affidavit, as well as on Interrogatories.

In taking Accounts the Master may direct Books of Account that have been kept to be primA facie Evidence.

Cap. 89.

Court of Chancery (Irela 13 & 14 VICT

In taking Accounts for Administration of Estate, Executors, &c. may prove Debts.

Certain Classes of Petitions may be referred summarily to Master.

Master to proceed on the Petition referred to him,

if he think fit, to direct that the Books of Account in which the Accounts so required to be taken have been kept, or such of them as he thinks fit, shall be taken as primd facie Evidence of the Truth of the Matters therein contained, with liberty to the Parties interested to take such Objections thereto as they may be advised; and in any of the Cases aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Master to employ an Accountant to make out the Accounts in such Mode as the Master shall require, and the Master shall be at liberty to adopt such Accounts, subject to any Objections to be made by any of the Parties, and such Accountant shall be paid such Sum, as the Master shall consider reasonable and proper, by the Party having the Carriage of the Proceedings, who shall be entitled to charge the Sum so paid by him as Part of his Costs in the Cause or Matter.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in taking the Accounts necessary for the Administration of the Estate of any deceased Person by the High Court of Chancery in Ireland^ Debts may be proved before the Master by the Executor or Administrator of the Testator's Estate, and in case any Creditor, after Notice shall have been given to him of such Proof having been made, shall attempt to establish any larger Amount, the same shall be at Peril of any Costs which may be awarded against him by the Master.

XV. And be it enacted, That when any such Petition as herein-before mentioned is presented to the Court with respect to any of the following Branches of the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, that is to say,

With respect to the Administration of the Real and Personal Estate or the Personal Estate of a deceased Person,

With respect to the Foreclosure and Redemption of Mortgages,

With respect to the Appointment of new Trustees under any Deed, Will, or other Instrument,

With respect to the Appointment of Guardians and the Allowance of Maintenance to Infants,

With respect to the taking of Partnership Accounts, and

With respect to such other Branches of the said Jurisdiction as the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, by any General Order to be made as herein-after provided, shall from Time to Time direct,

the Court may, on the Application of the Petitioners, and on the Production of such Affidavit of Verification as aforesaid, by Order made in a Summary Way, and without Notice to any other Parties, unless the Court see fit to direct any such Notice to be given, refer the said Petition to the Master in Ordinary of the said Court in rotation, either with or without any special Directions with reference thereto as to the Court may seem fit.

XVI. And be it enacted, That upon any such Petition being so referred it shall be lawful for the Master to whom the same is referred to consider the Matter thereof, and to direct Service

of

785

1850. Court of Chancery (Ireland). Cap. 89.

of Notice thereof as herein-after directed, and thereupon to and to have make all such Inquiries and such Orders for Payment of Money "lth into Court or for the Sale of Real or Personal Estates, or Jurfsdic-otherwise, not being Orders for the Distribution or Payment tion as might of any Share of Money, and generally to make such Orders £^e"h*xer' and give such Directions in relation to the Relief sought by such Petition as the Case may require; and for the Purpose aforesaid the Master shall have, within the Limits and subject to the Restrictions and Regulations herein provided, the same Jurisdiction, Authority, and Discretion, and the same Power to make Orders, and otherwise to act in and about the Matter, as the Court, or any Master of the Court, could have exercised or done in or as incidental to a Suit duly instituted and conducted according to the ordinary Practice of the Court, and it shall also be lawful for the Master to examine all or any of the Parties to the Suit vivd voce, if he think fit.

XVII. And be it enacted, That, subject to any Rule or State of Facts Order to be made as herein-after mentioned, the Master may, with in proceeding under this Act, proceed on a Copy of the Petition, Master to without any State of Facts, Charge, or Proposal in Writing, regulate Pro-unless, for supplying any Deficiency in the Statement or Prayer ceed, nS8* of the Petition, the Master direct that any such Charge,

Statement, or Proposal be made by any Party; and any Person interested in the Matter may' apply to the Master for Leave to attend him on any Proceedings under the same, and the Master may give such Directions with respect thereto as he thinks fit, and the Master may, if he sees fit, dispense with any Summons in the course of the Proceedings, and also from Time to Time direct any Summons to be taken out by any Parties attending the Proceedings, and fix the Times at which any Summons shall be returnable before him, or at which any Proceedings necessary to be taken shall be taken, and may

5roceed de die in diem, or may adjourn the Proceedings from 'ime to Time, as he sees fit, and generally may, without Reference to any Rule or Course of Practice of the Court, save as herein provided, regulate the Course of such Proceedings in such Manner as appears to him expedient for rendering the same inexpensive and speedy, so far as Justice will admit.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That ho Order of the Master Master's Orders Under this Act shall require Confirmation by the Court, except Orderfo? Where an Order, subject to the Opinion of the Court or a special court.*" ° Report, is made by him, as herein provided, except where the Court has in the Order referring the Petition to the Master given any special Directions in that Behalf, but every such Order shall have the same Authority and Effect, and may be enrolled in the same Manner, and shall be binding upon the same Persons, and may be enforced by the same or any such Process, and shall be subject to Rehearing and Appeal, in the «ame Manner in all respects, except as herein provided, as if the same had been made by the Court in a Suit duly instituted, or otherwise as may be directed by any General Order to be made in that Behalf, as herein-after mentioned.

Master may make special Reports or Orders, subject to Confirmation.

Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

Service to be made a& the Court or Master shall direct.

Power to Master to appoint Guardians to Infants for the Purpose of Proceedings under the Act.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Master shall have Power, if he think fit, to make a special Report concerning the Matter of any Petition referred to him as aforesaid, or upon any Question or Matter arising in the Proceedings thereupon, or to make any Order, subject to the Opinion of the Court, to the Intent that the Opinion of the Court may be taken on the Matter of such Petition, or on such Question, Matter, or Order, as the Case may be; and such special Report or Order shall be brought before the Court, by Motion praying that such special Report or Order may be confirmed, discharged, or varied by Order of the Court, or that any Directions may be given thereupon; and on the Hearing of such Motion such Report or Order respectively of the Master shall be confirmed, discharged, or varied, or such Directions shall be given, as to the Court seems just.

XX. And be it enacted, That Service of Notice of any Petition under this Act, whether before the Court or the Master, shall, until and except so far as it shall be otherwise provided by any General Order to be made as herein-after provided, be subject to the same Regulations as apply to the Service of a Subpoena or Letter Missive in any Suit, and the Court shall have all the same Powers with respect to ordering the Service of Notice of any such Petition out of the Jurisdiction of the Court, or otherwise, as under any Act of Parliament or by the Constitution of the Court it has or may lawfully exercise with respect to the Service of any Subpoena or Letter Missive in a Suit instituted by way of Bill or Information, but after such Service shall have been made all other Services with respect to any Matter for the Time being pending before the Court or Master under such Petition, or consequent thereon, shall be made upon such Persons and in such Manner, whether by Post or otherwise, as the Court or Master respectively shall direct, and with respect to Persons who have absconded or cannot be found, shall be sufficiently made by such Advertisements or Publications as the Court or Master shall direct; and every such Service, Advertisement, or Publication so directed by the Master shall be valid and conclusive, to the same Extent and in the same Manner, and upon and against the same Parties or Persons, as the Service according to the Practice of the Court of any Subpoena, Letter Missive, or Petition in Equity would have been.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when any Person interested in any Matter for the Time being pending under this Act is an Infant, it shall be lawful for the Master, by any Order under his Hand, to appoint such Person as he thinks proper to be the Guardian of such Infant for the Purposes of all or any Proceedings under this Act; and every Guardian so to be appointed shall have Power to institute, prosecute, defend, or consent to any Proceeding under this Act on behalf of his Ward, and shall represent his Ward in or about every such Proceeding, in the same Manner and with the same Effect, to

aU

1850. Court of Chancery (Ireland). Cap. 89. 787

all Intents and Purposes, as any Guardian appointed by the Court might have done with respect to any Suit or other Proceeding on behalf of his Ward, instituted according to the Practice of the Court: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there is any Father or testamentary Guardian of such Infant, Notice of the intended Application to the Master to appoint a Guardian as aforesaid shall be served on such Father or testamentary Guardian.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That after the Court has made After Reference any Order under this Act referring to the Master any Petition with respect to the Administration of the Real and Personal r^pectto^Ad-Estate or of the Personal Estate of any deceased Person, or miniwration, after a Decree or Order has been made by the Court in any ^"crcdftor t^' Suit referring to the Master the Matter of any such Adminis- without ° tration, it shall not be lawful for any Creditor or other Person, Master* Leave, so long as any such Order as aforesaid remains in force, to commence or proceed with any Action against the Executor or Administrator of such deceased Person, or against his Heir or Devisee in the Case of Real Estate so to be administered, for any Debt or Demand claimed against the Estate of such deceased Person, without the Leave of the Master in Writing first obtained in that Behalf; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court in which any such Action is pending to order that all further Proceedings in such Action be stayed until after such Leave as aforesaid of the Master has been obtained, and to make such Order as to the Costs of any such Action as to such Judge appears just.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That when any Proceedings Where Suit upon Petition under this Act shall be stayed, and a Suit

ordered to be instituted in lieu thereof, under the Provisions before* " herein-before contained for that Purpose, all Proceedings, Master to be Accounts, and other Things taken and done in the Prosecution Vttlid* of the Matter of such Petition before the Master, prior to the Order of the Court for the Institution of a Suit or tfther Proceedings before the Court as aforesaid, shall (except so far as the Court otherwise directs in any Case) be as valid and conclusive, for the Purposes of any such Suit or other Proceedings, as if the same had been taken or done in such Suit or other Proceedings before the Court.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in case of the Illness or in case of Absence of the Master before whom any Matter is pending Illness, &c. of a under this Act, or of any Vacancy occurring by the Death or ma°y act Resignation of such Master, it shall be lawful for any other

Master, without any special Direction or Appointment of the Court, to act for the Time being in such Matter in the Place of the Master so being ill or absent, or having vacated, and to exercise all the Powers and Authorities which such last-mentioned Master might have exercised in the Matter.

XXV. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Right of £*"*' alld Appeal herein-after provided, the Costs of all Proceedings under Recover/of this Act which take place before the Master shall be in the Costs in Pro-

788

Masters within Six Months to make Rules for Procedure under the Act.

Petition may be presented to the Court for partial Relief, &c.

Cap. 89. Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Discretion of the Master, and the Costs of all Proceedings before the Court shall be in the Discretion of the Court; and all Costs ordered by the Master shall be ascertained by the Master, or shall be taxed by One of the Taxing Masters of the Court, and shall be recovered in the same Manner, and by the same or any such Process, as Costs ordered to be paid by any Party under any Order or Decree made in a Suit.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Masters shall as nearly as possible observe a uniform Course of Practice in their respective Offices in all Proceedings under this Act; and the said Masters shall, within Six Months from the passing of this Act, make such Rules under their Hands as seem to them necessary and expedient concerning the Form and Mode of Proceeding to be had before the Masters under this Act, and for providing that a proper Record be kept of the Proceedings of the Masters, and the Orders made by them with respect to Petitions referred to them under this Act, and concerning the collecting of the Debts due to and the realizing of all or any Part of any Estate for the Time being in course of Administration before the Master, and concerning the Costs and Fees or other Remuneration to be paid in respect of any Proceedings before the Master, and the Service of any such Proceedings by Post, Advertisement, or otherwise; and the said Masters shall have Power from Time to Time to vary or annul such Rules, and to make others in lieu thereof or in addition thereto; and all such Rules shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Senior Master for the Time being, and shall be transmitted to the Lord Chancellor, for his Inspection, within One Week from the making thereof, and, unless disallowed by the Lord Chancellor within One Month from the Time of the same having been so laid before him, shall be of the same Effect and Validity as any General Rules or Orders of the Court.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That where any Person who would have been entitled to present any Petition under this Act is desirous of obtaining a partial Administration of any Estate or Trust (whether by way of Inquiries for Creditors or next of Kin, or Persons beneficially interested in or under the same, or otherwise howsoever), or is desirous of obtaining any Portion of the Relief usually granted or which might be afforded, or the Exercise of any One or more of the Powers or of any Part of the Jurisdiction usually exercised by the Court in a Suit, or which might be exercised by the Master under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person to present a Petition to the Court for such partial Administration or partial Relief, or partial Exercise of the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Court or Master, accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the Court, if it so think fit, to grant the limited Relief sought by such Petition, and to give all proper Directions accordingly, or to make such other Order with respect thereto as shall be just; and all the Provisions herein contained with respect to any Petition presented under this Act, and to the

Proceedings

1850.

Court of Chancery (Ireland).

Cap. 89.

789

Proceedings under the same or consequent thereon, and to the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Court and of the Master in or about the same, and to the making of Rules and Orders concerning the same, shall apply in all respects to any such Petition as last aforesaid, and to the Proceedings under the same or consequent thereon, mid to the Powers and Jurisdiction of the Court or of the Master in or about the same, and to the making of Rules and Orders concerning the same.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court to direct the Consolidation or to make any other Order for the carrying on together of any Two or more Proceedings relating to or connected with the same Trust or Estate, whenever such Order appears expedient.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Transmission take

?Iaoe, by Death, Marriage, or otherwise, of the Interest of any >arty to any Proceeding, whether by Bill or Information in the ordinary Course or under this Act, it shall be lawful for any Party interested to bring before the Court the Person to whom such Interest has been so transmitted, either by a supplemental Bill, Information, or Petition, or by a Suggestion at the Foot of the original Bill, Information, or Petition, and Notice to such Person; and Service of such Notice being made, the Person so served shall, from the Time of such Service, become a Party to such Proceeding, and be bound in all respects in the same Manner as if an Order for Revivor or a supplemental Decree had been made, as the Case may require, without the Necessity for any Order of Revivor or supplemental Decree being made by the Court: Provided always, that if the Person served be under Disability the Matter shall be specially brought before the Court by Affidavit, and the Court shall thereupon make such Order as may be just.

XXX. And be it enacted, That an Appeal shall lie to the Court upon Motion, from or against all Orders, Directions, and other Proceedings of or before the Master under this Act; and any Order to be made by the Master of the Rolls under this Act may be reheard on Motion before the Lord Chancellor, and any Order which, according to the Practice of the Court, might be reheard upon Petition by the Judge who made such Order, may be so reheard upon Motion; and an Appeal shall also lie to the House of Lords from all Orders to be made by the Court under this Act, yet so that no such Appeal shall be brought or Rehearing moved unless with the special Leave of the Court (which Leave the Court shall only grant upon being satisfied that substantial Grounds probably exist for such Appeal or Rehearing, and for the Delay in bringing or moving the same), after the Expiration of the following Periods from the Time when the Order, Direction, or other Proceeding complained of was made or took place, or from the Service of Notice of the* same, if the Party complaining was not present; that is to say, for an Appeal from the Orders or Directions of the Master or Proceedings before him, not being such Reports as hereafter provided for, the Period of Fourteen Days, or such ' - 3 D 4 further

Two or more Proceedings may be consolidated.

Mode of continuing Proceedings on Transmission of Interest of Parties.

Appeal from the Master's Orders and Orders on Petition to be upon Motion; liehearings and Appeals to the House of Lords, to be within a limited Time.

790

Lord Chancellor to make Orders for carrying the Act into effect, and extending its Scope.

Rules and Orders to be laid before the Houses of Parliament, and to be binding, unless objected to by Vote of either House.

The Master of the Rolls empowered to appoint a Secretary with a Salary.

Cap. 89. Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

further Time as the Master shall by Order made in the Matter allow; for a Rehearing before the Lord Chancellor or Master of the Rolls, the Period of One Month (both such Periods to be exclusive of any Vacations of the Court); and for an Appeal to the House of Lords, the Period of One Year, but no Order shall be enrolled pending the Time hereby limited for appealing therefrom without the special Leave of the Court: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not be taken to extend the Time within which Reports of the Masters of the Court are by any General Order of the Court directed to stand confirmed.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls, in Ireland, may and they are hereby required from Time to Time to make such General Orders as shall seem necessary or expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act into effect, and for regulating the Practice under the same, and for extending the same, if need be, to other Matters than those to which it is herein made specially applicable, and particularly for regulating the Appointment of Receivers, and the Powers and Duties of such Receivers, and the Allowances to be made to them, for the Purpose of insuring the better and more efficient Management of the Estates under the Control of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for determining, if need be, the Matters to which the Provisions of this Act shall not apply, and may alter or annul such Orders from Time to Time, and make others in lieu thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all General Rules to be made by the Masters, and not disallowed by the Lord Chancellor, as herein-before provided, shall, immediately after the same, take effect as aforesaid; and all General Orders made by the Lord Chancellor, with such Assistance as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making and issuing thereof, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, then within Five Days after the next Meeting thereof: Provided always, that if either of the Houses of Parliament, by any Resolution passed at any Time before such House of Parliament have actually sat Thirty-six Days after such Rules or Orders have been laid before such Houses of Parliament, resolve that the whole or any Part of such Rules or Orders ought not to continue in force, in such Case the whole or such Part thereof as shall be so included in such Resolution shall, from and after such Resolution, cease to be binding.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Master of the Rolls in Ireland from Time to Time to appoint a fit Person to act as Secretary to the Master of the Rolls in Ireland; and the Person so appointed shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the said Master of the Rolls, and shall be entitled to receive by way of Salary the clear annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds, payable in manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXIV. ' And

1850. Court of Chancery (Ireland). Cap. 89.

XXXIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor, and the Person for the Time being filling the Office of the Clerk and Examiner of each of the

Masters of the said Court, should be remunerated by an annual

Salary instead of by Fees, and that the Fees payable to such ' Secretary and to each of such Clerks and Examiners should be accounted for, and applied in manner herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor shall be entitled to receive by way of Salary the clear annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, payable in manner hereafter mentioned, in lieu of the Fees heretofore received and enjoyed by him; and there shall also be allowed and paid for the Expenses of the Office of the said Secretary such Sum as the Loid Chancellor may allow for a Clerk, and for other incidental and necessary Expenses of his Office (to be defined in the Order making such Allowance), not exceeding in the whole for any One Year, including the Allowance for such Clerk, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing

of this Act the Clerk and Examiner of each of the Masters of ffie said Court, and the Assistant Clerk of such Clerk and Examiner, shall hold their Offices respectively during good Behaviour, and so long as they shall personally give their Attendance upon their respective Duties, and shall conduct themselves diligently and faithfully in the due Execution of the Duties of their said Offices respectively, and shall not be removed except by the Order of the Lord Chancellor, who is hereby empowered, by Order made by him, to remove any such Clerk and Examiner or Assistant Clerk for some sufficient Cause to be stated in such Order, but without Prejudice to the Right of the Master to appoint a Clerk and Examiner or Assistant Clerk in the Room of any Clerk and Examiner or Assistant Clerk so removed; and every such Clerk and Examiner shall be entitled to receive by way of Salary the clear annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, payable in manner hereinafter mentioned, in lieu of the Fees heretofore received and enjoyed by him; and there shall also be allowed and paid for the Expenses of the Office of such Clerk and Examiner such Sum as the Lord Chancellor shall allow for that Purpose (the Particulars of such Expenses being defined in the Order making such Allowance), not exceeding in the whole for any One Year the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every such Assistant Clerk shall be entitled to receive by way of Salary the clear annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds, payable in manner herein-after mentioned; and such Salary shall be in lieu of the Salary or Allowance of Seventy Pounds, late Irish Currency, payable to such Assistant Clerk under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Eling George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and all other . Fees

791

The Lord Chancellor's Secretary and the Master's Clerks and Examiners to be paid by a Salary in lieu of Fees.

The Clerks and Examiners of Masters and Assistant Clerks to hold Office during good Behaviour, and to be paid by Salary in lieu of Fees.

Salary of Assistant Clerk to be in lieu of Salary payable under 6 G. 4. c. SO.

The Salaries to be paid quarterly.

The Lord Chancellor's Secretary and the Clerks and Examiners to pay over to the Suitors Fee Fund, monthly, all Fees received by them.

Providing retiring Allowances to Officers

Cap. 89. Court of Chancery (Ireland)* 13 & 14 VICT.

Fees or Emoluments heretofore received or enjoyed by him in his Office, and such last-mentioned Salary or Allowance shall cease to be payable.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Salaries and Allowances shall be payable m quarterly Payments on the First Day of January, the First Day of April, the First Day of July, and the First Day of October, and shall be charged upon and payable out of the Fund standing to the Account of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, called " The- Suitors Fee Fund Account," but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and all Sums of Money by any Act now in force directed or authorized to be paid thereout, and all proper Orders shall be made for that Purpose; and the first Payment shall be made on the first of the said quarterly *Days happening after the passing of this Act, and the Amount thereof shall be such a proportionate Part of the said Salaries and Allowances respectively as shall have accrued from the Day of the passing of this Act to such quarterly Day; and in the event of the Death, Resignation, or Removal from Office of either of such Secretaries, or any of such ClerkB and Examiners or Assistant Clerks, in the Interval between any of the said quarterly Days of Payment, the Secretary or Clerk and Examiner or Assistant Clerk so resigning or being removed, or the Executors or Administrators of the Secretary or Clerk and Examiner or Assistant Clerk so dying, shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid such proportional Part of his said Salary as shall have accrued from the next preceding quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of such Death, Resignation, or Removal, and his Successor shall be entitled to such proportional Part of the said Salary as shall have accrued from the Day of such Death, Resignation, or Removal to the then next quarterly Day of Payment.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor, and the said Clerks and Examiners and Assistant Clerks, shall continue to discharge the Duties belonging to their several Offices; and the said Secretary of the Lord Chancellor, and the Clerks and Examiners, shall receive the Fees and Sums of Money for the Time being lawfully payable to them or in their Offices respectively, and shall keep true and accurate Accounts thereof, and shall pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the said Accountant General, once in every Month, all Fees or Sums of Money so to be received by them respectively, after deducting thereout all Sums lawfully paid for copying Documents, at a Rate not exceeding Three Halfpennies per Office Sheet, the Amount so received and paid by them to be verified by Affidavit, to be sworn before One of the Masters of the Court; and the several Sums so paid in shall be from Time to Time paid to the said Account called "The Suitors Fee Fund Account"

XXXVIII. And whereas it is just that a retiring Allowance should be provided for the Officers of the Court of Chancery in Irelandv* Be it enacted! That if any such Officer

who

Court of Chancery (Ireland).

Cap. 89.

703

of the Court of Chancery.

who shall have executed the Duties of his Office under the said Court for the Term of Twenty Years shall, by Petition to the Lord Chancellor, express his Desire to be allowed to retire, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to direct the Payment to such Officer during his Life of an Annuity as retiring Allowance not exceeding Two Third Parts of the annual Salary and Emolument of such Officer: Provided always, that if any such Officer shall after his Appointment to his Office, and before he shall have completed the Term of Twenty Years, become afflicted with any permanent Infirmity of Mind or Body disabling him from the due Execution of the Duties of his Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to direct the Payment of such Annuity as the said Lord Chancellor and the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable to such Officer, on his resigning his Office, or on an Order being made for his Removal on account of such Disability (which Order the said Lord Chancellor is hereby authorized and empowered to make), such Annuity in any Case not to exceed Two Third Parts of the Salary and Ehnoluments of the Office; and every Annuity so ordered and directed shall be charged and chargeable and be paid and payable in the same Way as is herein-before provided in respect of Salaries: Provided also, that if any Officer of the said Court already appointed or who may be hereafter appointed shall, prior to such Appointment, have permanently discharged the Duties of an Assistant Officer or Clerk in the said Court, it shall be lawful in calculating the Term of Twenty Years herein-before mentioned to allow One Year for every Two Years during which such Officer shall have previously discharged the Duties of such Assistant Officer or Clerk: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Right of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court to the Benefit of the Superannuation provided for by the Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-one.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Clerk in Allowances to each of the Master's Offices, and also every other Clerk of the Clerk and Ex-Court holding his Office during good Behaviour, not being an ^emTntfrom" Officer of the said Court, who shall hereafter resign his Office their Offices, with the Sanction and under the Authority of the Lord Chancellor, or shall be removed therefrom by the Lord Chancellor in consequence of his bring permanently incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body to discharge the Duties thereof, shall be entitled to receive such Superannuation Allowance as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think proper to direct; and in ascertaining and awarding the Amount of such Superannuation Allowance the said Commissioners shall take into consideration the whole Period during which any such Person shall have been permanently employed in the said Court, and shall proceed according to the Principle laid down

by

4&fS W. 4. c. 24.

Abatement to be made from the Salaries of Clerks and Officers of the Court entitled to Superannuation Allowances.

Compensation for Diminution of Emoluments to be made to Officers out of the Suitors Fund.

Cap. 89. Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service; and all such Sums and Allowances which shall be so awarded and granted under the Authority aforesaid shall be paid and payable and be charged and chargeable in the same Way as is herein-before provided in respect of the Salaries of the Clerks and Examiners and other Clerks.

XL. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be an annual Abatement made, in quarterly Proportions, in such Manner as the Lord Chancellor shall direct, from the Salaries or Official Incomes of the Persons who may be hereafter appointed Clerks and Examiners, Assistant Clerks or other Clerks of the Court for whom a Superannuation Allowance is herein-before provided; and the Amount so deducted shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the said Account called u The Suitors Fee Fund Account and the Amount of such Abatement shall be according to the respective Rates following; that is to say.

From Salaries or Official Incomes not exceeding the annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, an Abatement at the Rate of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum;

And from Salaries or Official Incomes exceeding One hundred Pounds, Five Pounds per Centum.

XLI. And whereas the Emoluments of some of the Officers ' of the Court may be diminished by the Operation of this Act, ' or by the Rules and Orders to be made thereunder, for which (they may claim to have Compensation made Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, within the Space of Six Calendar Months after any such Claim shall arise and be made, by Examination on Oath or otherwise (which Oath they and each of them arc and is hereby authorized to administer), to inquire whether any, and if any what, Compensation ought to be made to any Officer or Person claiming such Compensation, the said Commissioners having regard to the Conditions on which the Appointment of any such Officer was made, or to any Notice which at the Time of such Appointment may have been given to such Officer that such Uffice was to he holden subject to any Provision by Parliament for the Abolition or Regulation thereof, but with full Power for the said Commissioners to investigate and determine whether, from the Nature of the said Offices or the Mode of Accession thereto, any such Conditions or Notice could have been properly made or given, and also having regard to the holding of any Office, Place, or Situation by such Officer under this Act; and that in all Cases in which it shall appear to the said Commissioners that Compensation ought to be granted, it shall be lawful for

i85a

Court of Chancery (Ireland). Cap. 89. 795

the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant

under their Hands, to order and direct that such annual or other Compensation shall be made to the Persons so claiming such Compensation as aforesaid, or any of them, as to the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall seem just and reasonable; and all such Compensation, whether annual or in gross, shall be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund standing to the Account called "The Suitors Fee Fund Account," but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and all Sums of Money by any Act or Acts now in force directed or authorized to be paid thereout, and all proper Orders shall be made for that Purpose: Provided always, that an Account of all such Compensations shall, within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be so granted, be laid upon the Table of the House of Commons, if Parliament be then assembled, or if Parliament be not then assembled, then within Fourteen Days after the Meeting of the Parliament then next assembled,

XLII. And be it enacted, That any Petition to the Court Petition to be under this Act shall constitute a Lis pendens within the Mean- pendens ing of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her Majesty, Mwning of intituled An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Jttdg- 7 & 8 Vict. c. 90. ments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy, and for providing One Office for the registering of all Judgments in Ireland, and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions; and it shall be a sufficient Compliance with so much of the same Act as requires the Title of the Cause or Information and the Day when the Bill or Information was filed to be left with such registering Officer as therein mentioned if the Names of the Petitioners, or some One or more of them, and of the Respondents, or some One or more of them, and the Day when the Petition was presented, be left with such Officer as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other short Title of Acts of Parliament, and in legal or other Instruments and Act* Proceedings, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850."

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of Interpretation this Act the Expression "the Lord Chancellor" shall mean of Act-the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and shall include the Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal in Ireland; and the Expression " the Court" shall mean the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and the Expression " the Master" shall mean the Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland to whom any Petition is referred, or before whom any Matter is pending under this Act, for the Time being respectively; and the Word "Person" shall include "Corporation," and shall include Her Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General in Cases of Charities or of Informations at the Suit of Her Majesty; and Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number, and

796

Certain Provisional Orders of General Board of Health confirmed.

First Election of Local Board of Health for Ashby de la Zouch.

First Election of Local Board for Sandgate.

General Board to furnish Copies of Provisional Orders to Parties

Cap. 89, 90. Court of Chancery (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Words importing Males shall include Females; unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers (Sect. 5.)

In the Matter of the Petition of I A.B., the Petitioner in the above-written [or annexed, as the Case may be,] Petition, make Oath and say, That so much of the above-written [or annexed, as the Case may be^\ Petition as relates to my own Acts and Deeds is true, and so much thereof as relates to the Acts and Deeds of any other Person I believe to be true.

Sworn, , fyc. c.

CAP. XC.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, and for certain other Purposes in relation to the Public Health Act, 1848.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS the General Board of Health have, in puis ' suance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published,

and deposited, according to the Provisions of the Act, certain

Provisional Orders mentioned in the Schedule to this Bill

annexed, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be

confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health referred to in the Schedule to this Bill annexed shall, so far as the same are authorized by the said Public Health Act, be and the same are hereby confirmed, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Bill.

II. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Ashby de la Zouch for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act shall take place on the Second Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

III. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Sandgate for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act shall take place on the Second Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

IV. And be it enacted, That whenever, under the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, any Bill has been or shall be brought into Parliament for the confirming of any Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, a Copy or Copies of

every

1S5Q General Board of Health (No. 2,) Cap. 90, 91. 797

every Order included in the Schedule of such Bill shall be fur- requiring the nished by the said General Board to all Parties applying for Mme-the same between the Hours of Eleven and Five at the Office of the said General Board, or by Letter addressed to the said Board, on Payment by such Parties of the Cost of making or furnishing such Copy or Copies.

V. And be it enacted, That the General Board of Health General Board may, whenever it shall see fit, by Order under their Hands and w01"?.1 official Seal, direct and appoint any Day or Days for the First Election of*1 Election or Selection of any Local Board of Health other than Local Boards, the Day or Days fixed for such First Election by any Order in &c *

Council or by this or any other Act for confirming any Provisional Order or Orders by the said General Board; and that the said General Board shall cause Notice of the Day so directed and appointed by them for such First Election or Selection to be affixed on the Doors of the principal Churches, Chapels, public Buildings, and Places where public Notices are usually affixed within the District for which such Election or Selection is to be made, at least Twenty-one Days before the Day so fixed and appointed for such Election or Selection, as the Case may be.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if public Health this Act and the Public Health Act were One Act. Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Short Title of Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Docu- Aet-ment whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and

Figures "The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No. 2.)"

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of tended, &c. Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Bill refers.

Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, submitted for the Confirmation of Parliament.

Wigan.

Preston.

W olverhampton.

Ashby de la Zouch. Sandgate.

Swansea.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to authorize Justices of any Borough having a separate Gaol to commit Assize Prisoners to such Gaol, and to extend the Jurisdiction of Borough Justices to all Offences and Matters arising within the Borough for which they act.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience and Expense have been found to result to Cities and Boroughs having or providing and maintaining at their own Cost Gaols or Houses of Correction, from the Necessity of committing to the Common Gaol

798 Cap. 91. Borough Gaols. 13 & 14 VICT.

Gaol of the County in which such City or Borough may be situated for Trial at the Assizes holden for such County Persons charged with Offences committed within the Limits of such City or Borough, and it is expedient that the Law should be altered and amended: And whereas it is also expedient that Justices of the Peace acting for any City or Borough should have the same Powers and Authorities in all respects with regard to Offences committed and Matters arising within the Limits of such City or Borough as Justices of the Peace for the County within which such City or Borough is situated now have with regard to such Offences or Matters under or by virtue of any local or general Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Prisoners may That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful £ for any Justice of the Peace acting for any City or Borough fo/xlfal now having or providing and maintaining at its own Cost, or

Assises. which shall hereafter have or provide and maintain at its own

Cost, a Gaol or House of Correction, to commit for safe Custody to such Gaol or House of Correction, for Trial at the Assizes to be holden for the County in whi<?h such City or Borough may be situated, any Person charged before him with any Offence, except Murder, committed within the Limits of such City or Borough triable at such Assizes, and the Commitment shall specify that such Person is committed under the Authority of this Act, and whenever any such Person shall be committed to any such Gaol or House of Correction for Trial at such Assizes the Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction shall deliver to the Judges of Assize a Calendar of all Prisoners in his Custody for Trial at such Assizes, in the same Way that the Sheriff of the County would be by Law required to do if such Prisoners had been committed to the Common Gaol of the County in which such City or Borough may be situated; and the Justice or Justices by whom any Person charged as aforesaid shall be committed shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the proper Officer of the Court the several Recognizances, Informations, Depositions, and Statements relative to such Person at the Time and in the Manner that would be required in case such Person had been committed to such County GaoL

Nothing to

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein authorise Ju«- contained shall be construed to give any Justice of the Peace P^mchMged h>r any City or Borough Power to commit Persons

with Murder to charged with Murder to the Gaol or House of Correction of any t"y f U mn or Borough for Trial at the Assizes to be holden for the

Gaol.°Unty County in which such City or Borough may be situated, but such Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all such Persons to the Common Gaol of such County A» to Expenses ^or ^al in 6UC'h and the same Manner as if this Act had not incurred in passed: Provided also, that the Expenses properly incurred by

1860. Borough Gaols. Cap. 91.

such County in the Maintenance! safe Custody! and Care of such last-mentioned Prisoners so committed whilst in Custody in such County Gaol shall be borne and paid by such City or Borough in the Manner herein-after provided with respect to Prisoners removed to the County Gaol for Trial at the ^seizes.

1IL And be it enacted, That all Persons who may under the Authority of this Act be committed to the Gaol or House of Correction of any City or Borough for Trial at the Assizes to be holden for the County in which such City or Borough may be situated shall in due Time be removed by the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol or House of Correction, with their Commitments and Detainers, to the Common Gaol of the County, in order that they may be tried at the Assizes to be holden for such County, and such Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Prisoner so removed shall for and during the Time of such Removal, and also for and during such Time as he shall be detained in the County Gaol, be to all Intents and Purposes deemed and considered to be in the proper legal Custody, notwithstanding he may in effecting such Removal have been taken out of the Jurisdiction of the City or Borough to the Gaol or House of Correction of which he may have been originally committed into any other Jurisdiction, or out of the County in which such Gaol or House of Correction may be situated into or through any other County or Division of a County; and no Action or other Proceeding shall or may be maintained by such Prisoner or by any other Person against the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or House of Correction of any City or Borough, or against the Gaoler or Keeper of the Common Gaol of the County, by reason or in consequence of such Prisoner having been taken out of the Jurisdiction of such City or Borough into any other Jurisdiction, or out of the County in which such City or Borough may be situated into or through any other County or Division of a County.

V. And be it enacted, That the Expenses which shall be incurred by such County in the Maintenance, safe Custody, and Care of every Prisoner so removed whilst in Custody in such County Gaol, shall be calculated upon the same Principle and in the same Manner as provided by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Jet to amend the Laws concerning Prisons, with respect to Borough Prisoners committed to a County Prison where no special Contract is subsisting between such Borough and County relative to such Prisoners; and such Expenses, and all other Expenses which may be incurred by such County in respect of every such Prisoner, shall be paid by the Council of such City or Borough to the Treasurer of such Gaol or County; and the Amount of all such Expenses shall, in case of Dispute, be settled by a Barrister at Law in the Manner provided by the said Act.

799

Maintenance of

last-mentioned

Prisoners.

Prisoners

committed to Borough Gaols to be removed to County Gaol previous to Trial.

Prisoners whilst under Removal to be deemed to be in proper legal Custody

Expenses of Prisoners removed to County Gaols to be calculated as provided by S& 6 Vict. c. 98.

Account of Expenses to be made out and signed by Clerk to Justices, and sent to Town Clerk of Borough.

In Cases of Conviction for Offences committed within Limits of any City, &c., Court may commit Offender to Borough Gaol;

In case of Commitment of Persons.

Provisions as to Removal before Trial to apply to Removal after Conviction.

Borough Justices to have the same Jurisdiction as County Justices under any local Act as to Offences committed within the Borough.

Cap. 91. Borough Gaols. 13 & 14 VICT.

VI. And be it enacted, That an Account in Writing of the Expenses due and payable, or claimed to be due and payable, in respect of the Maintenance, safe Custody, and Care of rach Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be made out from Time to Time, and signed by the Clerk to the Visiting Justices of the County Gaol to which such Prisoners shall have been committed, and delivered to the Town Clerk of the City or Borough within which the Offences shall have been committed; and such Account shall be conclusive against such City or Borough, unless some Objection shall be made in Writing, and signed by the Town Clerk of such City or Borough, and delivered to the Clerk of the said Visiting Justices, within One Calendar Month next after such Account shall have been delivered to such Town Clerk.

VII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person shall be convicted at any Assizes of any Offence committed within the Limits of any City or Borough having or providing and maintaining at its own Cost a Gaol or House of Correction, for which Offence such Person shall be liable either to the Punishment of Transportation or Imprisonment, it shall be lawful for the Court, if it shall so think fit, to commit such Person to such Gaol or House of Correction, in execution of his Judgment; and in case of the Commitment of any Person either sentenced to Transportation or pardoned for any Capital Offence on Condition of Transportation, all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities for the Removal of Offenders sentenced to Transportation given or granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to Sheriffs or Gaolers shall be and the same are hereby extended and given to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gad or House of Correction in whose Custody such Offender shall be.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions hereinbefore contained with reference to the Removal of Prisoners from any City or Borough Gaol to the County Gaol for Trial at the Assizes shall be applicable and shall be applied to the Removal from the County Gaol to any City or Borough Gaol of any Prisoner who, having been convicted at the Assizes, shall be committed by the Court to such Gaol or House of Correction, in execution of his Judgment.

IX. And be it enacted, That after the passing of this Act the Justices of every City or Borough shall have the same Jurisdiction with respect to all Offences committed and Matters arising within such City or Borough as the Justices of the County in which such City or Borough is situate now have under or by virtue of any local or general Act of Parliament; and such Offences and Matters shall be cognizable by One or more of the Justices of such City or Borough in the same Manner as such Offences and Matters are now cognizable by One or more of the Justices of such County: Provided always, that in every Case in which Imprisonment may be awarded for or in respect of any such Offences or Matters aforesaid, or to enforce Payment of any Penalty, Rate, Sum of Money, or Costs

imposed

801

1850.

Borough' Gaols.

Cap. 91, 92.

imposed or made payable by or by virtue of any such general or local Act or otherwise, such Imprisonment may be awarded to take place in any Gaol or House of Correction to which the Justices of the said City or Borough now have or hereafter may have Power to commit Offenders.

X. And be it enacted, That throughout this Act, where interpretation there shall be nothing in the Subject or Context repugnant to of Terms, such Construction, Words importing the Singular Number only

shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include the Singular Number, and Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to Extent of Act. England and Wales.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of azmmd#d' Parliament.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Scotland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent wanton Cruelty in

" the Treatment of Horses, Cattle, and other domestic

* c Animals, in Scotland:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person who shall from and after the passing of Penalty for

this Act cruelly beat, ill-treat, over-drive, abuse, or torture, or cause or procure to be cruelly beaten, ill-treated, over-driven, Amm*£

abused, or tortured, any Animal, shall be guilty of an Offence,

and shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall keep or Penalty on Peruse or act in the Management of any Place for the Purpose of fighting or baiting any Bull, Bear, Badger, Dog, Cock, or other baitb7g, °Dog- End of Animal, whether of domestic or wild Nature, or shall fighting, &c. permit or suffer any Place to be so used, shall be guilty of an Offence, and every such Offender shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day he shall so keep or use or act in the Management of any such Place, or permit or suffer any Place to be used as aforesaid: Provided always, that every Person who shall receive Money for the Admission of any other Person to any Place kept or used for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be deemed to be the Keeper thereof; and every Person who shall in any Manner encourage, aid, or assist at the fighting or baiting of any Bull, Bear, Badger, Dog,

Cock, or other Animal as aforesaid, shall be guilty of an Offence, and be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

3 E 2 EEL And

802

Keepers of Slaughterhouses for kill* ing Horses to be licensed *

Persons licensed to .affix over Door, &c. a Board with the Words Licensed for slaughtering Horses.

Description of Cattle received for slaughtering to be entered in a Book *

Penalty for Neglect *

Persons licensed to slaughter Horses not to be licensed as Horse Dealers at same Time.

Apprehension of Offender.

Cap. 92. Cruelty to Animals (Scotland). 13 & 14 Vict.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person shall keep or use any House or Place for the Purpose of slaughtering or killing any Horse or other Animal (which shall not be intended for Butchers Meat) without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, which Licence every Sheriff within his own County is hereby authorized to grant, upon being satisfied that the Person applying for such Licence is a proper Person for keeping such House or Place, and upon Payment of a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings to the Sheriff Clerk for making out and recording such Licence; and a Copy of such Licence shall be recorded in the Sheriff Clerk's Books; and any Person shall at all reasonable Hours be entitled to inspect such Books, and to make any Extract relating to such Licence therefrom, upon Payment to the Sheriff Clerk of Sixpence for such Inspection and Extract; and every Person so licensed shall cause to be painted in large legible Characters on a Board to be affixed over the Grate or Door of such House or Place his or her Name, with the Words " Licensed for slaughtering Horses, pursuant to an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty " Queen Victoria and any Person failing so to do shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, and a farther Penalty of Five Pounds for every Day during which such Board shall not be so affixed.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person keeping or using or having the Management of any Place for slaughtering Horses or other Cattle (not intended for Butchers Meat) shall, at the Time of receiving any Horse or other Cattle in such Place, enter in a Book such a full and correct Description of the Colour, Marks, and Gender of such Horse or other Cattle as may clearly distinguish and identify the same; and if any such Person shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry in a clear and distinct Manner, or shall refuse or neglect to produce such Book before any Magistrate, whenever required by such Magistrate so to do, or shall refuse to allow such Book to be inspected, and Extracts to be made therefrom, at all reasonable Times, by any Constable or other Person duly authorized by such Magistrate, every such Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and be liable to a Penalty for every such Offence not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person who shall be licensed to slaughter Horses during the Time such Licence shall be in force to be licensed as a Horse Dealer, or exercise or use the Trade or Business of a Dealer in Horses; and if any Person licensed to slaughter Horses shall while such Licence shall be in force obtain a Licence as a Horse Dealer, every such last-mentioned Licence shall be void.

VI. And be it enacted, That when and so often as any of the Offences against the Provisions of this Act shall be committed, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, upon his own View thereof, or upon the Complaint and Information of

803

1850, Cruelty to Animals (Scotland). Cap. 92.

any other Person who shall declare his or her Name and Place of Abode to the said Constable, to seize and secure, by the Authority of this Act, any Offender, and forthwith, without my other Authority or Warrant, to convey such Offender before a Magistrate, to be dealt with for such Offence according to Law.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Complaint under the Time of prefer-Provisions of this Act shall be made within One Calendar rin* Complaint, Month after the Cause of such Complaint shall arise; and ^Sndhoir where such Complaint shall be made to the Sheriff it shall be to be disposed competent to such Sheriff to proceed in and to try and to dis- of. pose of the same in the same Way and Manner, or as nearly as may be in the same Way and Manner, as any summary Criminal Case may be proceeded in, tried, and disposed of by my Sheriff in Scotland; and where such Complaint shall be made to a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, it shall be competent to such Justice or Magistrate to proceed in and to try and to dispose of the same in the same Way and Manner, or as nearly as may be in the same Way and Manner, as Justices of the Peace or other Magistrates in Scotland may proceed in, try, and dispose of summarily any Offence against Police, or my Breach of the Peace.

VnL And be it enacted, That in every Case of a Conviction Magistrate under this Act, where the Sum imposed as a Penalty, together with Costs (if any) awarded, ! by any Magistrate, for or in fendeftobe respect of any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, shall imprisoned or not be paid immediately upon the Conviction, or within such fined#

Time as the convicting Magistrate shall in the Exercise of his Discretion appoint and limit, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate and he is hereby required to adjudge the Offender to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless Payment be sooner made: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Magistrate, if he shall think fit, instead of imposing a pecuniary Penalty, forthwith to adjudge any such Offender to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

IX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person having Vehicle* m. charge of any Vehicle or any Animal shall be taken into Cus- detained tody by any Constable for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Constable to take charge of such Vehicle or Animal, and deposit the same in some Place of safe Custody, as a Security for Payment of any Penalty to which the Person having had charge thereof, or the Owner thereof, may become liable, and for Payment of any Expenses which may have been or may be necessarily incurred for taking charge of and keeping the same; and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate before whom the Case shall have been heard to order such Vehicle or such Animal to be sold, for the Purpose of satisfying such Penalty and reasonable Expenses, in default of Payment thereof.

3 E 3

804

As to Actions.

Construction of Terms.

Nothing in this Enactment to interfere with Prosecutions at Common Law.

Act may be amended, See.

Cap. 92. Cruelty to Anim(dt\S(^tlomd^ 13 & 14 VICTj

X. And be it enacted* That no Action shall be brought against any Magistrate or other Person for anything done in* pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, unless such Action shall be commenced within Two Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and no Action shall be'commenced until One Calendar Month at least after a Notice in Writing of such intended Action shall have been delivered to the Defender, or left for him at his usual Place of Abode, by the Party intending to commence such Action, or by his Agent, in which Notice the Cause of Action shall be clearly and explicitly stated, and upon the Back thereof shall be endorsed the Name and Place of Abode of the Parties so intending to sue, and also the Name and Place of Abode or of Business of such Agent* if such Notice shall have been served by such Agent.

XI. And be it enacted, That the following Words and [Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Word "Magistrate" shall be taken to mean a Sheriff or Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate for the County, City, Burgh, Stewartry, or other Jurisdiction in which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, or in whioa the Matter requiring the Cognizance of such Sheriff Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate shall arise:

The Word " Animal " shall be taken to mean any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Cal£ Mule, Ass, Sheep, Lamb, Hog, Pig, Sow, Goat, Dog, Cat, or any other domestic Animal:

The Word " Constable " shall be taken to mean any Sheriff Officer, Police Officer, Special Constable, Justice of Peace Constable, or any Person belonging to any Constabulary Foroe in any Part of the United Kingdom:

Words denoting the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words denoting the Masculine Gender shall include Persons and Animals of the Feminine Gender:

The Word " over-drive " shall also signify " over-ride."

XII. And be it enacted, That nothing contained herein shall prevent any Act which may be an Offence under this Act, but which could have been prosecuted and punished as an Offence at Common Law, or under any Act, if this Act had not passed, from being so prosecuted and punished as if this Act had not passed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP/

ism

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

80

I.

[Short Title.]

II.

Interpretation,

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for improving the Condition of Masters, Mates, and Seamen, and maintaining Discipline in the Merchant Service.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for improving the Condition of Masters, Mates, and Seamen, and ' for maintaining Discipline, in the British Merchant Service Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

1. That this Act may be cited as " The Mercantile Marine Act, 1850."

2. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter; (that is to say,)

Words of One Number or Gender shall import all Numbers Number and and Genders: Gender:

The Emression " Her Majesty" shall include Her Majesty, 'Her Majesty:* Her Heirs and Successors:

The Expression " Her Majesty's Dominions" shall include "Her Majesty's Her Majesty's Dominions strictly so called, and all Territo- Dominions:" ries under the Government of the East India Company, and all other Territories (if any) governed by virtue of any Charter or Licence from the Crown or Parliament of Great Britain:

The Expression " United Kingdom" shall include Great "United King-Britain and Ireland: dom

, The Expression " Board of Trade" shall mean the Committee «Board of of Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for the Con- Trade-." sideration of Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations:

The Word " Consular Officer " shall include Consul-General,

Consul, and Vice-Consul:

The Word "Ship" shall include every Description of Sea- ship-." going Vessel:

The Expression " Home Trade Ship " shall include every " Ship " to which this Act applies employed in trading or going within the following Limits; (that is to say,) the Coasts of the United Kingdom, the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, and the Continent of Europe, between the River Elbe and Brest inclusive:

The Expression " Foreign-going Ship " shall include every " Foreign- Ship" to which this Act applies employed in trading or £°ins shiP:" going beyond the Limits aforesaid:

The Word " Seaman" shall include every Person (except "Seaman:" Masters and Apprentices duly indentured and registered) employed or engaged to serve in any Capacity on board any " Ship

C. 3 E 4 The

" Consular Officer

" Home Trade Ship

806

Mercantile Marine.

" General Merchant Seamen's Act:"

7 & 8 Vict,

c. 112.

" Seamen's Protection Acts"

8 & 9 Vict. c. 116.

Explanation and Alteration of Terms in 8 & 9 Vict. c. 116.

III. Extent of Operation.

As to Parts which affect or repeal former Acts;

As to Remainder.

IV. Time of Operation.

Cap. 93.

13 & 14 Vict.

The Expression " General Merchant Seamen's Act" shall mean an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Merchant Seamen, and for keeping a Register of Seamen:

The Expression " Seamen's Protection Act" shall mean an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for the Protection of Seamen entering on board Merchant Ships.

3. And be it declared and enacted, That the Words " Seaman " and " Seamen " in the said " Seamen's Protection Act" are meant to include any Person or Persons about to serve as Seamen, notwithstanding that they have not previously been at Sea, and are also meant to include Apprentices in the Sea Service and Persons about to become such Apprentices; and that the said " Seamen's Protection Act " shall, after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be read and construed as if the Expression " the Ship's Husband" were replaced by the Expression " a Mate of the Ship," and the Expression " Ship's Husband " were replaced by the Expression " Mate of the Ship."

4. And be it enacted, That the several Parte of this Act which relate to any " Ships," or to the Owners, Masters, Mates," Seamen," or Apprentices of any " Ships," shall, so far as the Context and Subject Matter admit, have the following Applications; (that is to say,)

So much of this Act as repeals, alters, or explains any existing Enactment shall apply to the same " Ships " and to the same Matters and Persons to which such Enactment applies:

The Remainder of this Act shall, so far as the Context and Subject admit, apply to all " Ships " registered or licensed in the "United Kingdom," (except such as are exclusively employed in fishing on the Coasts of the " United Kingdom," and such as belong to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, the Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses, or the Corporation for preserving and improving the Harbour of Dublin, and also except Pleasure Yachts,) and also to all " Ships " registered or licensed in any other Part of " Her Majesty's Dominions," and employed in trading or going between any Place in the "United Kingdom" and any Place or Places not situate in the Territory or Colony in which such " Ship " is registered, and to the Owners, Masters, Mates, and Crews of such " Ships " respectively.

5. And be it enacted, That the several Parts of this Act shall come into operation at the several Times following; (that is to say,)

So

1850.

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93. 807

So much of this Act as relates to the Appointment of new A* to Board* Officers of the " Board of Trade," and to the Powers hereby given to that Board, and to the Constitution and Offices and Powers of Local Marine Boards, and to the Register Examination*; Office for " Seamen," and to the Establishment of Shipping Offices, and of Examinations for Masters and Mates, shall come into operation immediately on the passing hereof.

So much of this Act as relates to the compulsory Production A* to Pro-of Certificates of Masters and Mates, Agreements with Auction of Cer- Seamen," Advances and Allotments of Wages, Health u cales' 9 on board Ship, Desertion, Discipline, Log Books, Payment of Wages, and Discharge of " Seamen," shall, with respect to such " Ships " as are in the " United Kingdom " on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the Owners, Masters, Mates, and Crews thereof, come into operation on that Day; and with respect to such " Ships " as are not within the " United Kingdom " on that Day, and to the Owners, Masters, Mates, and Crews thereof, as soon after the first subsequent Arrival of such "Ship" in the "United Kingdom" as Preparations are commenced for a further Voyage or Departure from any Place therein:

And the Remainder of this Act shall come into operation on to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and der.

6. And be it enacted, That the "Board of Trade" shall V. undertake the general Superintendence of Matters relating to

the British Mercantile Marine, and shall be authorized to carry *Board$.

this Act into execution, and to enforce by legal Proceedings or --- '

by such other lawful Means as may seem to it expedient the Provisions of this Act and of all other Acts and Laws relating g^er^T* to the British Merchant Service, and may also open an Account or Accounts with the Bank of England in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

7. And be it enacted, That at such of the Seaports of the Constitution " United Kingdom " as have in " Ships " ordinarily employed as *"* Fu7cilons "Foreign-going Ships" a Registered Tonnage of Thirty thou- ^ne Board*" sand Tons or upwards, and at such other Places as the " Board

of Trade " may appoint for this Purpose, Local Marine Boards shall be established for carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act, under the Superintendence of the "Board of Trade;" and each of such Local Marine Boards shall be constituted as follows; that is to say, the Mayor or Provost and the Stipendiary Magistrate, or such of the Mayors or Provosts and Stipendiary Magistrates of the Place (if more than One) as the " Board of Trade99 may appoint, shall be a Member or Members ex officio, the " Board of Trade " shall appoint Four Members from Residents in the Place or within Seven Miles thereof, and the Owners of such Foreign-going Shipping as aforesaid registered at the Port shall elect Six Members, to be qualified as hereinafter mentioned; and such Appointments and Elections shall.

fifty-one.

in

808 Cap. 9& Mercantile Marine* 13 & 14 VICTi

Board of Track, in the first instance, take place on the Twenty-fifth Day, of fr* October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and shall afterwards take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of October in every Third succeeding Year, except in the Case of occasional Vacancies by Death, Resignation, Disqualification, or otherwise* which shall be filled up within One Calendar Month after they occur; and every Person elected on an occasional Vacancy shall continue a Member until the next ordinary triennial Election; and the Mayor or Provost shall fix the Place and Mode of conducting such Elections, and also on occasional Vacancies the Day of Election, and shall give at least Ten Days Notice thereof; and the Board of Trade shall have Power to decide any Questions which may be raised concerning the Conduct of such Elections: Provided, that no Act of any Local Board shall be vitiated or prejudiced by reason of any Irregularity in the Election of any of its Members, or of any Error in the List of Voters hereinafter mentioned, or of any Irregularity in the making or revising such List, or by reason of any Person who is not duly qualified as herein-after provided acting upon such Board: Provided also, that if in any Place, by reason of any Election not taking place, or of the constant Non-attendance of all or the greater Part of the elective Members, or from any other Cause, tiny Local Marine Board fails to m£et or to discharge its Duties, the " Board of Trade " may, if such Failure occurs within Three Months before the next triennial Election of such Local Marine Board, undertake such Duties provisionally until such Election, or, if such Failure occurs more than Three Months before such Election, may direct a new Election of the Elective Members of such Local Marine Board to be had immediately.

Minutes and 8. And be it enacted, That every Local Marine Board shall Local^anls. keep Minutes of its Proceedings, in such Mode as the Board of Trade may prescribe, and such Minutes, and all Books or Documents used or kept by any Local Marine Board, or by any Examiners, Shipping Masters, or other Officers, under the Control of any Local Marine Board, shall be open to the Inspection of the Board of Trade and its Officers; but every Local Marine Board may regulate the Mode in which its Meetings are to be held and its Business conducted.

Qualification 9. And be it enacted, That Owners of " Foreign-going Ships" m V°h!rs for registered at any Seaport in which there is to be a Local Marine Local Marine Board shall have Votes at the Election of Members of such Board*. Board, as follows; (that is to say,) every registered Owner of

Two hundred and fifty Tons in the whole of such Shipping shall, on the Election of each Member, have One Vote for every Two hundred and fifty Tons owned by him, so that hie Votes for any One Member do not exceed Ten; and for the Purpose of ascertaining such Qualification the following Rules shall be observed; (that is to say,) in the Case of a Foreign-going Ship," registered in the Name of One Person, such Person shall be deemed to be the Owner; and in the Case of a u Foreign-? going Ship" registered h* distinct and several Sharee in the

Names

moo.

Mercantile Marine

Cap. 93.

Names of more Persons than One, the Tonnage shall be apportioned among the Owners as nearly as may be in proportion to their respective Shares, and each of such Persons shall be deemed the Owner of the Tonnage so apportioned to him; and in the Case of a " Foreign-going Ship," or Shares of a " Foreign-going Ship," registered jointly without Severance of Interest in the Names of more Persons than One, the Tonnage shall, if it is sufficient, either alone or together with other Tonnage (if any) owned by such joint Owners, to give a Qualification to each of them, be apportioned equally between the joint Owners, and each of such joint Owners shall be deemed the Owner of the equal Share so apportioned to him, but if the Tonnage aforesaid is not so sufficient, the whole of such Tonnage shall be deemed to be owned by such One of the joint Owners resident at the Port, or within Seven Miles thereof, as is first named on the Register; and in making Apportionment any Portion may be struck off so as to obtain a divisible Amount; and the whole Amount of Tonnage so owned by each Person, whether in " Ships " or Shares of or Interests in " Ships," shall be added together, and if sufficient shall constitute his Qualification; provided that no Person appearing by the Register to be a Mortgagee or Trustee for Sale shall be entitle! to vote, but the Person who, subject to such Mortgage or Trust, is the registered Owner, shall for the Purpose of voting be considered the Owner as if no such Mortgage or Trust existed.

10. And be it enacted, That the Collector of Her Majesty's Customs in every Seaport of the United Kingdom at which there is to be a Local Marine Board shall, with the Assistance of the Registrar of Seamen, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the present and in every Third succeeding Year, make out or cause to be made out an alphabetical List of all Persons who may be entitled by virtue of this Act to vote in the Election of a Member or Members to serve on the Local Marine Board of such Seaport; and in such List the Christian Name and Surname and Residence of every Person shall be written at frill Length, together with the Number of Votes to which such Person is entitled; and the said Collector shall sign such List, and shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such List to be printed, and to be fixed on or near the Doors of the Custom House at such Seaport for Two entire Weeks next after such List has been made; and the said Collector shall likewise keep true Copies of such List, to be perused by any Person, without Payment of any Fee, at all reasonable Hours during each Two Weeks.

11. And be it enacted, That Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to be nominated triennially by the Mayor or Provost of every Seaport at which there is to be a Local Marine Board, and which Nomination the said Mayor or Provost is hereby required from Time to Time to make, shall, between the > Eighth and Fifteenth Days of October, both inclusive, in the present and hi.every Third succeeding. Year, having first vi, , given

809

Board of Trad*,

Register of Votes for Election of Members of Board.

Revision of List of Voters.

810

Board of Trade, frc.

Registers tu be produced.

Expenses of Collector, Mayor, or Provost, to be repaid to him.

Persons on List qualified to vote.

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine^ 13 & 14 VICT.

given Three Days Notice of such Revision by advertising the same in One or more Newspapers in such Seaport, and by affixing such Notice on or near to the Doors of the Custom House of such Seaport, revise at such Custom House, or in some convenient Room or Place near thereto to be hired for the Purpose by the said Collector, the List so made out as aforesaid; and on every such Revision any Person whose Name has been omitted from such List may claim to be inserted therein, and any Person whose Name has been inserted in such List may object to any other Person as not being entitled to have his Name inserted therein; and the said Revisors may insert the Name of any such Person so claiming to be inserted in such List, on Proof of his being entitled to have his Name so inserted, and shall retain the Name of any Person so objected to, if the Objection shall not have been established to their Satisfaction, and shall retain in the said List the Name of every Person to whom no such Objection shall have been made; and the Decision of the said Revisors with respect to every such List shall be final and conclusive, without Appeal; and the said Revisors shall immediately after such Revision sign their Names at the Foot of the List so revised; and such List, so revised, shall be the Register of Voters in the Election of Members to the Local Marine Board of such Seaport for Three Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of October then next ensuing, inclusive, to the Twenty-fourth Day of October inclusive, in the Third succeeding Year; and when and so soon as the said List is so signed the same shall be delivered to the Mayor or Provost of the said Seaport, who shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies thereof to be printed, and delivered to any Voter applying for the same.

12. And be it enacted, That the Collector of Her Majesty's Customs of every such Seaport shall, for the Assistance of the said Revisors in revising the said List, produce to them the Books containing the Register of Ships registered at such Sea* port, and such Revisors shall be allowed to inspect the same; and the Registrar of Seamen shall also produce or transmit to such Revisors such certified Extracts or Returns from the Books in his Custody as may be necessary for the same Purpose.

13. And be it enacted, That all Expenses incurred by the said Collector at any such Seaport in making and printing the said List, and in the Revision thereof, and all Expenses of the Mayor or Provost in printing the same, shall be certified by the said Justices, in Writing under their Hands, and shall be repaid to the said Collector, Mayor, and Provost by the Board of Trade; and the Board of Trade shall also repay to the said Mayor or Provost all Expenses properly incurred by them in Elections under this Act.

14. And be it enacted, That every Person whose Name shall appear on such revised List, and no other Person, shall be qualified to vote at the Election of Members of the Local

Marine

lBdor

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

Marine Board at sack Seaport to be held on the Twenty-fifth Day of October next after the Revision of such List, and at any occasional Election held at any Time between that Day and the next ordinary triennial Election of Members of the said Board

15. And be it enacted, That every Male Person who is, according to such revised List, entitled to a Vote or Votes, and shall reside in the Seaport for which such List has been revised, or within Seven Miles thereof, shall be qualified to be elected a Member of the Local Marine Board of such Seaport: Provided always, that every such Person elected to such Board who after such Election ceases to be an Owner of such Quantity of Tonnage as would entitle him under this Act to One Vote as aforesaid, or to reside as aforesaid, shall no longer continue to act or be considered as a Member of such Board, and thereupon another Election of a qualified Member shall take place and be had in the Stead of such Member of the said Board ceasing to be entitled or to reside as aforesaid.

16. And be it enacted, That any Functions or Powers relating to " Seamen" or Apprentices not employed in Her Majesty's Service, which are now vested in or exercised by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing his Office, may, with his or their Consent, be transferred to and exercised by the " Board of Trade."

17. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade" shall nominate Two proper Persons to assist such Board in the Execution of this Act, and may from Time to Time remove and replace them, and appoint an annual Salary not exceeding Six hundred Pounds to each of them, and may also for the Purposes aforesaid from Time to Time appoint and remove such Officers, Clerks, and Servants as it may deem necessary, and fix and alter the Amount of Salaries and Wages to be paid to them.

18. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " shall cause Accounts of all-Monies received or paid by it or by its Agents, in pursuance of this Act, during the preceding Year, and of all Monies or Investments applicable to any of the Purposes of this Act of which it may be possessed for the Time being, to be laid before each House of Parliament in the Month of January in every Year, if Parliament is then sitting, or, if Parliament is not then sitting, within One Month after the next Meeting thereof.

19. And be it enacted, That all Documents purporting to be Originals or Copies of any Minutes or Orders of the " Board of Trade" on Matters connected with the Merchant Service or of any Scales of Fees settled by it in pursuance of this Act, and purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the " Board of Trade," shall be taken as Evidence of such Minutes, Orders, and Scales of Fees respectively, without any further Proof.

20. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " shall Sanction Forms of the several Documents which are required

to

811

Board of Trade,

fre.

Qualification of Members of Local Marine Boards.

Certain Functions of Admiralty may be transferred to Board of Trade.

New Officers and Servants to be appointed.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament.

Minutes, &c. if sealed, to be received as Evidence.

The Board to sanction Forms required by

7 & 8 Vict c. 112.

The Board to settle and issue Forms required by this Act.

No Form not marked to be received as Evidence.

Forms to be

published

previously.

Forms to be exempt from Stamp Duty.

Penalties for Forgery of Seal, and fraudulent Alteration of Forms;

for not using Forms issued by the Board.

VI. Conduct and Qualification* of Mastera and Matea.

Examinations

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 VICT.

to be in any particular Form by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act," or by so much thereof as is in force for the Time being, and may vary such Forms from those contained in the Schedules thereto, not omitting any essential Particulars.

21. And be it enacted, That the u Board of Trade" shall cause all such Forms as are hereby required to be sanctioned by it to be prepared, and to be sealed with such Seal as aforesaid, or to be marked with some other distinguishing Mark to be devised and employed for that Purpose, and shall cause such Forms to be issued and sold as herein-after mentioned; and all Books and Documents hereby required tQ be made in Forms so sanctioned shall, if made in Forms purporting to be so sealed or marked, be taken to have been made in such Forms, unless the contrary is proved; and no Book or Document hereby required to be in a Form so sanctioned shall be admissible in Evidence in any Civil Proceeding on the Part of any Owner or Master of a Vessel unless the same purports to be so sealed or marked: Provided, that the First Set of Forms to be so issued shall be circulated amongst the Local Marine Boards and otherwise published for Six Weeks previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one no new Form shall be finally issued and brought into use, unless the same has. Three Months or upwards previously to such Issue, been circulated amongst the Local Marine Boards or otherwise published.

22. And be it enacted, That all Instruments hereby required to be made in Forms sanctioned by the " Board of Trade" shall, if made in such Forms, be exempt from Stamp Duty.

23. And be it enacted, That every Person who forges or procures to be forged or assists in forging such Seal or other distinguishing Mark as aforesaid, or who fraudulently alters or procures to be altered or assists in altering any Form issued by the " Board of Trade," with the view of evading any of the Provisions of this Act, or any Condition contained in such Form, for each Offence shall either be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or shall be liable summarily to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment not exceeding Three Months, with or without hard Labour, as the Justice or Court hearing the Case may think fit; and every Person who in any Case in which a Form sanctioned by the " Board of Trade" is hereby required, without reasonable Excuse uses any Form not purporting to be so sanctioned, or who sells, buys, or uses any Document purporting to be a Form so sanctioned, knowing the same not to be so sanctioned, or not to have been prepared and issued by the u Board of Trade," shall for etch Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

24. And be it enacted, That Examinations shall be instituted for Persons who intend to become Masters or Mates of " Foreign-going Ships," or who wish to procure Certificates of Competency herein-after mentioned; and the" Board of .Trade' *

shall

1850.

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

813

shall from Time to Time determine on a general Plan for the to be instituted Conduct thereof; and the Local Marine Boards of such Porta J^rd^£"of have in " Ships" ordinarily employed as u Foreign-going Ships Foreign-a registered Tonnage of Thirty thousand Tons or upwards, and going Ship*." such other Local Marine Boards as the Board of Trade may appoint, shall provide for the Examinations at their respective Ports, and may appoint and from Time to Time remove and re-appoint Examiners to conduct the same, and may, subject to the general Superintendence of the " Board of Trade," regulate the same, and may, subject to the Sanction of the Board of Trade, fix the Remuneration of such Examiners; provided, that if it appears to the " Board of Trade" that the Examinations for any Two or more Ports can be conducted without Inconvenience by the same Examiners, it may require and authorize the Local Marine Boards of such Ports to act together as One Board in providing for and regulating Examinations and appointing and removing Examiners for such Ports; and all Examiners shall possess Certificates of Qualification to be from Time to Time granted by the " Board of Trade," and shall adhere to the general Plan of Examination instituted by it; and the " Board of Trade " may at any Time depute any of its Officers to be present and assist at any Examination, and any Members of the Local Marine Board of the Place where the Examination is held may also be present and assist at any such Examination.

25. And be it enacted, That all Applicants for Examina- Fee* to be paid tion shall pay such Fees, not exceeding the Sums specified in b7 Applicants* Schedule (A .; , as the " Board of Trade" may direct, to such

Persons as it may appoint for that Purpose.

26. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " shall Certificates of deliver to every Applicant who is reported by the Local Ex-

aminers to have passed the Examination satisfactorily, and to those who pass, have given satisfactory Evidence of his Sobriety, Experience, &c.

Ability, and general good Conduct on Shipboard, a Certificate to the Effect that he is competent to act as Master or Mate, herein-after called a Certificate of Competency.

27. And be it enacted, That Persons who have before the Certificates of First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one

served as Masters or Mates in the British Merchant Service^ peer^ns who or who have attained or hereafter may attain the Rank of are already Lieutenant, Master, Passed Mate, or Second Master, or any Masters and higher Rank, in the Naval Service of Her Majesty or of the offic^sTn the East India Company, shall be entitled, without Payment of SemceofHer any Fee, to Certificates as Masters or Mates (as the Case may "d

be}, differing in Form from " Certificates of Competency," and company, herein-after called CC Certificates of Service;" and each of such 'Certificates shall contain Particulars of the Name, Place, and Time of Birth, and of the Length and Nature of the previous Service of the Person to whom the same is delivered; and the " Board of Trade " shall deliver to any Person who proves himself to have served as Master in such Manner and before

Master* and Mates.

Board may in some Cases give them Certificates of Competency.

Power to Board of Trade, under certain Conditions, to cancel or suspend Certificates.

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 VICT

such Time as aforesaid, or to have attained such Bank as aforesaid, and who also gives a full and satisfactory Account of the Particulars aforesaid, a " Certificate of Service " either as Master or Mate, as he may desire, and shall deliver to any Person who proves himself to have served as Mate in such Manner and before such Time as aforesaid, and who also gives a full and satisfactory Account of the Particulars aforesaid, a " Certificate of Service " as Mate; and the " Board of Trade " may also, in Cases in which it thinks fit so to do, give Certificates of Competency in lieu of Certificates of Service to any deserving Persons who have attained such Bank as above mentioned, or who before this Act comes into operation have obtained Certificates from the " Board of Trade," without requiring them to be examined.

28. And be it enacted, That if any Master or Mate is convicted of a Misdemeanor under this Act, or is superseded by the Order of a Naval Court constituted as herein-after mentioned, the " Board of Trade " may thereupon cancel or suspend his Certificate, whether of Competency or Service; and if the " Board of Trade " or any Local Marine Board has Beason to believe that any Master or Mate is from Incompetency or Misconduct unfit to discharge his Duties, such Board may either institute an Investigation, or, if expedient, the " Board of Trade " may direct the Local Marine Board at or nearest to the Place at which it may be convenient for the Parties and Witnesses to attend to institute the same; and thereupon such Persons as the " Board of Trade " may appoint for the Purpose, or, as the Case may be, the Local Marine Board, shall, with the Assistance of a Local Stipendiary Magistrate (if any), and if there is no such Magistrate, of a competent legal Assistant to be appointed by the "Board of Trade," conduct the Investigation, and may summon the Master or Mate to appear, and shall give him full Opportunity of making a Defence, either in Person or otherwise, and may exercise any of the Powers of procuring Evidence herein-after given to Special Inspectors appointed by the "Board of Trade," and shall on the Conclusion of the Investigation make a Report upon the Case to the " Board of Trade and if such Report is to the Effect that such Master or Mate is, either from Incompetency, or from habitual Drunkenness, or from tyrannical Habits, unfit to discharge his Duties, the "Board of Trade" may cancel or suspend his Certificate, whether of Competency or Service; and every Master or Mate whose Certificate is cancelled or suspended shall thereupon deliver it to the " Board of Trade," or as it may direct; and such Board may at any subsequent Time grant a fresh Certificate to any Person whose Certificate has been cancelled, and it may pay the Expense of any such Investigation as aforesaid, and may pay to such Magistrate or legal Assistant as aforesaid such Remuneration as it may deem fit: Provided always, that no Person interested in any Ship shall take part in any Investigation relating thereto or to the Conduct or Competency of any Master or Mate thereof.

29. And

1850

Mercantile Marine,

Cap. 93.

815

29. And be it enacted, That all Certificates, whether of Masters and Competency or Service, shall be made in duplicate, and one Mates.

Part shall be delivered to the Person entitled to the Certificate, R^Tstror and the other shall be kept and recorded by the Registrar of to have Notice Seamen or by such other Person as the " Board of Trade " may of Grants, Can-direct so to do; and the Board shall give to the Registrar or

such other Person immediate Notice of all Orders made by it and to record for cancelling, suspending, altering, or otherwise affecting any the same* Certificate; and the Registrar or such other Person as aforesaid shall thereupon make a corresponding Entry in the Record of Certificates; and a Copy purporting to be certified by the Duplicates Registrar or his Assistant or by such Person as aforesaid of and Entries to any Certificate shall be primd facie Evidence of such Cer- 1)6 Evidence-tificate, and a Copy purporting to be so certified as aforesaid of any Entry made as aforesaid in respect of any Certificate shall be primd facie Evidence of the Truth of the Matters stated in such Entry; and in case any Master or Mate proves to the In case of Loss Satisfaction of the " Board of Trade" that he has innocently turned10^ lost or been deprived of any Certificate already granted to him, the Board shall, upon Payment of such Fee (if any) as it may direct, cause a Copy of the Certificate to which by the Record so kept as aforesaid he appears to be entitled to be made out and certified as aforesaid, and to be delivered to him, and any Copy which purports to be so made and certified as aforesaid shall have all the Effect of the Original.

30. And be it enacted, That no " Foreign-going Ship " shall Foreign-go to Sea, unless the Master and the First and Second Mates ^e^to &d° or the only Mate (as the Case may be), if engaged to serve in without Pro-thoee Capacities at the Commencement of the Voyage, have diction of the obtained and possess valid Certificates either of Competency or ^Mi^and Service appropriate to their several Stations; and no Officer Mates.

of Customs shall clear Outwards any such " Ship " or permit any such Ship " to proceed to Sea unless such appropriate Certificates are produced to him; and the Tide-waiters left on board shall be maintained at the Expense of the Master or Owner until such Certificates are produced, and Clearance may be delayed till such Expense is satisfied.

31. And be it enacted, That every Person who makes or Penalties for procures to be made or assists in making any false Repre- fal^ Keprcsen-sentation for the Purpose of obtaining for himself or for any tatlous; other Person a Certificate either of Competency or Service, Or for forging or who fraudulently forges or alters, or procures to be forged or d*or !u-altered, or assists in forging or altering, any such Certificate a^Ccruficate or any official Copy of any such Certificate, or who fraudulently

makes use of any such Certificate or any Copy of any such Certificate which is forged, altered, cancelled, suspended, or to which he is not justly entitled, for each Offence shall either be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or shall be liable summarily to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment not exceeding Three Months, with or without hard Labour, as the Justice or Court hearing the Case may think fit; and every

for neglecting to give up Certificate when cancelled; and for going to Sea without Certificate.

VII.

JRegittration.

Transfer to Board of Trade of Control over Registrar.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. S&6W.4. c. 19.

So much of 7 & 8 Vict c. 112. as relates to Register Tickets dispensed with.

Power to alter or abolish the Office.

Treasury to regulate Salaries.

Registry, how to be kept in future.

Shipping Masters and other Officers to transmit Documents to Registrar, to be preserved.

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 Vicii

every Person who neglects or refuses to give up a cancelled or suspended Certificate when required by the "Board of Trade" so to do, or who, having been engaged to serve as Master or as First or Second or only Mate of any " Foreign-going Ship," goes to Sea as such Master or Mate without being at the Time entitled to and possessed of a valid and appropriate Certificate, or who employs any Person as Master or Mate of any such " Ship " as aforesaid knowing him not to be entitled at the Time to a valid and appropriate Certificate, shall for each such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

32. And be it enacted, That all Powers of controlling and regulating the General Register and Record Office for Seamen which are given to the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral by the said " General Merchant Seamen's Act," and by an Act passed in the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend, and consolidate the Laws relating to the Merchant Seamen of the United Kingdom, and for forming and maintaining a Register of all the Men engaged in that Service, shall, from the Time when this Act comes into operation, be vested in the " Board of Trade; and such Board may, with the Concurrence of the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners, dispense with the Observance of all or any of those Parts of the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " which relate to Register Tickets of " Seamen;" and such Board may direct the Performance by the Registrar of Seamen of any other Duties than those now imposed on him, or may unite his Office and Duties with any other Office and Duties relating to the Merchant Service, or may abolish his Office, and direct any Duties thereof which the Board may think it desirable to continue to be performed by such Persons, being Servants or Agents of the Board, and in such Manner as the Board may think fit; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may make any Alterations in the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances of the Registrar, his Assistants and Clerks, and may regulate the Salaries or Allowances to be paid to them or to any other Persons for performing any of his or their continuing Duties.

33. And be it enacted, That the Registrar of Seamen bt such other Person as the " Board of Trade " may direct so to do shall, so far as by means of the Documents transmitted to him he is able so to do, keep a Record of such Particulars relating to Persons in the Merchant Service as are now recorded by him, or such other Record of Matters relating to such Persons as the Board may direct.

34. And be it enacted, That all Shipping Masters and Officers of Customs shall take charge of all Documents which are delivered or transmitted to or retained by them in pursuance of this Act, and shall keep them for such Time (if any) as may be necessary for the Purpose of settling any Business arising

at

1850.

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

at the Place, or for any other proper Purpose, and shall, if required, produce them for any of such Purposes, and shall then transmit them, excepting Log Books, to the Registrar of Seamen, or to such other Person as the "Board of Trade" may direct, to be by him recorded and preserved; and the Registrar, or such other Person as the Board may intrust with the Custody of any such Document, shall, on Payment of a moderate Fee to be fixed by the Board, or without Payment of any Fee if the Board so direct, allow any Person to inspect the same, and, in Cases in which the Production of the Original in any Court of Justice or elsewhere is essential, produce the same, and in other Cases make and deliver to any Person requiring it a certified Copy thereof or of any Part thereof; and every Copy purporting to be so made and certified shall be received in Evidence, and shall have all the Effect of the Original of which it purports to be a Copy.

35. And be it enacted, That in every Seaport in the " United Kingdom " in which there is a Local Marine Board such Board shall establish a Shipping Office or Shipping Offices, and may procure the requisite Premises, and appoint, and from Time to Time remove and re-appoint. Superintendents of such Offices, to be called Shipping Masters, with any necessary Deputies, Clerks, and Servants, and fix and from Time to Time alter their Salaries and Wages, and regulate the Mode of conducting Business at such Offices, and have complete Control over the same, subject to the Approval and immediate Direction of the " Board of Trade " so far as regards the Number of Persons appointed, the Amount of Salaries and Wages, and the Receipt and Payment of Money; and, subject as aforesaid, every Shipping Master shall obey the Directions of the Local Marine Board by which he is appointed; and all Shipping Masters, Deputies, Clerks, and Servants shall before entering upon their Duties give such Security (if any) for the due Performance thereof as the " Board of Trade " may require; and every Act done by or before any Deputy duly appointed shall have the same Effect as if done by or before the Shipping Master: Provided, that if in any Case any Two Members of any Local Marine Board complain to the " Board of Trade " that any Shipping Master, Deputy, Clerk, or Servant appointed by such Local Marine Board does not properly discharge his Duties, the CC Board of Trade " may investigate the Case, and may, if the Complaint is substantiated, remove him from his Office, and may provide for the proper Performance of his Duties until another Person is properly appointed in his Place.

36. And be it enacted, That it shall be the general Business of Shipping Masters appointed as aforesaid to afford Facilities for engaging " Seamen " by keeping Registries of their Names and Characters, to superintend and facilitate their Engagement and Discharge in manner herein-after mentioned, to provide Means for securing the Presence on board at the proper Times of Men who are so engaged, and to perform such other Duties

3 F 2 in

817

Registration.

Registrar to permit Inspection, to produce Originals, and give Copies.

VIII.

Shipping

Office*.

Local Boards may establish and regulate Shipping Offices.

Business of such Offices generally.

Mercantile Marine.

Shipping

Office.

Business may be transferred from Customs to Shipping Masters.

Fees to be paid upon Engagements and Discharges, not exceeding Sums in Schedule B.

Masters to pay Fees, and to deduct Part from Wages.

Schedule C.

Shipping Masters taking other Remuneration to be liable to Penalty.

Forms issued by the Board to be sold at Shipping Offices.

Business of Shipping Offices may be transacted at CustomHouscs.

Cap. 93.

13 & 14 Vict.

in respect of " Seamen " as are hereby or may hereafter be committed to them.

37. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade" may, with the Consent of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Customs, cause any Duties relating to " Seamen " or Apprentices which are now performed by Officers of Customs to be transferred to and performed by Shipping Masters appointed under this Act.

38. And be it enacted, That Fees shall be payable upon Engagements and Discharges which in pursuance of this Act are to be effected before Shipping Masters as herein-after mentioned, so nevertheless that such Fees shall not exceed the Sums specified in Schedule B .; and, subject to such Restriction, the " Board of Trade " shall fix and may alter the Amount of such Fees, and shall cause Scales thereof to be prepared, and to be conspicuously placed in the Shipping Offices; and all Shipping Masters, their Deputies, Clerks, and Servants, may refuse to proceed with any Engagement or Discharge unless the Fees payable thereon are first paid.

39. And be it enacted, That every Owner or Master of a tc Ship " engaging or discharging any Crew or " Seaman " in a Shipping Office or before a Shipping Master shall pay to the Shipping Master the whole of the Fees hereby made payable in respect of such Engagement or Discharge, and may, notwithstanding anything in the " Seamen's Protection Act " contained, for the Purpose of in part reimbursing himself, deduct, in respect of each such Engagement or Discharge, from the Wages of all Persons (except Apprentices) so engaged or discharged, and retain, any Sums not exceeding the Sums specified in that Behalf in Schedule C.

40. And be it enacted, That any Shipping Master, Deputy Shipping Master, Clerk, or Servant who demands or receives any Remuneration whatever, either directly or indirectly, for hiring, supplying, or providing any " Seaman 99 for any Merchant Ship, excepting the lawful Fees payable under this Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

41. And be it enacted, That the "Board of Trade" shall cause printed Forms of all Agreements, Advance Notes, Allotment Notes, Receipts, Discharges, Official Log Books, and other Documents which in pursuance of this Act are issued or sanctioned by the Board for the Use of Persons engaged in or connected with the Merchant Service, to be supplied or sold at all Shipping Offices, at such Times, to such Persons, at such moderate Prices (if any), and in such Manner as the Board may direct, or by such other Persons as it may license so to do.

42. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " may, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, direct that at any Place in which no separate Shipping Office is established the whole or any Part of the Business of the Shipping Office shall be conducted at the Custom House,

and

Mercantile Marine.

819

Cap. 93.

and thereupon the same shall be there conducted accordingly; Skipping and in respect of such Business such Custom House shall for Offices. all Purposes be deemed to be a Shipping Office, and the Officer of the Customs there to whom such Business is committed shall for all Purposes be deemed to be a Shipping Master, within the Meaning of this Act.

43. And whereas it is expedient to encourage Sailors Homes The Board

in the Seaports of the 41 United Kingdom:"' Be it enacted, may authorise That if the uBoard of Trade" or any Local Marine Board appoints any Superintendent or other Person connected with reUin Fees; any such Home to be a Shipping Master, or constitutes any Office in any such Horae a Shipping Office for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, the " Board of Trade " may authorize the whole or any Portion of the Fees paid at any such Office to be appropriated for the Use of such Home: Provided and may ap-also, that in the Port of London the " Board of Trade " may appoint any Superintendent of any Sailors Home, or any other Person connected therewith, to be a Shipping Master, with such Deputies, Clerks, and Servants as may be necessary, and may appoint any Office in any such Home to be a Shipping Office, and may from Time to Time revoke and alter such Appoint^ ments; and all Shipping Masters, Deputies, Clerks, and Servants so appointed, and all Shipping Offices so constituted, in the Port of London, shall be subject to the immediate Control of the " Board of Trade," and not to the Local Marine Board of the Port.

44. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " may The Board may from Time to Time in any Case or Class of Cases dispense j^rith with the Transaction before a Shipping Master or in a Shipping the* Shipping Office of any Matters required by this Act to be so transacted; Muster's Super-and thereupon such Matters shall, if duly transacted as other- wtiudenee. wise required by Law, be as valid as if transacted before a Shipping Master or in a Shipping Office.

45. And be it enacted, That so much of the SC General Mer- IX-chant Seamen's Act " as relates to Agreements with " Seamen " Stanea^and shall be repealed from the Time when so much of this Act Commencement as relates to the same Particulars comes into operation, except of Employment. as to Agreements entered into and Liabilities and Penalties ftvpedofso incurred before that Time; and that such of the Provisions much of 7 & of the same Act as relate to the Delivery and Production of the Agreements thereby required to any Consular or Naval Agilement^ Officer or Officer of Customs abroad, and to Endorsements ss. s, s, 4, 5, to be made thereon by any such Officer, shall apply to the 53# 55>56* Agreements hereby required.

46. And be it enacted, That every Master of a Ship " shall. Agreements to on carrying any " Seaman " to Sea as one of his Crew, enter

into an Agreement with him in the Manner herein-after men- uining certain tioned; and every such Agreement shall be in a Form to be Particulars, sanctioned and issued by the " Board of Trade," and shall be dated at the Time of the First Signature thereof, and shall be

820

Mercantile Marine.

Engagement of Seamen,

For Foreign-going Ships such Agreements, except in special Cases, to be made before and attested by a Shipping Master;

to be in Duplicate $ one Copy to be retained, the other for the Master.

Provision for Engagements abroad and for Substitutes.

Cap. 93.

13 & 14 VICT.

Bigned by the Master before any " Seaman* signs the same, and shall contain the following Particulars as Terms thereof;

1. The Nature, and, as far as practicable, the Length of the

Voyage or Engagement on which the " Ship " is to be employed:

2. The Time at which each " Seaman is to be on board or to begin Work:

3. The Capacity in which each " Seaman " is to serve:

4. The Amount of Wages which each " Seaman " is to re-

ceive:

5. A Scale of the Provisions which are to be furnished to

each " Seaman:"

6. Any Regulations as to Conduct on board, and as to Fines,

short Allowance of Provisions, or other lawful Punishments for Misconduct, which have been sanctioned by the "Board of Trade" as Regulations proper to be adopted, and which the Parties agree to adopt:

And shall be so framed as to admit of Stipulations, to be adopted at the Will of the Master and " Seaman " in each Case, as to Advance and Allotment of Wages; and may contain any other Stipulations which are not contrary to Law.

47. And be it enacted, That with respect to <f Foreign-going Ships," every Agreement (except in the special Cases of Agreements made out of the United Kingdom" and of Agreements with Substitutes herein-after mentioned) shall be Bigned by each " Seaman " in the Presence of a Shipping Master; and such Shipping Master shall cause the Agreement to be read over and explained to each " Seaman," or otherwise ascertain that each " Seaman " understands the same, before he signs it, and shall attest each Signature; and when the Crew is first engaged the Agreement shall be signed in Duplicate; and one Part shall be retained by the Shipping Master, and the other Part shall contain a special Place or Form for the Descriptions and Signatures of Substitutes or Persons engaged subsequently to the first Departure of the " Ship," and shall be delivered to the Master; and in the special Cases of " Seamen " engaged out of the " United Kingdom," and of Substitutes engaged in the Place of " Seamen " who have duly signed the Agreement, and whose Services are lost within Twenty-four Hours of the " Ship's " putting to Sea, by Death, Desertion, or other unforeseen Cause, the Engagement may, when practicable, be made before some Official Shipping Master duly appointed either in the "United Kingdom" or in Her Majesty's Dominions abroad for the Purpose of shipping " Seamen," and in the Manner herein-before specified for ordinary Cases happening in the " United Kingdom and in such special Cases, whenever the Engagement is not so made, the Master shall, before the " Ship " puts to Sea, if practicable, and if not, as soon afterwards as possible, cause the Agreement to be read over and explained to the u Seaman," either before some " Consular Officer," or before some Officer of Customs, or on board the

" Ship

1860.

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

"Ship;" and the "Seaman" shall thereupon sign the same in the Presence of such Officer, or of some other Witness, who shall attest his Signature; provided, that nothing herein contained shall dispense with the Sanction for shipping " Seamen" at Foreign Ports required by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act."

48. And be it enacted, That with respect to " Home Trade Ships," Crews or single " Seamen " may, if the Master thinks fit, be engaged or discharged before a Shipping Master in the Manner herein-before directed with respect to " Foreign going Ships;" and in every Case in which the Engagement is not so made the Master shall, before the " Ship " puts to Sea, if practicable, and if not, as soon afterwards as possible, cause the Agreement to be read over and explained to each " Seaman," and the " Seaman " shall thereupon sign the same in the Presence of a Witness, who shall attest his Signature.

49. And be it enacted, That every Erasure, Interlineation, or Alteration in any such Agreement as aforesaid (except Additions so made as herein-before directed for shipping Substitutes or Persons engaged subsequently to the first Departure of the " Ship ") shall be wholly inoperative, unless proved to have been made with the Consent of all the Persons interested by the written Attestation (if made in Her Majesty's Dominions) of some Shipping Master, Justice, Officer of the Customs, or other public Functionary, or (if made out of Her Majesty's Dominions) of a " Consular Officer," or, where there is no " Consular Officer," of Two respectable British Merchants.

50. And be it enacted, That in the Case of " Foreign-going Ships " the Master shall, before quitting the first Port of Departure, produce and show to the Collector or Comptroller of Customs the Agreement so signed and attested as aforesaid, and no Officer of Customs shall clear any such " Ship " Outwards or permit any such " Ship " to proceed to Sea without such Production; and the Master shall also, within Forty-eight Hours after the " Ship's " Arrival at her final Port of Destination in the " United Kingdom," or upon the Discharge of the Crew, whichever first happens, deliver such Agreement to the Shipping Master, or, if there is no Shipping Master, to the Collector or Comptroller of Customs; and the Shipping Master or Officer of Customs shall thereupon give to the Master a Certificate of such Delivery; and no Officer of Customs shall clear Inwards any " Foreign-going Ship " without the Production of such Certificate; and in every Case in which any such " Ship " is delayed for Want of the Production of any Agreement or Certificate of the Delivery thereof the Tide-waiters left on board shall be maintained at the Expense of the Master or Owner until the same is produced, and Clearance may be delayed till such Expense is satisfied.

51. And be it enacted, That in the Case of " Home Trade Ships" no Agreement shall extend beyond the next following Thirtieth Day of June or Thirty-first Day of December, or the

821

Engagement of Seamen,

In Home Trade Ships the Agreement to be entered into either before a Shipping Master or on board.

Alterations to be void unless attested to hare been made with the Consent of all Parties.

Agreements to be produced by Foreign-going Ships, on Departure, and delivered on Arrival;

otherwise they are not to be cleared Inwards.

Agreements to be produced by Home Trade Ships half-yearly;

822

Mercantile Marine.

Engagement of Seamen.

otherwise they are not to receive Transire, &c.

Seamen not bound to produce Agreement or Copy.

Seamen not to lose Lien for Wages.

Certain Stipulations to be void.

Copy of Agreement to be made accessible to Crew.

Penalties on Masters; for taking Seamen to Sea without Agreement;

for Non-production of Agreement;

or not giving Agreement to Crew;

for falsifying Agreement.

Cap. 93.

13 & 14 Vict.

first Arrival of the " Ship " at her final Port of Destination in the United Kingdom " after such Date; and the Owner or Master of every such " Ship " shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Thirtieth Day of June and the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year, transmit or deliver to some Shipping Master or Officer of Customs in the " United Kingdom99 every Agreement made within the Six Calendar Months next preceding such Days respectively; and the Shipping Master or Officer of Customs shall thereupon give to the Master or Owner a Certificate of such Transmission or Delivery; and no Officer of Customs shall give to the Master or Owner of any such " Ship99 as aforesaid a Transire or any other Customs Document necessary for the Conduct thereof without the Production of such Certificate.

52. And be it enacted, That any " Seaman " may bring forward Evidence to prove the Contents of any Agreement or otherwise to support his Case without producing or giving Notice to produce the Agreement or any Copy thereof.

53. And be it enacted, That no " Seaman " shall by reason of any Agreement forfeit his Lien upon the Ship, or be deprived of any Remedy for the Recovery of his Wages to which he would otherwise have been entitled; and every Stipulation which is inconsistent with any Provision of this Act or of any other Act relating to Merchant " Seamen," and every Stipulation by which any " Seaman " consents to abandon his Right to Wages in the Case of the Loss of the Ship, or to abandon any Right which he may have or obtain in the Nature of Salvage, shall be wholly inoperative.

54. And be it enacted, That the Master shall at the Commencement of every Voyage or Engagement cause a legible Copy of the Agreement (omitting the Signatures) to be placed on board in such a Manner as to be accessible to the Crew.

55. And be it enacted, That if in any Case any " Seaman99 is carried to Sea without entering into an Agreement in the Form and Manner and at the Place and Time hereby in such Case required, or if any Agreement or such Copy thereof as aforesaid is not delivered or transmitted to a Shipping Master or Officer of Customs at the Time and in the Manner hereby directed, the Master in the Case of a " Foreign-going Ship," and the Master or Owner in the Case of " a Home Trade Ship," shall for each of such Offences be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if a Copy of the Agreement is not placed on board in the Manner herein before directed, the Master shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and every Person who fraudulently alters or procures to be altered, or assists in altering, or makes or procures to be made, or assists in making, any false Entry in, or delivers or procures to be delivered or assists in delivering a false Copy of any Agreement, for each such Offence shall either be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or shall be liable summarily to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment not exceeding

185a

Mercantile Marine.

823

Cap. 93.

exceeding Three Months, with or without hard Labour, as the Engagement of Justice or Court hearing the Case may think fit Seamen.

56. And be it enacted, That a " Seaman's" Right to Wages Riffht to Wages and Provisions shall be taken to commence either at the Time and Provision^ at which he commences Work or at the Time specified in the when beSin* Agreement for his Commencement of Work or Presence on

board, whichever first happens: Provided, that this Enactment shall not prejudice the Infliction of any lawful Punishment,

Forfeiture, or Fine; nor shall any "Seaman" be entitled to Wages for any Period during which he refuses or neglects to work when required, whether before or after the Time fixed by the Agreement for his beginning Work.

57. And be it enacted, That any " Seaman" who has signed Seamen d»-

an Agreement, and who is discharged before the Commencement charged before of the Voyage, or before One Month's Wages are earned, with- toti1^Te

out Fault on his Part justifying such Discharge, and without

his Consent, shall be entitled to receive from the Master or Owner, in addition to any Wages he may have earned, due Compensation for the Damage thereby caused to him, not exceeding One Month's Wages, and may, on adducing such Evidence as the Justice hearing the Case may deem satisfactory of his having been so improperly discharged as aforesaid, recover such Compensation as if it were Wages duly earned.

58. And be it enacted, That so much of the " Seamen's Pro- X. tection Act" as relates to Advance of Wages and Advance

Notes shall be repealed from the Time when those Parts of Wages.0

this Act which relate to the same Particulars come into ope- -

ration, except as to Advances made and Advance Notes given before that Time.

59. And be it enacted, That no Advance Note shall be made Regulation of except in Forms sanctioned by the "Board of Trade," which Advances and are to contain Blanks for the Number of Days within which Advance Notes, the Notes are to be payable and such other Blanks as may be necessary; and no such Form shall be altered except by duly

filling up the Blanks therein; and no Advance of Wages shall be made or Advance Note given to any Person but the " Seaman" himself; and no Advance of Wages shall be made or Advance Note given unless the Agreement contains a Stipulation for the same and an accurate Statement of the Amount thereof; and no Advance Note shall be given to any " Seaman" who signs the Agreement before a Shipping Master, except in the Presence of such Shipping Master, or, except in the Case of a Substitute, until Four Hours after the Agreement has been so signed.

60. And be it enacted, That if any Advance of Wages is Advances made made or any Advance Note given to any " Seaman " in any contrary to the such Manner as to constitute a Breach of any of the above Provisions, the Wages of such " Seaman" shall be recoverable by Discharge of ° him as if no such Advance had been made or promised; and in Wages, the Case of any Advance Note so given no Person shall be sued thereon unless he was a Party to such Breach.

61. And

L.

Engagement of Stamen.

Advance Notes to be receipted when discounted; and may be sued on summarily s

Cap. 93.

Mercantile Martne.

13 & 14 Vice.

certain Evidence to be sufficient.

Stipulations for Allotment to be inserted in Agreements.

XI. Health, j*c. on Voyage,

Nine Feet Superficial Space appropriated to each Seaman, and to be properly constructed.

Board to issue Scale of Medicines according to 7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. s. 18.

Board may dispense with Lime Juice, &c. in certain Cases.

61. And be it enacted, That whenever any Advance Note is discounted for any " Seaman" such " Seaman" shall sign or set his Mark to a Receipt endorsed on the Note, stating the Sum actually paid or accounted for to him by the Person discounting the same; and such Person may, after the Expiration of Ten Days from the final Departure of the " Ship" from her last Port of Departure in the " United Kingdom," sue for and recover the Amount promised by the Note, with Costs, either from the Owner or from any Agent who has drawn or authorized the drawing of such Note, either in the County Court or in the summary Manner in which " Seamen" are by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " enabled to sue for Mid recover Wages not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in any such Proceeding it shall be sufficient for such Person to prove that the Note was given by the Owner or by the Master or some other authorized Agent, and that the same was discounted to and receipted by the " Seamanand the Seaman" shall be presumed to have gone to Sea with the Ship," and to have duly earned or to be duly earning his Wages, unless the contrary is proved, either by the Production of his Register Ticket, or by the Official Statement of the Change in the Crew caused by his Absence made and signed by the Master as herein-after required, or in some other Manner.

62. And be it enacted, That all Stipulations for the Alloir meat of any Part of the Wages of a " Seaman " during his Absence shall be inserted in the Agreement, and shall state the Amounts and Times of the Payments to be made; and all Allotment Notes shall be in Forms sanctioned by the " Board of Trade."

63. And be it enacted, That every Place in any " Ship " occupied by " Seamen " or Apprentices, and appropriated to their Use, shall have a Space of not less than Nine Superficial Feet for every Adult measured on the Deck or Floor of such Place, which shall be kept free from Stores or Goods of any kind not being their Personal Property in use during the Voyage; and every such Place shall be securely and properly constructed and well ventilated.

64. And be it enacted, That the Duty of issuing a Scale of Medicines and Medicaments, which is by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " imposed on the Lord High Admiral or of the Commissioners for executing his Office, shall be transferred to the " Board Trade."

65. And be it enacted, That in the Case of "Ships" bound to any Ports in " Her Majesty's Dominions " in North America the "Board of Trade" may, by general Regulations, dispense with the Observance of so much of the w General Merchant Seamen's Act " as relates to Lime or Lemon Juice, Sugar, and Vinegar, and may limit such Dispensation to any Class of such " Ships," and impose any Conditions it may think fit, and may revoke any such Dispensation.

66. And

1850.

Mercantile Marine.

825

Cap. 93<

66. And be it enacted, That the "Board of Trade" and the Local Marine Boards may appoint proper Medical Inspectors to inspect the4 Medicines, Medicaments, Lime or Lemon Juice, Sugar, and Vinegar required by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act," and may, subject to the Sanction of the " Board of Trade," fix the Remuneration of such Persons; and such Medical Inspectors shall for the Purposes of such Inspection have the same Powers as the Special Inspectors herein-after mentioned; and whenever any such Medical Inspector reports to the Collector or Comptroller of Customs in any Port, and at the same Time to the Master, Owner, or Consignee of any " Ship " lying therein which is required to carry Such Articles, that in such "Ship" the said Articles or any of them are deficient in Quantity or Quality, or are placed in improper Vessels, the Master of such " Smp," before proceeding to Sea, shall produce to such Collector or Comptroller a Certificate under the Hand of such Medical Inspector or of some other Medical Inspector, to the Effect that such Deficiency has been supplied or remedied, or that Such improper Vessels have been replaced by proper Vessels, as the Case may be; and if such " Ship " proceeds to Sea without the Production of such Certificate, the Owner, Master, or Consignee thereof shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided, that every such Inspector, if required by timely Notice in Writing from the Master, Owner, or Consignee, shall make his Inspection Three Days at least before the "Ship" proceeds to Sea, and if the Result of the Inspection is satisfactory shall not again make Inspection before the Commencement of the Voyage, unless he has Reason to suspect that some of the Articles inspected have been subsequently removed, injured, or destroyed.

67. And be it enacted, That any Person who sells or supplies any Medicines, Medicaments, Lime or Lemon Juice, of bad Quality, for the Use of any Ship, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

68. And be it enacted, That every Master shall keep on board proper Weights and Measures, for the Purpose of determining the Quantities of the several Provisions and Articles served out, and shall allow the same to be used at the Time of serving out in the Presence of a Witness, whenever any Dispute arises about such Quantities.

69. And be it enacted, That if any Place in any " Ship" occupied by "Seamen" or Apprentices, and appropriated to their Use, is not in the whole sufficiently large to jjive such "Space as herein-before required, or if any such Place is not securely and properly constructed and well ventilated, the Owner shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any such Space as aforesaid is not kept free from Goods and Stores as aforesaid, or if proper Weights and Measures are not kept or allowed to be used as hereinbefore directed, the Master shall for every Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

7a And

Healthy $*c. on Voyage.

Board of Trade and Local Boards may appoint Inspectors of Medicines, who are to see that Ships are properly supplied.

Persons selling bad Drugs liable to Penalty.

Masters to keep Weights and Measures on board.

Penalties for Want of Space;

for impioper Construction or Ventilation;

for not keeping Weights and Measures.

Mercantile Marine.

13 & 14 VICT.

XII.

Provisions for checking Desertion.

Refusal to join, and Desertion, Three Months Imprisonment;

with Power to Justice to send the Offender on board.

Master or Owner may give Deserters, &c. in charge without Warrant.

On Voyage Seamen found absent without Leave may be carried on board.

Cap. 93.

70. And be it enacted, That if any " Seaman," after signing the Agreement as herein-before required, or any Apprentice, wilfully neglects or refuses to join his " Ship," or deserts, and then or afterwards is found or arrives at any Place in which there is a Court or Justice capable of exercising Jurisdiction under this Act, he shall, on due Proof of the Offence, and, when practicable, of a proper Entry thereof in the Official Log Book, be summarily punished by Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Twelve Weeks, with or without hard Labour, at the Discretion of the Court or Justice inflicting the same; provided that, in case the Master or the Owner or his Agent so requires, such Court or Justice may, instead of committing the Offender to Prison, cause him to be conveyed on board for the Purpose of proceeding on the Voyage, or may deliver him to the Master or any Mate of the " Ship," or the Owner or his Agent, to be by them so conveyed, and may in such Case order any Costs and Expenses properly incurred by or on behalf of the Master or Owner by reason of the Offence to be paid by the Offender, and, if necessary, to be deducted from any Wages which he may have then earned, or which by virtue of his then existing Engagement he may afterwards earn.

71. And be it enacted, That whenever a " Seaman" or Apprentice neglects or refuses to join, or absents himself without Leave or deserts from, any a Ship " in which he is engaged to serve, the Master or any Mate, or the Owner, Ship's Husband, or Consignee, may, for the Purpose of carrying him before a Justice, apprehend or require any Police Officer or Constable to apprehend him, without first procuring a Warrant, but so nevertheless as not to detain him in Custody more than Twenty-four Hours, or such shorter Time as may in the particular Case be reasonable, before the Case is heard or a proper Warrant is procured; but if any such Apprehension appears to the Court or Justice before whom the Case is brought to have been made on improper or on insufficient Grounds, the Master, Mate, Owner, Ship's Husband, or Consignee who made the same, or caused the same to be made, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

72. And be it enacted, That if in the course of a Voyage any " Seaman " or Apprentice is found absenting himself from his " Ship" without Leave, the Master or any Mate, or the Owner, Ship's Husband, or Consignee, may, in any Place in Her Majesty's Dominions, with or without the Assistance of the local Authorities, who are hereby directed to give the same, if required, and also at any Place out of Her Majesty's Dominions, if and so far as the Laws in force at such Place will permit, apprehend him, and shall thereupon, if he so requires, and if practicable, convey him before some Court or Justice capable of hearing his Complaint, to be dealt with according to Law, or may, if he does not so require, or if there is no such Court or Justice at or near the Place, at once convey him on board.

73. And

1850. Mercantile Marine. Cap. 93. 827

73. And be it enacted, That such Wages or Parts of Wages

forfeited for Desertion as are, by the Section of the " General " *

Merchant Seaman's Act" numberedIX. in the Copy printed by -

the Queen's Printer, applicable to the Reimbursement of the Expenses occasioned by such Desertion to the Master or Owner be recoverable of the " Ship" from which the " Seaman" has deserted, may be by Master, &c. recovered by such Master or by the Owner or his Agent in

the same Manner as the " Seaman " might have recovered the Desertion. ° same if they had not been forfeited; and any Court or Justice 7 & s Vict. may in any Proceeding relating to such Wages order the same c*112, 9* to be paid accordingly.

74. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Desertion from Entries and

any " Ship " in any Place abroad the Master shall produce the of

Entry of such Desertion in the Official Log Book to the Person ab^dl°0nbc or Persons required by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " copied, sent to endorse on the Agreement a Certificate of such Desertion;

and such Person or Persons shall thereupon make and certify a e dence.m Copy of such Entry and also a Copy of the said Certificate of 7 & s Vict. Desertion; and if such Person is a public Functionary he shall, c-n- "*9*46* and in other Cases the said Master shall, forthwith transmit such Copies to the Registrar of Seamen in England; and the said Registrar shall, if required, cause the same to be produced in any legal Proceeding; and such Copies, if purporting to be so made and certified as aforesaid, and if shown to have come from the Custody of the said Registrar, shall in any legal Proceeding relating to such Desertion be received as Evidence of the Entries therein appearing.

75. And be it enacted, That if any " Seaman" on or before False Statement being engaged wilfully and fraudulently makes a false State- M10 Iast ShiP ment of the Name of his last " Ship " or last alleged " Ship," or be wilfully and fraudulently makes a false Statement of his own

Name, he shall forfeit out of the Wages he may cam by virtue of such Engagement a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Sum shall, subject to Reimbursement of the Loss and Expenses (if any) occasioned by any previous Desertion, be paid to the " Board of Trade."

76. And be it enacted, That the " Board of Trade " may, Board may by Regulations duly published, dispense with the Necessity of sSloafor* obtaining such Sanctions for the Discharge of " Seamen " in Discharge of " Her Majesty's Dominions " abroad as are required by the Men in c.o]o- General Merchant Seamen's Act," and may limit such Dis- {^XTvict. pensations to any particular Class of " Ships" or Voyages, and c. 121.«. 46. may impose any Conditions it may think fit, and may revoke

any such Dispensation; and whilst any such Dispensation is in force any Master, whose Agreement permits of his so doing, may discharge his Crew or any Members thereof, without such Sanction as aforesaid, in any Place to which such Dispensation may apply.

77. And be .it enacted, That any Master or Mate of, or any Di^}^on

M Seaman" or Apprentice belonging to, any British " Ship," who Voyagt.0* by wilful Breach of Duty, or by Neglect of Duty, or by reason -

Misconduct endangering the

828

Ship or Life or Limb a Misdemeanor.

Certain Offences to be punishable on Arrival in Port-

Theft, or wilful Damage;

Assaulting Officers; Disobedience; Continued Disobedience or Neglect of Duty;

Combining to disobey or neglect Duty.

Fines to be deducted from Wages, and paid to Shipping Master.

[Penalty.]

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 Vict.

of Drunkenness, does any Act tending to the immediate Loss, Destruction, or serious Damage of such "Ship," or tending immediately to endanger the Life or Limb of any Person belonging to or on board of such " Ship," or who by wilful Breach of Duty, or by Neglect of Duty, or by reason of Drunkenness, refuses or omits to do any lawful Act proper and requisite to be done by him for preserving such " Ship " from immediate Loss, Destruction, or serious Damage, or for preserving any Person belonging to or on board of such " Ship" from immediate Danger to Life or Limb, shall for each such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

78. And be it enacted, That any " Seaman " or Apprentice who whilst on Service commits any of the following Offences, and who then is or afterwards arrives or is found at any Place in which there iS a Court or Justice capable of exercising summary Jurisdiction under this Act, may, on due Proof of the Offence, and of such Entry thereof in the Log Book as hereinafter directed, be summarily punished by Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, not exceeding in Duration the several Periods following; (that is to say,)

1. Twelve Weeks for wilfully damaging the " Ship," or embezzling or wilfully damaging any of her Stores or Cargo:

2. Twelve Weeks for assaulting any Master or Mate:

3. Four Weeks for wilful Disobedience to any lawful Command:

4. Twelve Weeks for continued wilful Disobedience to lawful Commands, or for continued wilful Neglect of Duty:

5. Twelve Weeks for combining with any other or others of the Crew to disobey lawful Commands, or to neglect Duty, or to impede the Navigation of the " Ship " or the Progress of the Voyage:

Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall take away or abridge any Powers which a Master has over his Crew-

79. And be it enacted, That whenever any Act of Misconduct is committed which is by the Agreement subject to a Fine, the appropriate Fine shall, if an Entry of the Offence is made and attested in the Official Log Book as herein-after directed, and if the Offence is proved to the Satisfaction of the Shipping Master to whom the Fine is to be paid, be deducted from the Wages of the Offender; and the Master or Owner shall pay over every Fine so deducted as follows; that is to say, in the Case of "Foreign-going Ships" to the Shipping Master before whom the Crew is discharged, and in the Case of " Home Trade Ships" to the Shipping Master at or nearest to the Place at which the Crew is discharged; and any Master or Owner who neglects or refuses to pay over any such Fine as aforesaid shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Six Times the Amount of the Fine retained by him: Provided always, that if, before the final Discharge of the Crew in the United Kindom, any such Offender as aforesaid enters

into

issa

889

Mercantile Marine. Cap. 93.

into any of Her Majesty's Ships, or is discharged abroad, the jMtdpHne m Offence shall then be proved to the Satisfaction of the Officer Hw* in command of the Ship into which he so enters, or of the Consular Officer, Officer of Customs, or other Person by whose Sanction he is so discharged; and the Fine shall thereupon be deducted as aforesaid; and an Entry of such Deduction shall then be made in the Official Log Book, and signed by such Officer or other Person; and such Fine shall, on the Return of the Ship to the United Kingdom, in the Case of " Foreign-going Ships," be paid to the Shipping Master before whom the Crew is discharged, and in the Case of " Home Trade Ships " to the Shipping Master at or nearest to the Place at which the Crew is discharged.

80. And be it enacted, That whenever in any Proceeding Both Imprison-

under the General Merchant Seamen's Act or this Act any ment and For-Question arises concerning any Offence committed by a " Sea* j^.

man " or Apprentice which is punishable under either of such tice so requires. Acts, the Court or Justice hearing the same may, if the Justice of the Case requires, order the Offender to be punished, both by lawful Imprisonment appropriate to the Case, and, in addition, may make such Order in regard of Wages accruing due in the meantime as to such Court or Justice may seem fit.

81. And be it enacted, That no M Seaman" or Apprentice No Allowance shall be entitled to any pecuniary Allowance on account of any for Reduction Reduction in the Quantity of Provisions furnished to him during ^uri^Neg^ect such Time as be wilfully and without sufficient Cause refuses or of Duty or neglects to perform his Duty, or is lawfully under Confinement Confinement, or for Misconduct either on bodrd or on shore, or during such y, &A8g^j^ent' Time as such Quantity may be reduced in accordance with c. 112. s.12. any Regulation for Reduction by way of Punishment contained

in the Agreement.

82. And be it enacted, That if, whilst any " Ship " is out of XIV.

w Her Majesty's Dominions," a Complaint is made by the Master Naw* c<3urt °* or by any of the certificated Mates, or by One Third or more oyagt' of the " Seamen " in her Crew, or by the Consignee, to any Narii Court for Naval Officer in Command of any " Ship " of Her Majesty, or, hj*?ing Co-in the Absence of such Naval Officer, to any "Consular Officer," nlg^Seas and such Naval or Consular Officer shall thereupon, if Circumstances abroad; admit, and if he thinks the Case requires immediate Investigation, but not otherwise, summon a Court consisting of not more its Constitu-than Five and not less than Three Members, of whom, if pos-able, One shall be a Naval Officer not below the Rank of Lieutenant, One a u Consular Officer," and One a Master of a British Merchant Ship, and the rest shall be either Naval Officers, Masters of British Merchant Ships, or British Merchants, and such Court may include the Naval or Consular Officer summoning the same, but shall not include the Master or Consignee of the " Ship " to which the Parties complaining or complained against may belong; and the Naval or Consular Officer on such Court, if there is only One such Officer on the Court, and if there is more than One, the Naval or Consular

Officer

Mercantile Marine.

Naval Court on Voyage.

and Powers.

Report to be sent home.

Costs of Proceeding and Compensation for Delay.

Penalty for

preventing

Complaint.

XV.

Log Books.

The Board is to sanction Forms of Log Books, which are to be invariably employed and properly kept.

Cap. 93.

13 & 14 VICT.

Officer who according to any Regulations for settling their respective Ranks for the Time being in force is of the highest Rank, shall be the President of such Court; and such Court shall hear the Case, and may for that Purpose summon and compel the Attendance of Parties and Witnesses, and administer Oaths and Affirmations, and order the Production of Documents, and may discharge any " Seaman " from his " Ship," and may, if the Court is unanimous that the Safety of the " Ship " or Crew, or the Interests of the Owner, absolutely require it, supersede the Master, and appoint another Person to act in his Stead, such Appointment to be made with the Consent of the Consignee of the " Ship," if then at the Place, and shall, whether any Order is made or not, make a Report containing a Statement of the Proceedings and of the Evidence, and send it to the " Board of Trade and such Report, if purporting to be signed by the senior Naval Officer or Master, or to be sealed with the Consular Seal, and if produced out of the Custody of the " Board of Trade " or its Officers, shall be admitted in Evidence in any legal Proceeding.

83. And be it enacted, That such Court may order the Costs of the Proceeding before it (if any), or any Portion thereof, to be paid by any of the Parties thereto, and may order any Person making a frivolous or vexatious Complaint to pay Compensation for any Loss or Delay caused thereby; and any Cost or Compensation so ordered shall be paid by such Person accordingly, and may be recovered in the same Manner as other Sums hereby made recoverable, or may, if the Case admits, be deducted from his Wages; and the " Board of Trade " may, in any Case in which it thinks fit so to do, pay any Costs of any such Proceeding, and make any reasonable Compensation for any Damage or Delay caused thereby.

84. And be it enacted, That any Person who wilfully and without due Cause prevents or obstructs the making or Investigation of any such Complaint as aforesaid, shWl for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for a Period not exceeding Twelve Weeks.

85. And be it enacted, That the Board of Trade shall sanction Forms of Official Log Books, which may be different for different Classes of " Ships," and shall contain, amongst other things, Blanks for the Entries herein-after required, and for Entries as to the Character and Conduct of the several Members of the Crew; and an Official Log of every " Ship " shall be kept in the sanctioned Form, and all the Blanks therein shall be duly filled up; and in all Cases the Entries shall be made as soon as possible after the Occurrences to which they relate, and in no Case shall any Entry be made more than Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of the " Ship " at her final Port of Entry or Discharge in respect of any Occurrence happening previously to such Arrival; and the Official Log may, at the Discretion of the Master or Owner, be either united with or kept distinct

from

1850 *

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93,

831

from the ordinary Ship's Log; and in Cases in which they are Log BooU,

kept distinct, and in which the Official Log is properly kept, -

nothing herein contained shall apply to the ordinary Ship's Log.

86. And be it enacted, That the Master of every " Ship" Entries of shall, upon every legal Conviction of any Member of his Crew,

and upon every Infliction of Punishment on any such Member, made in the Log, and upon the Commission of every Offence by any such Mem* and attested; ber for which it is intended to procure Punishment to be inflicted or to enforce a Forfeiture or exact a Fine, immediately cause a Statement of the Offence, and in the Case of a Conviction or of Punishment actually inflicted a Statement of such Conviction or Punishment, to be entered in the Official Log Book, and shall cause such Entry to be signed by a Mate of the " Ship," or, if there is no Mate, by the Carpenter, Boatswain, or One of the oldest Members of the Crew; and the also Entries Master shall also from Time to Time or at some Time before *s to Conduct the Discharge of the Crew fill up the Blanks left for that Pur- gener pose^ in the Official Log Books with true Entries concerning the Conduct and Character of the several Members of the Crew, or may, in a Blank to be left for that Purpose, state that he declines to give any Opinion thereupon.

87. And be it enacted, That every Master shall, in every Entries of Case of Illness or Injury causing Suspension of Work or of nineja, injury. Death happening to any "Seaman" or Apprentice during a made hi Log Voyage, cause an Entry thereof, and also, in the Case of Illness Books;

or Injury, of the Nature thereof and of the Medical Treatment

adopted, and, in the Case of Death, of the Cause of Death, to

be made in the Official Log Book, such Entry to be signed by the Mate, or, if there is no Mate, by the Carpenter, Boatswain,

or one of the oldest Members of the Crew, and by the Surgeon also of Seamen

or Medical Man on board, if any, and shall also, in case of any leaT, DS Sh, P *

" Seaman " or Apprentice ceasing to be a Member of the Crew otherwise than by Death on board, thereupon immediately cause an Entry of the Place, Time, Manner, and Cause of such " Seaman " or Apprentice ceasing to be a Member of the Crew to be made in the Official Log Book, such Entry to be signed by the Mate, or, if there is no Mate, by the Carpenter, Boatswain, or one of the oldest Members of the Crew.

88. And be it enacted, That no Lists made in the Form List in Schedule set forth in Schedule (G.) to the "General Merchant Sea-

men's Act" shall be required from any Master who has engaged , ot ^imi his Crew before a Shipping Master; but the Master of every ajan sin " Foreign-going Ship" of which the Crew has been so engaged Cre^obo shall, before finally leaving the " United Kingdom," sign and reported, send to the nearest Shipping Master a full and accurate Statement, in a Form to be sanctioned by the " Board of Trade," of every Change which takes place in his Crew before finally leaving the " United Kingdom."

89. And be it enacted, That in the Case of " Foreign-going Official Logs Ships" the Master shall within Forty-eight Hours after the to be delivered " Ship's" Arrival at her final Port of Destination in the goit^Shipson

" United Arrival;

Mercantile Marine.

13 & 14 Vfcr.

Log Booh.

otherwise they are not to be cleared.

Official Logs to be delivered by Horae Trade Ships half-yearly;

otherwise they are not to receive Transire.

Logs to be sent home in case of Transfer of

Ship;

and in case of Loss.

Logs to be re-delivered to Master or Owner.

Penalties for not keeping Log;

for not reporting Change in CJrew;

" United Kingdom" or upon the Discharge of the Crew, whichever first happens, deliver to the Shipping Master, or, if there is no Shipping Master, to the Collector or Comptroller of Customs, the Official Log Book of the Voyage; and the Shipping Master or Officer of Customs shall thereupon give to the Master a Certificate of such Delivery, and no Officer of Customs shall clear Inwards any Foreign-going Ship" without the Production of such Certificate; and in every Case in which any such " Ship " is delayed for Want of such Certificate the Tide-waiters left on board shall be maintained at the Expense of the Master or Owner until the same is produced, and Clearance may be delayed till such Expense is satisfied.

90. And be it enacted, That in the Case of " Home Trade Ships " the Owner or Master shall within Twenty-one Days after the Thirtieth Day of June and the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year transmit or deliver to some Shipping Master or Officer of Customs in the " United Kingdom" the Official Log Book for the preceding Half Year, and the Shipping Master or Officer of Customs shall thereupon give to the Master or Owner a Certificate of such Transmission or Delivery; and no Officer of Customs shall give to the Master or Owner of any such "Ship" as aforesaid a Transire or other Customs Document necessary for the Conduct thereof, without the Production of such Certificate.

91. And be it enacted, That if any " Ship " is so transferred as no longer to be within the Operation of this Act, the Master or Transferor thereof shall, within One Month if such Transfer is made in the " United Kingdom," and within Six Months if the same is made elsewhere, deliver or transmit to the Shipping Master or Comptroller or Collector of Customs at the Port to which the " Ship " previously belonged the Official Log Book duly made out to the lime of such Transfer; and if any " Ship" is lost, the Master or Owner thereof shall, if practicable, and as soon as possible, deliver or transmit to the Shipping Master or Comptroller or Collector of Customs at the Port to which die " Ship " belonged the Official Log Book duly made out to the Time of such Loss.

92. And be it enacted, That every Shipping Master or Officer of Customs to whom any Log Book is delivered in pursuance of this Act shall, at any Time after the Expiration of Forty-eight Hours after such Delivery, re-deliver the same to the Master or Owner, if required so to do; and such Master or Owner shall at any Time within Two Years of such Re-delivery, if required by the " Board of Trade," produce the same for Inspection, as it may direct

93. And be it enacted, That if any Log Book hereby required to be kept or made in a particular Manner is not so kept, or if any Entry hereby directed to be made in any Log Book is not made at the Time and in the Manner hereby directed, or if, in case of any such Change in a Crew before leaving the "United Kingdom" as herein-before mentioned,

Mercantile Marine.

Cap. 93.

foot Statement thereof is not signed and sent as herein-before directed, the Master shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds 5 and if any Log Book hereby required to be delivered, transmitted, or produced is not delivered, transmitted, or produced as hereby directed, the Master or Owner (as the Case may require) shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and every Person who makes or procures to be made or assists in making any Entry in any Official Log Book more than Twenty-four Hours after the " Ship " has arrived at her final Port of Discharge in respect of any Occurrence happening previously to such Arrival, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Thirty Pounds; and every Person who wilfully makes or procures to be made or assists in making any false or fraudulent Entry or Omission in any Log Book, for each Offence shall either be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or shall be liable summarily to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment not exceeding Three Months, with or without hard Labour, as the Court or Justice hearing the Case may think fit

94. And be it enacted, That no " Seaman " who is engaged for a Voyage or Engagement which is to terminate in the u United Kingdom" shall be entitled to sue abroad for Wages in aiiy Court or before any Justice, unless he is discharged in the Manner required by the 4* General Merchant Seamen's Act," and with the written Consent of the Master, or proves such Ill-usage on the Part of the Master, or by his Authority, as to warrant reasonable Apprehension of Danger to the Life of such Seaman by remaining on board; but if any " Seaman " on his Return to the " United Kingdom proves that the Master or Owner has been guilty of any Conduct or Default whnth, but for this Enactment, would have entitled the " Seaman " to sue for Wages before the Termination of the Voyage or Engagement, he shall be entitled to recover, in addition to his Wages, such Compensation, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as the Court or Justice hearing the Case may think reasonable.

95. And be it enacted, That, except in Cases in which " Seamen" expressly require to be paid without waiting for an Account, every Master shall, not less than Twenty-four Hours before paying off or discharging any " Seaman," deliver to him, or, if the " Seaman " is to be discharged before a Shipping Master, to such Shipping Master, a foil Account, in a Form sanctioned by the Board, of his Wages, and of all Deductions to be made therefrom on any Account whatever; and no such Deduction (except in the Cases above excepted, and also except in respect of any Matter happening after such Delivery,) shall be allowed unless a Statement thereof is so made and delivered.

98. And be it enacted, That in the Case of " Foreign-going Sups " all " Seamen " discharged in the " United Kingdom "

36 2 shall

* 38

Log Book*.

for not -deliver* tag Log;

for malting

Entries in Log more than 24 Hours after Arrival;

for making false Entries.

XVI.

Payment of Wages and Dio* charge of Crews,

No Seaman to sue for Wages abroad except in Cases of personal Danger.

Remedy on Return to the United Kingdom.

blasters to deliver Accounts to Seamen.

Discharge from Foreign-going Ships to be made

before Shipping Master.

Shipping Master may decide Questions which Parties refer to him.

Release to be signed before and attested by the Shipping Master;

and to be kept;

and to be a Discharge;

and no other Receipt to be a Discharge.

Voucher to be given to Master, and to be Evidence.

Master to make Reports of Character. %

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine; 13 & 14 VICT *

shall be discharged and receive their Wages in the Presence of a Shipping Master duly appointed hereunder.

97. And be it enacted, That the Shipping Master shall hear and decide any Question whatever between a Master or Owner and any of his Crew which both Parties agree in Writing to submit to him; and every Decision so made by him shall be binding on both Parties, and shall, in any legal Proceeding which may be taken in the Matter before any Court or Justice, be deemed to be conclusive as to the Bights of the Parties; and such written Submission, though unstamped, signed by the Parties, with an unstamped Certificate of the Decision signed by the Shipping Master, shall be sufficient Evidence that the same has been duly made.

98. And be it enacted, That upon the Completion before a Shipping Master of any Discharge and Settlement the Master or Owner and each " Seaman " shall respectively in the Presence of the Shipping Master sign a mutual Release of all Claims in respect of the past Voyage or Engagement, in a Form to be sanctioned by " the Board of Trade," and the Shipping Master shall also sign and attest it, and shall retain and transmit it as herein-before directed; and such Release so signed and attested shall operate as a mutual Discharge and Settlement of all Demands between the Parties thereto in respect of the past Voyage or Engagement; and a Copy of such Release, certified under the Hand of such Shipping Master to be a true Copy, shall be given by him to any Person who may be a Party thereto, and may require the same; and such Copy shall be receivable in Evidence upon any future Question touching such Claims as aforesaid, and shall have all the Effect of the Original of which it purports to be a Copy; and in Cases in which Discharge and Settlement before a Shipping Master is required, no Payment, Receipt, Settlement, or Discharge otherwise made shall operate or be admitted as Evidence of the Release or Satisfaction of any Claim; and upon any Payment being made by a Master before a Shipping Master the Shipping Master shall, if required, sign and give to such Master a Statement of the whole Amount so paid; and such Statement shall, as between the Master and his Employer, be received as Evidence that he has made the Payments therein mentioned.

99. And be it enacted, That every Master shall, upon any Discharge being effected before a Shipping Master, make and sign in Duplicate, in a Form sanctioned by the " Board of Trade," a Report of the Conduct, Character, and Qualifications of the Persons discharged, or may state in a Column to be left for that Purpose in the said Form that he declines to give any Opinion thereupon; and the Shipping Master shall retain one Copy, and shall transmit the other to the Registrar of Seamen, or to such other Person as the Board may direct, to be recorded, and shall, if desired so to do by any " Seaman," give to him or endorse on his Certificate of Discharge a Copy of so much of such Report as concerns him.

100. And

1860.

Mercantile Marine

Cap. 93<

835

100. And be it enacted, That any Shipping Master may, in Payment and any Proceeding relating to the Wages, Claims, or Discharge of Di*chory. any " Seaman " hereby directed to be carried on before him, call Master, &c. to upon the Owner or his Agent, or upon the Master or any Mate produce Ship's or other Member of the Crew, to produce any Log Books, ^Pe, 7* Papers, or other Documents in their respective Possession or ter* andgive Power relating to any Matter in question in such Proceeding, Evidence, and may call before him and examine any of such Persons,

being then at or near the Place, on any such Matter.

101. And be it enacted, That any Master or Owner who, in Penalties for any Case in which Discharge and Settlement for Wages are not discharging hereby directed to be made before a Shipping Master, discharges M^r. l*>pln* any " Seaman " or settles with him for his Wages otherwise

than as herein-before directed, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; and any Master whp for not giving fails to deliver such Account as herein-before required at the Account to Time and in the Manner herein-before directed shall for each Seamen» Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and every Owner, Agent, Master, Mate, or other Member of for not g*wg the Crew, who when called upon by the Shipping Master does ETidence not produce any such Paper or Document as herein-before in that Behalf mentioned, if in his Possession or Power, or does not appear and give Evidence, and does not show some reasonable Excuse for such Default, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and every Person for falsifying, who makes or procures to be made or assists in making any forging, or frau-false Certificate or Report of the Service, Qualifications, Con- ceSiauSof duct, or Character of any " Seaman," knowing the same to be Character, false, or who fraudulently forges or alters, or procures to be forged or altered, or assists in forging or altering, any such Certificate or Report, or who fraudulently makes use of any Certificate or Report which is forged or altered or does not belong to him, for each Offence shall either be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or shall be liable summarily to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to Imprisonment not exceeding Three Months, with or without hard Labour, as the Justice or Court hearing the Case may think fit.

102. And be it enacted, That all " Consular Officers" and XVII. all Officers of Customs abroad, and all Local Marine Boards,

and Shipping Masters, shall make and send to the " Board of __________

Trade" such Returns or Reports on any Matter relating to the Power of pro-

British Merchant Service or to Persons employed therein as it Returns»

may require; and all Shipping Masters shall, when required,

produce to the " Board of Trade" or to its Officers all Log

Books and other Documents which in pursuance of this Act

are delivered to them, and the " Board of Trade" may require

the Attendance of any Officer of Customs or other public Officer

or Servant in the " United Kingdom" whom it thinks fit to

examine concerning any such Matter as aforesaid, and may

require from him any Answers or Returns as to any such

Matter, and may examine him on Oath or Affirmation, and

3 G 3

cause

636

Pmtxrs of. hoettipation.

Shipping Masters, Naval Officers, Consuls, and Officers of Customs may call for Log, &c.

In Cases of Accident, Misconduct, and of gross Violation of Law, the Board may appoint special Inspectors to . report.

Inspectors may call for the Production of Evidence.

Expenses of 'Witnesses.

Cap. 93l Mercantile Marine 13 & 14 VICT«

cause him to produce before it any Documents in Ins Possession relating to any such Matter .;

103. And be it enacted, That every Shipping Master, and every Officer and Agent of the " Board of Trade," and every Commissioned Officer of any of Her Majesty's " Ships," and every British " Consular Officer," and every Chief Officer of Customs in any Place in " Her Majesty's Dominions" abroad, may require the Production of the Official Log Book and any Documents relating to the Crew in the Possession of the Owner, Master, or any of the Crew, for the Purpose of inspecting the same, and of seeing that the Provisions of this Act, and of every other Act relating to Merchant " Seamen," are complied with.

104. And be it enacted, That whenever the w Board of Trade" has Reason to apprehend that any serious Accident occasioning Loss of Life or Property has been sustained or caused by or has happened on board of any " Ship," or that any " Ship " has been lost or has received material Damage, or that any of the Provisions of this Act or of any other Act relating to Merchant " Ships" or Merchant Sailors are so grossly neglected or disobeyed as to require special Investigation, it may appoint the local Examiners or any other proper Person or Persons as special Inspector or Inspectors to inquire into and to report thereupon; and every Person so authorized may at all reasonable Times, upon producing his Authority (if required), go on board and inspect any " Ship " the Inspection of which appears to him requisite for the Purpose of the Investigation, and every Part thereof, not detaining the " Ship " from proceeding on her Voyage, and enter and inspect any Premised the Entry or Inspection of which appears to him requisite for the same Purpose, and may make such Inquiries in the Mattel as he may think fit.

105. And be it enacted, That every such special Inspector as aforesaid may, by Summons under his Hand, require the Attendance of all such Persons as he may think fit to call before him upon any Matter connected with the Execution of any of the Powers and Duties vested in him as such Inspector, and may require Answers or Returns to any Inquiries he may think fit to make, and may require and enforce the Production ef all Log Books, Accounts, Agreements, or other Papers or Writings in anywise relating to any such Matter, and may also require every such Person to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of the Statements made by him in his Examination: Provided always, that no such Person need for the Purpose of obeying any such Summons travel more than Ten Miles from his actual Abode at the Time of receiving the same, unless Tender is made to him of such reasonable Expenses in respect of his Attendance to give Evidence and his Journeys to and from the Place where he is required to attend for that Purpose as would be allowed to any Witness attending on Subpoena to give Evidence before any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster;

MttV

Mercantile Marine *

Cap. 93, .93%

minster; and in case of any Dispute as to the Amount of such Pawn of Expenses the same shall be referred by the Inspector to One of Inx*fyation. the Masters of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench, who is hereby required, on a Bequest made to him for that Purpose Under the Hand of the said Inspector, to ascertain and certify the proper Amount of such Expenses.

106v And be it enacted, That every Person who wilfully Penalties for impedes any special Inspector appointed by the " Board of obstructing Trade" or any other Person hereby authorized to enter and ^E^utfon inspect any " Ship" or other Premises in the Execution of his of their Duty; -Duty, whether on board any " Ship" or elsewhere, may be seized and detained by such Inspector or other Person, or by any Person or Persons whom he may call to his Assistance, until such Offender can be conveniently taken before some Justice of the Peace or other Officer having proper Jurisdiction; and every such Offender, and also every Person who and for not refuses to attend as a Witness before any special Inspector when giringEvidence required so to do in the Manner hereby directed, or who refuses to In8Pector* or neglects to make any Answer, or to give any Return, or to produce any Document in his Possession, or to make or subscribe any Declarations, which any special Inspector or other such Person as aforesaid is hereby empowered to require, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

107. And be it enacted, That all Misdemeanors mentioned XVIII. or created by this Act may be prosecuted by Information at the -Suit of Her Majesty's Attorney General, or by Indictment, or Misdemeanors by such other legal Proceeding as is applicable in the like Cases to be prosecuted in any Court having appropriate Criminal Jurisdiction in any of by " Her Majesty's Dominions," and shall be punishable with Fine or *c men or Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, or both, as such Court may think fit, and the Court may, if it shall think fit, order Payment of the Costs and Expenses of the Prosecution;

and all Penalties and other Sums of Money hereby made payable Penalties and

or recoverable may be recovered, with Costs, and all Offences other Sums to

hereby made punishable otherwise than solely as Misdemeanors

may be prosecuted and punished, and the Costs of such Prose- punished sum-

cution recovered, by some appropriate summary Proceeding, manly.

before One or more Justice or Justices, Sheriff or Sheriffs, or

other Officer or Officers exercising a similar Jurisdiction in any

Tart of " Her Majesty's Dominions;" and all such summary

Proceedings, if instituted in England or Wales, may, so far as

is consistent with the Provisions of this Act, be carried on

either in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Session

of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance u & 12 Vict.

of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within c. 43.

England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and

Orders, or, if the Case admits, in the Manner directed by the 7 & s Vict.

General Merchant Seamen's Act" as to Penalties thereby c. 112. imposed.

108. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of giving Juris- Jurisdiction diction under this Act every Offence shall be deemed to have otowoom-

j

3 G 4

xnitted or Offender is.

Personal Service, or on board, good.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 112.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 116.

Evidence.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 112.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 116.

Amount and Application of Penalties.

No Proceeding to be void for Informality.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 112.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 116.

Limitation of Time.

Cap. 93. Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 VICT.

been committed, and every Cause of Complaint to have arisen, either in the Place in which the same actually was committed or arose or in any Place in which the Offender or Person complained against may be.

109. And be it enacted, That Service of any Summons or other Matter in any legal Proceeding under the " General Merchant Seamen's Act" or the u Seamen's Protection Act" or this Act shall be good Service if made personally on the Person to be served, or if made by leaving such Summons for him on board any Vessel to which he may belong, with the Person being or appearing to be in command or charge of such Vessel.

110. And be it enacted, That in any legal Proceeding of a Civil Nature under the " General Merchant Seamen's Act" or the " Seamen's Protection Act" or this Act, every Person, whether a Party to the Proceeding or not, shall be a competent Witness, and be allowed to give Evidence accordingly.

III. And be it enacted, That any Justice or Justices or other Court or Officer imposing any Penalty under this Act for which no specific Application is herein provided may, if he or they think fit, direct that a Part, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, shall be applied to compensate any Person or Persons for any Wrong or Damage which he may have sustained by the Act or Default in respect of which such Penalty is imposed; and, subject to such Directions or specific Application as aforesaid, all Penalties recovered in the tc United Kingdom " shall be paid over to the a Board of Trade " or applied as it directs, and all Penalties recovered in " Her Majesty's Dominions " abroad shall be paid over into the public Treasury of the Place, and form Part of the public Revenue thereof; and all Sums of Money hereby made recoverable, not being Penalties, shall be paid to the Persons hereby enabled to recover the same; and all Penalties and Forfeitures which by the General Merchant Seamen's Act or the Seamen's Protection Act are made payable to the Seamen's Hospital Society shall be paid to the Board of Trade, or as it may direct.

112. And be it enacted, That no Conviction, Order, or other Proceeding under the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " or this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form.

113. And be it enacted, That no Distress levied in any Proceeding under the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " or the " Seamen's Protection Act " or this Act shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall any Person making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect of Form in the Summons, Order, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall such Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but any Person aggrieved by such Defect or Irregularity may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action.

114. And be it enacted, That every legal Proceeding under this Act shall, in case the Offence is committed or the Cause of

Complaint

185Ol ' Mercantile Marine. Cap. 93.

Complaint arises within Twenty Days before the Commencement or daring the Continuance of any Voyage made either by the Person complaining or the Person offending complained against, be commenced not later than Twelve Calendar Months after the first subsequent Arrival of such Person or of both of such Persons in the " United Kingdom," and in all other Cases within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence or Cause of Complaint has been committed or arisen.

115. And be it enacted, That whenever, in any legal Proceeding in England in respect of any Matter in which British " Consular Officers " have the Power of taking Depositions, it is proved that a Witness who has been examined before any u Consular Officer" abroad is out of the " United Kingdom," or cannot be found or produced on the Trial or Hearing, the Deposition of such Witness taken before such " Consular Officer" in the Matter, and, if the Proceeding is criminal, in the Presence of the Party accused, and certified by such " Consular Officer" under his official Seal to have been so taken, shall be admitted in Evidence in such Proceeding; and any Deposition purporting to be so certified as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been so taken and certified as aforesaid, unless the contrary is proved.

116. And be it enacted, That every Shipping Master, Officer of Customs, or other public Officer or Servant, who receives or recovers within the " United Kingdom " any Sum of Money for the Sale of any Forms supplied to him by the " Board of Trade," or any Fee, Fine, or Penalty hereby made payable, shall be deemed to be the Agent of such Board in respect thereof, and shall, according to its Instructions, either transmit the same to or to the Account of such Board, or retain or apply the same as it may direct, and shall, at such Times as such Board may direct, render to it a full Account of all Monies so received and of the Application thereof.

117. And be it enacted, That all Monies coming to the Hands of the " Board of Trade " under the Provisions of this Act which are not presently required for any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned, and of which no other Application is hereby specially directed, shall be paid into the Bank of England to an Account or Accounts to be there opened in the Name of such Board; and such Board may, at its Discretion, invest any such Monies in Parliamentary Securities, but in no other Security, and may from Time to Time either accumulate the annual Produce of such Investments, or apply the same to any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned, and may from Time to Time sell any Part of the Principal, and apply the Proceeds to any of such Purposes.

118. And be it enacted, That the "Board of Trade " shall, out of the Monies which come to its Hands or to the Hands of its Agents as aforesaid (except Monies of which some other Application is hereby specially directed), and the Produce of the

Investments

839

AvnAm.

XIX. Evidence taken abroad.

Depositions before Consuls Evidence, when Witness cannot be produced.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. s.59.

XX.

Application of Monies.

Shipping Masters and other public Servants receiving or recovering Money to pay or account for the same to the Board.

Monies not presently required to be inverted in Parliamentary Securities.

Monies to be applied io Payment of Expenses, &e.

AppiUddtion-of

Monies.

XXI. EcUt Indies and Colonies,

Certain Provisions in 7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. extended to India.

East Indian and Colonial Governments may appoint Officers, and give Directions for enforcing 7 & 8 Vict. c. 112. and this Act

The Provisions of 7 & 8 Vict c. 112.,

8 St 9 Vict. c. 116., and this Act when applied by East Indian and Colonial Governments to their own Ships, may

Cap. 9& Mercantile Marine. 13 & 14 YttNL

Investments of such Monies, in the first place pay all Salaries^ WageB, Remunerations, Payments, and Expenses hereby author rized, and all Expenses properly incurred by the Board or its Agents in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, and in the next place pay annually to the Seamen's Hospital Society the following Sums, that is to say, in case the net Amount arising from such Fines and Forfeitures as have hitherto been received by the said Society equals or exceeds One thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, then the Sum of One thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, or in case such net Amount is less than One thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, then a Sum equal to such net Amount, and shall apply the Remainder of such Monies for the Benefit of Persons engaged in or connected with the Merchant Service in such Manner as it may think fit-

119. And be it enacted, That in construing the "General Merchant Seamen's Act" the Expressions " Her Majesty's Dominions," " Her Majesty's Possessions," " Her Majesty's Colonies," "Her Majesty's Plantations," "British Possessions," and " British Colonies," shall, from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be taken to include the Territories under the Government of the East Indie, Company, and all other Territories (if any) governed by. virtue of any Charter or Licence from the Crown or Parliament of Great Britain.

120. And be it enacted, That the Governor General of India in Council and the respective Legislative Authorities in Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions abroad may, by any Acts, Orders, or other Appropriate Means, appoint any Functionaries to perform any of the Duties and exercise any of the Powers within their respective Jurisdictions which are by this Act or by the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " committed to Justices, Officers of Customs, or other public Servants, and may direct in what Manner the Offences thereby made punishable shall be prosecuted and punished, and in what Manner the Penalties thereby imposed and Sums of Money thereby made recoverable shall be recovered in Places within their respective Jurisdictions, and in what Manner and to what Uses such Penalties and Sums of Money shall be applied; and every such Appointment and Direction shall be valid, notwithstanding anything in the " General Merchant Seamen's Act" or in this Act contained.

121. And be it enacted, That if the Governor General of India in Council or the respective Legislative Authorities in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad think fit, by any Acts, Orders, or other appropriate legal Means, to apply or adopt any of the Provisions in the " General Merchant Seamen's Act " or in the " Seamen's Protection Act " or in this Act Contained to any British " Ships " registered at, trading with, or being at any place within their respective-Jurisdictions, and

to

Mercantile Marine* Cip, 93. 841

to the, Owners, Masters, Mates, and "Crews" thereof, such be enforced Provisions, when so applied and adopted as aforesaid, and as throughout the long as they remain in force, shall, in respect of the " Ships " mp, re' and Persons to which the same are applied, be enforced and Penalties and Punishments for the Breach thereof shall be recovered and inflicted throughout " Her Majesty's Dominions," in the same Manner as if such Provisions had been hereby so adopted and -applied, and such Penalties and Punishments had been hereby expressly imposed: Provided that if in any Matter Conflict of relating to any " Ship," or to any Member of the Crew of any Laws* u Ship," there appears to be a Conflict of Laws, the Case shall be governed by the Law of the Place in which such " Ship " is registered or licensed.

122. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Act, East Indian Order, or other From of Law to be passed or promulgated by ^Colomai the, Governor General of India in Council or by any other ObjecttoDis-Legislative Authority, in pursuance of this Act, shall respec- allowance, tively be subject to the same Right of Disallowance or Repeal, ^/tion as in and require the same Sanction or other Acts and Formalities, other Cases.m and be, subject, to the same Conditions in all respects, as exist

and are required in order to the Validity of any other Act,

Order, or other Form of Law passed by such Governor General or other Legislative Authority respectively.

123. And be it enacted, That any Person who secretes him- Penalty for ob. self and goes to Sea in any "Ship" without the Consent of taining Passage either the Owner, Consignee, or Master, or of any Mate, or surrePtitiously-of nny Person In charge of such Ship, or of any other Person

entitled to give such Consent, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for a Period not exceeding Four Weeks, at the Discretion of the Court or Justice inflicting the same.

124. And be it etiacted, That the Municipal Corporation of Corporations, any Borough, being a Seaport, in the United Kingdom, and any

Body Corporate, Association, or Trustees in any such Seaport Homes, existing or constituted for any public Purposes relating to the Government or Benefit of Persons engaged in the British Merchant Service, Or to the Management of Docks and Harbours, or for any other public "Purposes connected with Shipping or Navigation, may, with* the Consent of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, appropriate any Lands vested in them, or in Trustees for them, as a Site or Sites for a Sailors Home or Sailors Homes, and may for that Put-pose either retain and apply the same accordingly, or convey the same to Trustees, with such Powers for appointing new Trustees and continuing the Trust, as they may think fit.

125. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during this present Session amended, &c. of Parliament.

Mercantile

13 & 14 VICT.

Cap. 93.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Fees on Examinations.

£ t. dL

For a Master's Certificate - 2 0 0

For a Mate's Certificate - 1 0 0

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Fees for Matters transacted at Shipping Offices.

1. Engagement of Crews.

Vessels under 60 Tons 60 to 100 ,

100 to 200 ,

200 to 300 ,

300 to 400 ,

400 to 500 ,

500 to 600 ,

600 to 700 ,

700 to 800 ,

800 to 900 ,

900 to 1,000 ,

Above 1,000 ,

£ t. d. 0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

10 0 15 0

1 10 0

1 15 0

2 0 0

2 2 6 2 5 0

2 7 6

2 10 0

2. Engagement of Seamen separately. Two Shillings for each.

3. Discharge of Crews. Vessels under 60 Tons £ O s. 5 d. 0

60 to 100 - - O 10 0

100 to 200 99 - - 0 15 0

200 to 300 99 - - 1 0 0

300 to 400 99 - - 1 5 0

400 to 500 99 - - 1 10 0

500 to 600 99 - - 1 15 0

600 to 700 99 - 2 0 0

700 to 800 99 - - 2 2 6

800 to 900 99 - 2 5 0

900 to 1,000 99 - - 2 7 6

Above 1,000 99 - - 2 10 0

4. Discharge of Seamen separately. Two Shillings for each.

1850* Mercantile Marine. Cap. 93, 94. 848

SCHEDULE C.

Sums to be deducted from Wages by way of partial Repayment of the Fees in Schedule B.

1. In respect of Engagements and Discharges of Crews.

Fran Wages of a First Mate, Purser, Engineer, e. d.

or Surgeon of every Ship of 200 Tons or upwards - 2 6

, Every other Mate of any Ship 1 6

, Carpenter of any Ship - 2 6

, Steward of any Ship - 1 6

, All others (except Apprentices)

belonging to any Ship - 1 0

2. In respect of Engagements and Discharges of Seamen separately.

8. <L

From Wages of each Seaman - 1 0

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of

1 " the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for 6 & 7 W. 4. C. 77. { carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed 1 to consider the State of the Established Church in England

and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Re-i venues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues,

and Patronage; and an Act was passed in the Fourth Year

i of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to carry into s& 4 Vict.

effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the c.iis.

Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues; and an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two several 4 & 5 Vict. c.S9, ' Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England:

1 And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should i be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Appointment of it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Warrant under Her £faurch Estates Royal Sijm Manual, to appoint Two Lay Members of the WM>Den' United Church of England and Ireland to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, by the Title of First and Second Church Estates Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty

Salaries to First Church Estates Commissioner and to Commissioner appointed by Archbishop.

First Church Estates Commissioner may sit in the House of Commons.

Church Estates Commissioners to sign Decla- 1 ration.

Cap. 94. ' Eccleriatffcal Conm&iion. 13 & 14 VICT. '

Majesty upon every Vacancy in the Office of First or Second Church Estates Commissioner to appoint in like Manner some other Lay Member of the said Church to such Office; and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being to appoint, under his Hand and Archiepiscopal Seal, One Member of the said Church to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, by the Title of a Church Estates Commissioner, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of a Church Estates Commissioner so appointed to appoint in like Manner some other Member of the said Church to such Office; and every Church Estates Commissioner appointed by Her Majesty shall hold his Office during Her Majesty's Pleasure; and every such Commissioner appointed by the said Archbishop shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the, said Archbishop for the Time being; and every Church Estates Commissioner shall, by virtue of such Appointment, and so long as he shall hold his Office of Church Estates Commissioner, be an Ecclesiastical Commissioner, and a Member of the Body Corporate of "The Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Englandin addition to the other Members for the Time being of such Body Corporate: Provided always, that any of the Lay Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the Time being appointed by Name, and not by virtue of any Office, shall be capable of being appointed as aforesaid to the Office, of Church Estates Commissioner, but any such Ecclesiastical Commissioner may after his Removal from or Resignation of the Office of Church Estates Commissioner continue to hold his Appointment as Ecclesiastical Commissioner so long as he shall well demean himself as such Ecclesiastical Commissioner (unless he expressly resign Such' last-mentioned Appointment).

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the First Church Estates Commissioner a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, and to the Church Estates Commissioner appointed by the said Archbishop a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, to be' determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and such Salaries shall be paid out of the Monies from Time to Time in the Hands of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for *

England.

III. And be it enacted, That the First Church Estates Commissioner for the Time being shall be capable of being elected and of sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Church Estates Commissioner so appointed as aforesaid, before he proceed to do any Act by virtue of his Appointment, shall (unless at the Time of such Appointment he be an Ecclesiastical Commissioner, and have subscribed the Declaration herein-after mentioned,) subscribe the like Declaration as by the recited Acts is required to be subscribed by the other Lay Members of the said Corporation.

Ecclesiastical Camritission *

1860. Ecclesiastical Commission. Q&p. 94.

V. And be it enacted, That so much of the secondly-recited* Act as relates to the Offices of Treasurer and Secretary to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be repealed; and the First Church Estates Commissioner and the Church Estates Commissioner appointed by the said Archbishop shall be joint Treasurers of the said Corporation, but shall not as such Treasurers be entitled to any Salary other than their respective Salaries as Church Estates Commissioners under this Act; and the Secretary of the said Corporation shall be appointed and liable to be removed as is provided by the first-recited Act; and all Provisions in any Act of Parliament, Assurance, or Instrument whatever concerning the Payment of Money to the Treasurer and Secretary for the Time being of the said Corporation, or for making the Receipts of such Treasurer and Secretary Discharges for Money, shall be applicable to the joint Treasurers for the Time being of the said Corporation, 9s if such joint Treasurers had been mentioned therein instead of such Treasurer and Secretary.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon the Appointment of a First Church Estates Commissioner under this Act all Lands and Hereditaments of any Tenure which are now vested in Charles Knight Murray Esquire, the late Secretary and Treasurer of the said Corporation, for any Estate or Interest whatever, in trust for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and all Powers which are now vested in the said Charles Knight Murray under any Mortgage or other Security in trust for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, shall be vested in such First Church Estates Commissioner, by virtue of his Appointment, for the like Estate and Interest and in like Manner as the' same are now vested in the said Charles Knight Murray; and all Lands, Hereditaments, and Powers which from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, or under any Assurance or Security hereafter made, shall be vested in any First Church Estates Commissioner, in trust for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and shall continue vested in such First Church Estates Commissioner at the Time of his ceasing to be such Commissioner, shall, immediately upon the Appointment of a First Church Estates Commissioner in his Place, be vested in such Commissioner, by virtue of his Appointment, for the like Estate and Interest and in like Manner as the same were vested in the immediately preceding First Church Estates Commissioner at the Time of his ceasing to be such Commissioner; provided, that where any Copyhold or Customaryhold Land becomes vested in any First Church Estates Commissioner by virtue of this Act, such First Church Estates Commissioner shall in each such Case be admitted thereto in trust as aforesaid, and the like Fees, Fines, or Sums of Money shall be paid in respect of such Admittance as would have been payable in respect of the Admittance of an Heir.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Church Estates Commissioners for the Time being shall be a Committee of the said

Corporation,

845

Treasurer and Secretary not to be the same Person.

First Church Estates Commissioner and Commissioner appointed by Archbishop to be joint Treasurers.

Estates held in trust for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be vested in the First Church Estates Commissioner for the Time being.

As to Appointment of Estates Committee.

Cap. 94.

Ecclemattical. Commis&ion. 13 & 14 TfttK

The Estates Committee to manage all Property of the Commissioners.

Chairman of Estates Committee.

Nothing to be done at Meetings of Eccl1

Corporation, to be styled 5'*The Estates Committee," but the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners may within Six Weeks after the passing of this Act, and again in the Month of February in every Year* by an Instrument under their Common Seal, appoint Two Members of the said Corporation (of whom One at least shall be a Layman who shall have been appointed an Ecclesiastical Commissioner by Name, and not in right of any Office,) to be Members of such Estates Committee, in addition to the Church Estates Commissioners; and the Two Members so appointed from Time to Time shall cease to be Members of such Committee at the End of the Month of February next after their Appointment, or upon the Appointment of others in their Stead, which shall first happen, but every such Member of such Committee shall be capable of being re-appointed; and on any Vacancy occurring among such Two Members the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners may appoint to supply such Vacancy, until the next annual Appointment, any Commissioner who might have been originally appointed, but the said Estates Committee may act notwithstanding any Vacancy among or Non-appointment of such Two Members as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be the Duty of such Estates Committee, or any Three of them, of whom Two or more shall be Church Estates Commissioners, to consider all Matters in any way relating or incident to the Sale, Purchase, Exchange, Letting, or Management, by or on behalf of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, of any Lands, Tithes, or Hereditaments, and to devise such Measures touching the same as shall appear to such Committee to be most expedient, and such Estates Committee, or any Three of them, of whom Two or more shall be Church Estates Commissioners, shall have full Power and Authority, subject to such General Buies as are herein-after mentioned, and as shall have been made by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to do and execute any Act, including the affixing of the Common Seal to any Scheme or other Instrument, within the Power of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in respect of the Sale, Purchase, Exchange, Letting, or Management of any Lands, Tithes, or Hereditaments: Provided always, that no such Act shall be done or executed by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners otherwise than by the said Estates Committee, nor by such Committee unless with the Concurrence of Two at least of the Church Estates Commissioners.

IX. And be it enacted, That at all Meetings of the Estates Committee the First Church Estates Commissioner shall preside, or if he shall be absent the other Church Estates Commissioner appointed by Her Majesty, or the Church Estates Commissioner appointed by the Archbishop, shall be.Chairman at alternate Meetings; and in case of an Equality of Votes the Chairman shall have a second or casting Vote.

X. And be it enacted, That no Act, Matter, or Thing shall be done or performed at any Meeting of the said Ecclesiastical

Conunis-

Ecclesiastical Commission.

847

Cap. 94.

Commissioners unless Two or more of the Church Estates Com- c"m" unlea, be present.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Commis-

Ecclesiastical

Bioners at any Time'and from Time to Time may refer to the Commissioner* Consideration of the said Estates Committee any Matters, in may make *pe-addition to the Matters which are to be considered by such ^Elutes6"06* Estates Committee under the Provision herein-before contained, Committee or for the Report of such Estates Committee thereon, or by an Commissioner*. Instrument under their Common Seal may authorize the said Committee, or the said Church Estates Commissioners, or any Two of such Commissioners, to do and complete any Act within the Powers of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in addition to the Acts which the said Estates Committee are herein-before authorized to do and execute, except affixing the said Common Seal to any Scheme to which the said Estates Committee are not herein-before authorized to affix such Seal without reporting to or requiring further Instructions from the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical said Ecclesiastical Commissioners from Time to Time to make

General Rules for the Direction of the Estates Committee General Rule* relative to the Matters and Acts to be considered, done, and for the Di-executed by such Estates Committee, in which Rules the said States Com Ecclesiastical Commissioners may not only establish General mittec. Regulations for the Transaction of the Business of such Committee, but may declare the general Principles which shall guide the Decision of such Committee, and the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners may from Time to Time revise and by other General Rules vary the same as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall think fit; and all such General Rules shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the making thereof, if Parliament be sitting, and if Parliament be not sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XIII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said first- So much of

recited Act as directs who shall preside at each Meeting of 6&7r^, d4'c'77' the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners as Chairman shall be re- whoTimlfbe pealed, and the Archbishop of Canterbury, if present at the Chairman Commencement of any Meeting, shall be Chairman, but if he *nd

be not present a Chairman shall be appointed at each Meeting ^tion* made, of the said Commissioners; and if any Difference arise upon

the Choice of a Chairman at any Meeting such Chairman shall be chosen by the Majority of Votes of the Commissioners present thereat, and in case there be an equal Number of Votes upon such Choice then the Commissioner proposed first in Rank and Precedence, and in case of the Equality in Rank and Precedence of the Commissioners proposed, then the senior in Order of Appointment of the Commissioners proposed, shall preside as Chairman; and the Commissioner who takes the Chair at the Commencement of any Meeting may continue to preside during such Meeting.

As to the Audit of Accounts.

Episcopal Fund to be transferred to the Common Fund.

Certain Provisions of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 26. as to Deficiency of Incomes of Bishops repealed.

Cap. 94. Ecclesiastical Commission. 13 & 14 VICT.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Accounts of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be audited from Time to Time in such Manner and at such Times as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time appoint any Person to be an Auditor of such Accounts, and may remove any such Auditor.

XV. And whereas the Fund accruing to the Ecclesiastical c Commissioners for England under the said first-recited Act,

and other Property and Revenues accruing to the said Commissioned from like Sources, have been carried to a separate ' Fund or Account designated as the " Episcopal Fund," and i have been held applicable only to the Purposes of the said i first-recited Act and other Episcopal Purposes; and it is ' expedient that the said Episcopal Fund and the Common ' Fund vested in the said Commissioners should form One Fund ' applicable to all the Purposes conducive to the Efficiency of the Established Church now separately provided for by the i said Episcopal Fund and Common Fund respectively: Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Fund accrued and accruing to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners under the first-recited Act, and all other the Monies, Revenues, and Property carried to or deemed Part of the said Episcopal Fund, or which if this Act had not been passed might have been carried to or deemed Part of the said Episcopal Fund, or have been applicable to the Purposes thereof, shall be carried to and form Part of the Common Fund mentioned in the said secondly-recited Act, and be applicable to the Purposes of such Common Fund; and that all the several Payments and Provisions now payable out of or charged upon the said Episcopal Fund and Common Fund respectively, or out of or upon the Property applicable to the Purposes of the said respective Funds, or which if this Act had not been passed might have been payable out of or charged upon such Funds and Property respectively, shall and may be payable out of and charged upon the said Common Fund and the Property applicable, and under this Act and otherwise to become applicable, to the Purposes thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if they shall think fit, at the Request of the Bishop, to provide for the Spiritual Necessities of any Parish where the Tithes form Part of the Episcopal Revenue, in the same Manner as if those Tithes arose from a Sinecure Rectory in the Possession of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

XVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of

Her Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend the Law

relating to Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence, it was enacted, that in case such a Deficiency should have been or would be created in the average annual Income of any Bishop appointed

after the passing of the said first-recited Act, by the effecting

of any Mortgage or other Arrangement under either of the i Acts therein mentioned or that Act (being Mortgages and

Arrangements

ma

Ecclesiastical Commission.

849

Cap. 94.

Arrangements for providing the Bishop with a Residence, or ' more convenient or suitable Residence), as to reduce it below ' the average annual Income of such Bishop named in the said

fost-recited Act, or in any Order of Her Majesty in Council ' issued under the Provisions thereof, it should be lawful, by ' the Authority in the Act now in recital mentioned, out of

any Monies from Time to Time standing to the Credit and 1 Account of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, being ' Part of Payments from the larger Sees respectively towards the Augmentation of the Incomes of the Bishops of the smaller ' Sees, if it should be deemed fit, and if such Monies, after

duly considering all the Claims thereon, should appear to be ' sufficient for such Purpose, to make any Arrangement for ' supplying or preventing such Deficiency or any Part thereof ' which by the like Authority should be deemed expedient: *

Be it enacted, That the lastly herein-before recited Enactment shall be repealed, saving and without Prejudice to any Arrangement made or Matter done under such Enactment before the passing of this Act.

XVII. And whereas Her Majesty has issued a Commission Fixed Incomes ' to certain Persons therein named to inquire, amongst other things, whether any and what Improvement can be made in Bishops the existing Law and Practice relating to the Incomes of Arch- appointed after

bishops and Bishops, so as to secure to them respectively fixed }g4g"m#ry ' instead of fluctuating annual Incomes; and it is expedient

that, until the said Commissioners shall have made their Report,

and Parliament shall have determined upon some permanent ' Mode of effecting the Object last aforesaid, temporary Arrange-

ments should be made for that Purpose:* Be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, and any Order or Orders of Her Majesty in Council founded thereon, relating to or providing for the Payment to or by the Eccle-mastical Commissioners for England of fixed annual Sums, it shall be lawful, by the Authority and in the Manner by and in which the Arrangements for carrying into effect the Recommendations in the said Act recited may now be made, 60 to regulate from Time to Time the Amounts, Times, Modes, and Conditions of Payments to be made to or by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as the Case may be, by or to any Archbishop or Bishop who shall have succeeded to a See upon any Avoidance thereof happening after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, or any other Archbishop or Bishop who may signify his Willingness to accept such annual Income as herein-after mentioned in lieu of his present Income, as to secure to every such Archbishop and Bishop the annual Income named for the Archbishop or Bishop of his See in the same or any other Act now in force, or in any Order of Her Majesty in Council duly made and published, and no more, and any Arrangements which may be made for effecting the Purpose last aforesaid shall remain in force until Parliament shall otherwise direct.

Am to Endowments of Deans of Salisbury and Wells.

Deans appointed after 10th of April 1850 not to hold any Benefice not situated within the City or Town, &c.

Commissioners may, by Authority of 3 &

Vict c. US. and 4 & 5 Vict. c. 39., commute for any Prebend annexed to a Dignity or Office.

Cap. 94. Ecclesiastical Commission. 13 & 14 VICT.

XVIII. And whereas it was by the secondly-recited Act

enacted, that so much and such Parts of the Lands, Tithes,

and other Hereditaments annexed or belonging to or usually held and enjoyed with the respective Deanries of York,

(Chichester, Exeter, Hereford, Lichfield, Salisbury, and Wells

respectively should, by the Authority therein provided, be,

upon the Vacancies of the said respective Deanries, applied

to make such Provision for the said Deans respectively as by the like Authority should be deemed just and proper, and by ' the thirdly-recited Act Power was given to carry such Purposes into effect by any other Mode of Payment, Contribution, Augmentation, or Endowment which might be deemed ' fit: And whereas the late Dean of Salisbury and the present

Dean of Wells accepted their respective Deanries on the Faith c of Arrangements proposed by the said Ecclesiastical Conimis- sioners for making up the annual Income of each such Deanry

to One thousand five hundred Pounds; but Doubts have ' arisen whether such Arrangements can be lawfully made:' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful, by the Authority and by any of the Modes in the said Acts provided, to provide for the present Dean of Wells, as from his Acceptance of such Deanry, and so long as he shall continue to hold the same, an average yearly Income not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, and to pay to the personal Representatives of the late Dean of Salisbury such Sum as with the Income received in respect of his Deanry may' make up an annual Income of One thousand five hundred Pounds for the Period during which he held the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Spiritual Person appointed to the Deanry of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty shall accept, to take and hold therewith, any Benefice not situate within the City or Town of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church in which he shall hold such Deanry, and where any Spiritual Person so appointed after the said Tenth Day of April holds at the Time of his Admission to such Deanry any Benefice not situate within such City or Town, such Benefice, unless sooner avoided, shall become void on the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of his Admission to such Deanry: Provided always, that the Income of any Benefice which may be holden with any such Deanry shall in no Case exceed the Amount or Sum of Five hundred Pounds per Annum.

XX. And whereas the secondly and thirdly recited Acts i contain Provisions under which all Lands, Tithes, Tenements,

and other Hereditaments and Endowments (except any Right c of Patronage) belonging to any Prebend not residentiary in

any Cathedral or Collegiate Church in England become from ' Time to Time, as Vacancies occur in such Prebends, vested

in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England for the ' Purposes in the 6ame Acts specified, and the same Acts

contain

1850. Ecclesiastical Commission. Cap. 94.

contain Provisions for enabling the said Commissioners, with the Sanction of Her Majesty in Council, in manner by the same Acts specified, to make any Arrangements, with the

Consent in Writing of the Holder of any such Prebend, for

substituting in any Case any Money Payment for any such Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but every Prebend which is permanently annexed to any Bishoprick, Archdeaconry. Professorship, or Scholarship, or to any School or to the Mastership thereof, are exempted from the Operation of all the said Provisions: And whereas it is expedient that the last-mentioned of the said Provisions relating to the Substitution of a Money Payment for any Lands, Tithes,

Tenements, or Hereditaments should be extended to the Prebends so exempted as aforesaid, with a view to enabling the said Commissioners to make the Tithes or other Property belonging thereto more conducive to the Spiritual Welfare of the several Parishes or Places dependent thereon or connected therewith Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful, by the Authority in the secondly and thirdly recited Acts provided, with the Consent in Writing of the Patron of the Dignity or Office to which the same is annexed, to make any Arrangement for vesting in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England all or any of the Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and Hereditaments or other Endowments of the same Prebend, and to substitute for the same any just and reasonable Money Payment to such Holder, and all future perpetual annual Payments to his Successors in the same Dignity or Office as shall be deemed by the like Authority to be fit and proper, and also, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand of such last-mentioned Patron, to make any Arrangement which shall be deemed fit as to the future Exercise of the Patronage of any Benefice with Cure of Souls now held by the Holder of such Prebend for the Time being as such Holder; but that no such Alterations shall take any Effect during the Time that the present Holder of such Prebend shall hold the same, except with the Consent in Writing thereto under the Hand of such present Holder.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Lands, Tithes, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Endowments which shall so become vested in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall be by them held, possessed, and administered for the Purposes and under and according to the several Provisions of the same Acts as amended by this Act which apply to Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Endowments by and under the same Acts vested or liable to be vested in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

XXII. And whereas certain Benefices with Cure of Souls are annexed to or have long been accustomably held with the several Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, Oxford, and Peterborough; and it is expedient that such Benefices should be severed from the said Sees, and that the Endowments thereof

3 H 3 4 should

851

Commuted Lands, &c. to be subject to similar Uses as Lands vested under former Acts.

Benefices annexed to Sees of Gloucester and Bristol, Oxford, and Peterborough to be severed from the Sees.

852

Owners of Impropriation Tithes may annex the same to the Parson* age or Vicarage.

Extension of the Powers of 6 & 7 W. 4. c. 77. s. 10. for abolishing peculiar or

Cap. 94. Ecclesiastical Commission. 13 & 14 VICT.

should be applied as herein-after mentioned Be it enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be the said several Benefices shall, by the Authority by the secondly and thirdly recited Acts provided, be detached and dissevered from the said Sees respectively, and the Tithes, Glebe, and other Endowments belonging to the said Benefices respectively shall, by the like Authority, by means of Division of United Parishes, Endowment of District Churches, or such other Arrangements as the Case may require, be distributed and appropriated in such Maimer, within the Limits of the respective Parishes, as shall be deemed most conducive to the Spiritual Welfare of the Inhabitants thereof respectively; and that immediately from and after the Severance of each such Benefice the same shall, ^subject to such Distribution and Appropriation as aforesaid, be a Rectory or Vicarage, as the Case may be, with Cure of Souls, in the Patronage' of the Bishop of the Diocese from which the same shall have been severed, and his Successors, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions of the first-recited Act relating to the Patronage of Bishops; and there shall be assigned, by such Authority as aforesaid, to the Bishop in possession of each such Benefice at the Time of such its Severance from his See, an annual Sum, to be paid to him so long as he shall continue Bishop of the same See, out of the Funds in the Hands of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, not exceeding in Amount the average annual net Income theretofore accruing to such Bishop from such Benefice, after deducting all Charges thereupon and Outgoings therefrom, including for the Stipend or Stipends of any Curate or Curates employed by such Bishop the Kate of Stipend now by Law payable in the like Case to the Curate of nonresident Incumbents, or such greater Stipend or Stipends as shall have been actually paid by such Bishop: Provided always, that the Patronage of each such Benefice shall in the first instance be exercised in favour of the Curate (or of the Curate first licensed, if there be more than One Curate,) performing the Spiritual Duties of the Pariah at the Time of the Severance, if he shall have performed such Duties for the Seven Years at the least last preceding such Severance.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Owner or Proprietor of any Impropriation Tithes, Portion of Tithes, or Rent-charge in lieu of Tithes, shall and may have Power to annex the same or any Part thereof unto the Parsonage, Vicarage, or Curacy of the Parish Church or Chapel where the same lie or arise, or to settle the same in trust, for the Benefit of such Parsonage, Vicarage, or Curacy, any Statute or Law whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it declared and enacted, That the Arrangements with reference to peculiar or exempt Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions which the said Commissioners are under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act empowered and authorized to propose in any Scheme for carrying into effect any of the

Recom-

Ecclesiastical Commission.

Cap. 94.

853

Recommendations therein reoited, may be recommended and exempt Juris-propoeed in any Scheme or Schemes, whether relating to such diction8' Arrangements solely, or also to any other Matter and Thing contained in any or either of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XXV. And be it declared and enacted, That in the Case Construction of of any Archdeaconry which shall no longer be held by the 3 & 4 VicL Archdeacon who was at the Time of the passing of the secondly- cto the XranrfeT recited Act in possession thereof, the Provisions of the same of Estates of Act which relate to the Transfer to the said Commissioners of newly endowed the Estates of any Archdeaconry upon its Endowment in either Hes to Co^iU* of the Modes therein provided, and also to the disannexing from sionen.

any such Archdeaconry of any Benefice with Cure of Souls, shall be construed and held to authorize such Transfer or such Disannexation, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Archdeacon in possession of the Archdeaconry at the Time, or if the Archdeaconry be then vacant, with the Consent of the Bishop only; and the Provisions of the same Act as amended by this Act for disannexing any Benefice from any Archdeaconry endowed as aforesaid, and concerning the Patronage of such Benefice, shall extend and be applicable for disannexing any Benefice from any Archdeaconry not so endowed, and to the Patronage of such Benefice.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Ecclesiastical Annual Report Commissioners shall in each Year, on or before the First Day

of March, make a Keport, under the Corporate Seal of the said *f thrcommf*. Commission, to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of sion to One of State, of all the Proceedings of the said Commission for the *Jer Year preceding the First Day of November then last past, and tar^To? state!*" shall annex to such Report Copies of the Schemes sanctioned and to be laid* and approved by the Queen in Council during such Year, and More Parlia-also an Abstract of the Accounts of the said Commission during xnent* such Year; and within Fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof such Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not, within Fourteen Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

XXVII. And be it declared and enacted, That the Powers Powers of and Authority relating to the Alteration of the Boundaries of 7&s Vict. c. 94. Districts contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parlia- Jhe Alteration° ment held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty's of Boundaries Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act for making of Districts, better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes, extendefi may, as to any such District now existing, notwithstanding the Limitation in the same Act contained, be exercised at any Time

within Five Years from the passing of this Act, and as to every such District hereafter to be constituted within Five Years from the Date of the Licence of the Minister first licensed thereto, and this notwithstanding that any such District may have become a new Parish by virtue of the Provisions of the Act under which such District was constituted.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Powers, &c. of Authorities vested in Her Majesty in Council and in the said Commissioners by the said Secondly and thirdly recited Acts Act, "

former Acts extended to this

854 Cap. 94, 95. Ecclesiastical Commission* 13 & 14 VICT.

with reference to the Matters therein contained, and all other the Provisions of the same Acts relating to Schemes and Orders prepared, made, and issued for the Purposes thereof, shall, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions of this Act, be continued and extended and apply to Her Majesty in Council and to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and to all Schemes and Orders prepared, made, and issued by them respectively with reference to all Matters contained in this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Powers, Authorities, and other Provisions were repeated in this Act.

Act may be

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended amended, &c. or repeaje(j by any to be passed in this Session of

Parliament.

[Commencement of Act.]

Management.

Rules, &c. of Commissioners of Customs declared valid.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS several Acts were passed in the Session of ' Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, for consolidating the Laws of the Customs: And whereas since the ' passing of the said Acts divers Acts for the Amendment ' thereof have from Time to Time been passed: And whereas ' certain further Amendments of the said Acts are now required:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the same shall, except so far as is otherwise provided by this Act, come into and be and continue in full Force and Operation for the Purposes herein mentioned.

II. And whereas divers Rules, Orders, and Regulations ' have from Time to Time been made by the Commissioners of ' Her Majesty's Customs, in pursuance of the Pow ers conferred upon them by certain Acts passed in various Sessions of ' Parliament, some of which Acts have since been repealed, and ' Doubts have arisen whether such Rules, Orders, and Regulations are still of legal Force and Efficacy:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Rules, Orders, and Regulations already made or issued by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, under or in pursuance of any Act or Acts relating to the Customs, or to Trade or Navigation, although such Act or Acts may have been repealed, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, so far as such Rules, Orders, and Regulations are consistent with the Provisions of the Law's in force relating to the Customs, or to Trade or Navigation, unless and until the same shall be revoked or rescinded, and that all Acts whatsoever to be done in pursuance of any such Orders, Rules, and Regulations shall be valid and effectual.

1850. Customs. Cap. 95.

III. And be it enacted, That when any Sum of Money shall have been or shall be granted annually or otherwise to any Person who has been or shall have been employed in the Service of the Customs, as a Superannuation Allowance upon the Retirement of such Person from such Service, or as a Compensation for past Services, it shall not be lawful for the Grantee of such Allowance or Compensation to assign or dispose of the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that all such Assignments or Dispositions of such Allowances or Compensations made after the passing of this Act shall be wholly void to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be enforced in any Court of Law or Equity.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Owner or Consignee of all Goods free of Duties imported into the United Kingdom from Parts beyond the Seas shall, within Twenty-four Hours after the due Entry and landing of such Goods, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collector of the Customs, or other proper Officer at the Port where the Goods shall be discharged, a true Account of all such free Goods so landed; and in default thereof every such Owner or Consignee shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That any Goods the Growth of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and any Goods manufactured in the said Islands or either of them from Materials not subject to Duty in the United Kingdom, or from Materials upon which the Duty shall have been paid in the United Kingdom, and upon which no Drawback or Bounty shall have been subsequently granted, and any Manufactures of Linen or Cotton made in and imported from the Isle of Man, may be imported into the United Kingdom from the said Islands respectively without Payment of any Duty, and that such Goods shall not be deemed to be included in any Charge of Duties imposed by any Act hereafter to be made on the Importation of Goods generally from Parts beyond the Seas: Provided always, that such Goods may nevertheless be charged with any Proportion of such Duties as shall fairly countervail any Duties of Excise or Inland Revenue or any Coast Duty payable on the like Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Part of the United Kingdom into which they shall be imported, or payable upon any of the Materials from which such Goods are manufactured: Provided also, that all Goods manufactured in any of the said Islands from any other Materials than the Materials aforesaid, except Manufactures of Linen and Cotton made in and imported from the Isle of Man as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Goods.

VI. And be it enacted, That all manufactured Goods shall be deemed to be the Produce of the Country of which they are the Manufacture.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Abatement of Duties shall be made on account of any Damage received by any Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour imported into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man.

855

Management.

Superannuation Allowances not assignable.

Regulation *

Account of free Goods to be delivered in Twenty-four Hours after Arrival.

Goods of Guernsey, Jersey, &c. Duty-free.

Exceptions.

Ma nufactured Goods.

No Abatement of Duties on damaged Corn, &c. imported.

Customs.

Regulation,

Cigars, &c. may be imported from United Kingdom into Guernsey, &c. as like Goods into the United Kingdom.

So much of 8 & 9 Vict c. 86. and 9 & 10 Vict. c. 102. as alters Restrictions as to Importation of Tobacco, repealed.

Tobacco from Porto Rico, Trinidad, &c. may be imported in Packages of 80 lbs.

Repeal of 8 &

9 Vict. c. 86. in part, as to Re-importation of Tea.

Repeal of so much of 3 &

W. 4. c. 101. as prohibits the Importation of Tea into the Channel Islands, &c.

Tobacco may be imported from Manilla in Bales of300 lbs.

Cap. 95.

13 & 14 VICTi

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, from the United Kingdom, in Vessels of not less than Sixty Tons Burden, any Cigars, Tobacco, or Snuff in Packages of such Cigars, Tobacco, or Snuff respectively of the same Weight at least in which the like Sorts of Goods may be legally imported into the United Kingdom: Provided always, that no such Cigars, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be separated or divided in any Manner within any such Package; and all Cigars, Tobacco, or Snuff imported into the said Islands respectively, or found within One League of the Coasts thereof, contrary hereto, shall be forfeited.

IX. And whereas by One of the said Acts, intituled a51 An act' Act for the general Regulation of the Customs, certain Restric-c tions are imposed upon the Importation of Tobacco into the f United Kingdom: And whereas by another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs, the said Restrictions ' are thereby altered and amended: And whereas it is expedient ' to further alter and amend the said Restrictions: Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act as alters and amends the said Restrictions as to the Importation of Tobacco into the United Kingdom shall be repealed.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into any of the Ports of the United Kingdom into which Tobacco may be lawfully imported any Tobacco from Malta, or any Tobacco the Produce of Porto Rico, Mexico, South America, Saint Domingo, Cuba, or the British Possessions in America, and imported direct from any of those Places, in Packages each containing at least Eighty Pounds net Weight of such Tobacco.

XI. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs, as prohibits the Reimportation of Tea for Home Use, shall be repealed.

XII. And be it enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of the Duties on Tea, as prohibits the Importation of Tea into any of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or into the British Possessions in America, from any other Place than the Cape of Good Hope and Places Eastward of the same to the Straits of Magellan, or from the United Kingdom, shall be repealed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to import into the United Kingdom into any of such Ports any Tobacco the Produce of the Philltpine Islands, and imported direct from Manilla, in Bales or Packages containing Three hundred Pouncfe Weight of Tobacco each at least, not being separated or divided

in

1850 *

Customs

Cap. 95.

857

in any Manner within such Bale or Packager and all such Regulation. Tobacco imported contrary hereto shall be forfeited.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Act* recited f Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign To

of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and remain in force amending the Laws relating to Wreck and Salvage, certain as regards Acts and Parts of Acts therein mentioned are thereby re- ScotlaiKl '

pealed: And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that the same shall extend to all Parts of the United Kingdom except Scotland: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether such c Acts and Parts of Acts are still in force as regards Scotland: Be it therefore enacted and declared, That the said Acts and Parts of Acts mentioned and recited in the said Act shall, so far as the same are applicable to Scotland, be deemed to be and continue in full Force and Effect.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Importation into the Extracts, &c. United Kingdom of any Extracts, Essences, or other Concen- of Coffee, trations of Coffee, Chicory, Tea, or Tobacco, or any Admixture £ Tobacco!*' of the same, shall be prohibited.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be Smu99hn9-in any way concerned in importing or bringing into the United Persons unship-Kingdom or the Isle of Man, or who shall unship, carry, con- Pln8 Tobacco vey, harbour, or conceal, or be aiding, assisting, or concerned dealt with as in in the unshipping, carrying, conveying, harbouring, or conceal- case of Tobacco, mg, any Tobacco Stalks or Tobacco Stalk Flour, or to whose Hands or Possession the same shall come, shall and may be dealt with in like Manner as if such Tobacco Stalks or Tobacco Stalk Flour were Tobacco; and the Value thereof shall be estimated, in the Adjudication of any Penalty, as if the same were unmanufactured Tobacco of the best Description upon which the Duty had been paid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices may Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, and for any Justice ^mmon Wit-or Justices of the Peace before whom any Complaint, Informa- th^eiw'to tion, or any Matter or Thing under this or any other Act or appear or to Acts of Parliament relating to the Customs* shall be judicially Evidence, brought or exhibited, to summon any and every Person (other p*fty p0u*d5# than the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint,

Information, Matter, or Thing is brought or exhibited), in whatever Part of the United Kingdom any such Person or Persons so to be summoned shall then reside or be, to appear before the said Commissioners or Justices, as the Case may be, who are to hear, adjudge, and determine such Complaint, Information, Matter, or Thing, at a certain Time and Place to be specified and set forth in such Summons, to give Evidence upon Oath of the Truth of any Facts alleged in such Complaint,

Information, Matter, or Thing, or otherwise touching or relating thereto; and every Person so summoned, having his or her reasonable Expenses for such Attendance, if required, tendered to hhn or her at the Time of Service of such Summons, who shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the Exigency thereof.

or

858

Customs.

Smuggling.

Justices may issue Summonses from Time to Time on Informations laid within Six Months after Offence.

Penalties how recoverable.

Penalties may be remitted, &c.

Navigation.

Foreign Name to be retained on Registry of Foreign Vessels as British.

Cap. 95 *

13 & 14 Vict.

or who, having so appeared, shall refuse to take Oath, or, if a Quaker or other Person having legal Power to make Affirmation, refuse to affirm, or shall refuse to give Evidence, or to answer according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief any legal Question, when thereunto required, shall for every such Default or Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Information shall have been exhibited before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Customs, or to Trade or Navigation, for which Offence the Party charged is not liable to be detained, and by which Information any Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sought to be recovered, or any Punishment of hard Labour sought to be inflicted, and such Information shall have been exhibited before such Justice or Justices within Six Months next after the Date of the Offence committed, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, or any other Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction in that Behalf, from Time to Time and at any Time afterwards to issue a Summons thereon for the Appearance of the Party against whom such Information may have been exhibited as aforesaid before any Two Justices of the Peace; and every such Summons, directed to such Party, being left either at his or her last known Place of Residence, or on board any Ship or Vessel to which such Party may belong or may have lately belonged, shall be deemed to have been sufficiently served; and either upon the Appearance or Default of the Party so summoned, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for such Justices to proceed to the Examination of the Matter contained in any such Information, and to adjudicate thereon, in like Manner as any Two Justices are authorized to proceed under the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling.

nu O

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed or incurred under this or any other Act now in force or hereafter to be made relating to the Customs or to Trade or Navigation shall and may be sued for and recovered either in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at London, Edinburgh* or Dublin, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace or Deemster, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs may see fit to direct; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when received or recovered, shall and may be remitted, mitigated, restored, disposed of, applied, and dealt with as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be remitted, mitigated, restored, disposed of, applied, and dealt with under any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Customs, or to Trade or Navigation *

XX. And whereas it is expedient that the original Names ' of all Foreign Vessels purchased by British Subjects and registered as British Vessels should be recorded on the Registry thereof, in order to maintain the Identity of such Vessels:* Be it enacted, That before any Foreign-built Vessel shall be registered as a British Vessel the Owner or Owners thereof shall state in Writing to the Collector or Comptroller of the

Port

Customs.

859

Cap. 95.

Port at which such Vessel is intended to be registered the Foreign Name of such Vessel, and the same shall be inserted in the Declaration now required by Law to be made previous to the Registry of any Vessel, and also in the Certificate of Registry of such Vessel; and if any Person shall make any false Declaration of any Matter or Thing in order to obtain Registry of any Vessel he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Penalty shall be recoverable in the same Manner as any Penalty can or may be recovered under any of the Laws relating to the Customs.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Passenger or Passengers shall be carried by any Foreign Ship or Vessel contrary to the Provisions of the Law of Navigation, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for each and every Passenger so carried.

XXII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been incurred in any of the British Possessions abroad, under or by virtue of such last-mentioned Act, such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in any Court of Record or of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in any such British Possession where the same may have been incurred or forfeited; but in case there shall be no such Court at such British Possession, then such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in the Court of Record or of Vice Admiralty having Jurisdiction in some British Possession near to that where such Penalty or Forfeiture may have been incurred.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Duties of Customs shall be chargeable upon the Importation of the following Articles; that is to say,

Wood. — Stringy Bark Wood and Blue Gum Wood for Shipbuilding, and shaped for Treenails, not exceeding Three Feet in Length:

---- Locust Treenails for Shipbuilding:

---- Green Hart, Mora Wood, and Locust Wood for

Shipbuilding:

---- Shovel Hilts.

XXIV. And whereas by one other of the said Acts, intituled An Act for granting Duties of Customs, a Duty of Four Shillings per Ton is imposed upon Coals, Culm, or Cinder exported to Foreign Countries in a Foreign Ship: ^nd 4 whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duty: Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Duty shall be repealed.

XXV. And be it enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the warehousing of Goods, as enacts that before Goods shall be delivered to be removed from one Warehousing Port to another Port to be there warehoused due Entry of the same shall be

made.

Navigation.

Penalty for making false Declaration.

Penalty on carrying Passengers contrary to Law of Navigation.

Penalties and Forfeitures under Navigation Act, how to he recovered in British Possessions abroad.

Duties.

Certain Articles not to be chargeable with Duty.

Repeal of Export Duty on Coals imposed by 8 & 9 Vict.

90.

Table B.

JFa rehousing.

Certain Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 91. repealed.

Warehousing.

Entries for Wood Goods restricted.

8 & 9 Vict. c.S6.

Assessments for the Year ending 5th April 1851 on Persons compounding under this Act to remain to the same Amount for Five Years; and Compositions under former Acts may be renewed for the like Term.

Cap. 95, 9, 6. Customs. 13 & 14 Victt

made, and a proper Bill of such Entry with Duplicates thereof shall be delivered to the Collector and Comptroller, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no Entry shall from and after the passing of this Act be received for or in respect of any Timber or Wood Goods deposited in any Warehouse, Yard, or other Bonded Premises for Security of Duties, for any less Quantity at any One Time than Five Loads of such Timber or Wood Goods, unless such Wood Goods shall be delivered by Tale, in which Case such Entry may be passed for any Quantity thereof not less than Two hundred and forty Pieces or Two Great Hundreds of such Wood Goods; and that no less Quantity of such Timber or Wood Goods shall be delivered in virtue of any such Entry at any One Time than Five Loads of such Timber or Wood Goods, or Two hundred and forty Pieces of such Wood Goods if delivered by Tale.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to continue and amend the Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the 1 Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue for Five Years and to amend the

Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes, divers ' Persons have compounded for their Assessed Taxes in Great Britain for a Term which will expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one: And whereas ' it is expedient to relieve such Persons who have so compounded as aforesaid, as well as others who may be willing c to compound under the Provisions of this Act, from an annual c Assessment for a further Term herein limited Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Assessments made or to be made for the Year to end on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, under and by virtue of the several Acts now in force in relation to such of the Duties of Assessed Taxes as may be comprised in any Composition to be entered into under this Act, shall severally be and remain to the same annual Amount in respect of every Person who shall compound for the same under this Act for the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and the several Compositions entered into under any former Act or Acts, and now in force, may, in respect of such of the said Duties as are herein enumerated and allowed to be compounded for, be renewed under this Act f or the like Term of Five Years, to be computed as

aforesaid.

861

1850* Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 96.

aforesaid, in the Maimer, and subject to the Terms, Conditions, and Exceptions, herein prescribed; and every Contract of Composition to be entered into or renewed under this Act may be p^ion. m- made according to the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mutatis mutandis, or according to such other Form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide in that Behalf, and shall specify the Number of Servants, Carriages,

Horses, and other Articles of the Establishment upon which such Composition shall be made or renewed as aforesaid.

IL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Composi- Articles kept tion shall be entered into or renewed under this Act in respect fnOP by

of any Carriage, Horse, or other Article kept for the Pur- Partnership, or pose of Trade, or let or used for Hire, or assessed or charged for Hire, not to upon Two or more Persons jointly or in Partnership, nor for j£rcompounded any Duties of Assessed Taxes other than the Duties on the following Articles forming the Establishment of the Person so compounding, and retained, employed, kept, and used for his own Use, and not for or to the Use, Benefit, or Profit of any other Person; (videlicet,) the Duties on Servants mentioned Enumeration in the Schedule marked (C.) No. 1. and No. 3. of Two several Articles to Acts passed respectively in the Forty-eighth and Fifty-second for.COmP°Un Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and the reduced Duty granted by an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third on Under Gamekeepers; the Duties on Carriages mentioned in the Schedule marked (D.) No. 1. and No. 2. of the said Acts respectively, and the several reduced Duties granted by an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth upon Carriages with Four Wheels of less Diameter than Thirty Inches, and drawn by Ponies not exceeding Thirteen Hands in Height, and upon Carriages with Four Wheels and drawn by One Horse only; and also the Duties on Horses mentioned in the Schedules respectively marked (E.) No. 1. and (F.) No. 1. of the said respective Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-second Years of King George the Third, whether such Horses are subject to the Rates mentioned in the said Acts, or to any reduced Duty by any subsequent Act; and the reduced Duty granted by Two several Acts, passed respectively in the Fifty-ninth Year of [the Reign of King George the Third and the Fourth Year of [the Reign of King George the Fourth, upon Horses not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, used for the Purpose of riding or drawing Carriages; and also the Duties on Race Horses granted by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth; and the Duties on Dogs mentioned in the Schedule marked (Cr.) of the said respective Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-second Years of King George the Third; and the !Duties in respect of using or wearing Hair Powder mentioned in the Schedule malted (I.) of the said Act of the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third; and also the Duties in respect of using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns mentioned in

Persons assessed for the Year ending the 5th Day of April 1851 may compound on the Amount assessed in that Year, paying an additional Duty of Five Pounds per Cent.

Persons who have compounded under former Acts may renew their Compositions under this Act.

Duties to be paid on renewed Compositions.

Cap. 96. Assessed Taxes Composition. 13 & 14 VICT.

the Schedule marked (K.) of the said last-mentioned Act; and every such Composition (which shall comprise any other Duty or Duties than the Duties herein-before enumerated, and allowed by this Act to be compounded for, shall be void and of no Effect in respect of such other Duties; and all such other Duties shall be assessed and charged according to the Laws in force relating to Assessments, notwithstanding any such Composition.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person, not having compounded under any of the said former Acts, who is or shall be duly assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty^one to the Duties chargeable under the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, may compound for the said Duties in respect of the Articles comprised in such Assessment and herein enumerated for the said Term of Five Years hereby limited, on Payment of the same Amount annually as is or shall be assessed on him for the said Year ending as aforesaid in respect of the said Articles herein enumerated, together with an additional annual Duty of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings of the said Amount so assessed, but no fractional Part of One Penny of the said additional Duty shall be payable.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Person, except as hereinafter is excepted, who hath compounded under any of the said former Acts for the Duties of Assessed Taxes by any Contract now in force, may renew such Composition as to the Duties on the Articles herein enumerated and allowed by this Act to be compounded for; and the Commissioners of the Division in which such Person shall reside shall renew such Composition under the Provisions of this Act, whether the same was entered into with the Commissioners of the same Division or of any other Division; and the Amount of Duty charged and now payable on the same Articles respectively comprised in the said former Composition, together with the additional Percentage Rate or several additional Percentage Rates of Duty also charged therein under the said former Acts in respect of the said Articles, shall form the aggregate Amount on which the following additional Rates of Duty shall respectively be computed and charged for the Renewal of such Composition under this Act; (that is to say,) where the Person who hath compounded as aforesaid hath increased his Establishment of Servants, Horses, Carriages, or other Articles upon which such Composition hath been made, but to such an Extent only that the Duties chargeable thereon under an Assessment would not exceed by more than One Fourth the total Amount of the Sum now payable on such Contract of Composition, there shall be payable annually a further additional Duty of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings of the said aggregate Amount; and where such Person hath increased such his Establishment

beyond

1850.

86a

Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 96.

beyond the Extent aforesaid, but so that the Duties chargeable thereon under an Assessment would not exceed double the Sum now payable on such Contract of Composition, there shall be payable annually a further additional Duty of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings, and after that Rate for any greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings of the said aggregate Amount, but no fractional Part of One Penny of the said respective additional Duties shall be payable under this Act:

Provided always, that where the Person who hath compounded as aforesaid hath not increased such his Establishment so that the Duties chargeable thereon under an Assessment would exceed the total Amount of the Sum now payable on his Contract of Composition, no additional Rate of Duty shall be payable under this Act for the Renewal of such Composition.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the additional The additional Duty of Ten per Centum granted and now payable under an Act passed in the Third Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled «T& 4 Vict. cn7.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties of Customs, Excise, to be charged and Assessed Taxes, shall be computed and charged upon and shall be payable over and above the gross aggregate Amount of xhh Act.

all the Duties charged by this or any former Act or Acts upon

or in respect of any Contract of Composition made or renewed

under this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Contract of Composition Persons who, shall be renewed under this Act with any Person who, since since concentering into such Contract, hath increased his Establishment

of Servants, Carriages, Horses, or other Articles upon which Establishments such Composition hath been made, so that the Duties charge- more than able on such Establishment, under an Assessment for the Year Jave'cora- Wh° to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight pounded on a hundred and fifty-one, would amount to more than double the les* Amount Sum now payable under such Contract, nor with any Person tL^ought^ who hath compounded on a less Amount of Duty than ought have done, not to have been included in such Composition; but nevertheless it «ew their shall be lawful for any such Person, in either of the Cases tu^may col^ aforesaid, after he shall have made a bona fide Return of the pound de novo, greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, and other Articles of his Establishment, according to the Laws in force relating to the Assessed Taxes, in order to an Assessment thereon for the Year to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and shall be duly assessed for that Year, to compound de novo on, the Amount so assessed in respect of the Articles herein enumerated, together with the additional Duty chargeable on Contracts of Composition entered into under this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person Persons who who hath compounded under any of the said former Acts, and ^nded under who hath given or shall give Notice in this present Year in former Acts pursuance of the said Acts of his Intention to discontinue any giving Notice of Part of his increased Establishment of Servants, Carriages, ^e^Esublish-Horses, or other Articles, in the Manner provided by the said roent not to

Cap. 96. Assessed Taxes Composition. 13 & 14 VICT.

Compositions, Acts, shall be allowed to renew his former Contract of Compound^n^o. P08iti°n, or to enter iifto any new Contract of Composition under this Act, except upon the Amount of an Assessment to be made on a bona fide Return of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, and other such Articles as aforesaid kept or used or employed by him in the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, together with the additional Duty chargeable thereon under this Act, in the same Manner as if such Person had not

compounded under the said former Acts, notwithstanding the said Notice, or anything contained in the said former Acts or in this Act.

Persons having

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Composition 8*ia^ entered into under this Act with any Person who shall during their Re- have resided out of Great Britain before the passing of this Act sidence abroad, for a temporary Purpose, only, and who shall be assessable to sons residing^e for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April

abroad, not to One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to a less Amount compound. than he was assessed before his Departure from Great Britain^ nor shall any Composition be entered into or renewed with any Person who shall be residing out of the United Kingdom. Persons having

IX. And be it enacted, That if any Person having coman reduced pounded under the said former Acts shall have reduced his their Establish- Establishment so that he may be chargeable with a less Amount mentsmay of Assessed Taxes for the Year commencing from the Fifth compound de jj of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one than

novo on the r r _ o.

Assessment of the Amount of Duty compounded for, and shall by reason i*5i. thereof be desirous of waiving the said Composition, and of

compounding de novo, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Surveyor of Taxes for the District in which such Person shall reside, on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and annexing to such Notice a full, true, and complete Return or List of the greatest Number of Articles chargeable with Duty kept and retained or employed by such Person after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, so that an Assessment may be duly made for the Year to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred %and fifty-one on all the Articles chargeable for that Year; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to

Persons who keep taxable Articles not included in a renewed Contract of Composition may compound for

enter into Composition de novo with the Person giving the Notice aforesaid, upon the Amount of such Assessment as aforesaid, with the additional Duty chargeable thereon under this Act, as if such Person had not compounded under the said former Acts.

X. And be it enacted, That where any Person who hath compounded under any of the said former Acts, and shall renew such Composition under this Act, shall have kept or employed or used any taxable Articles of a Description allowed to be compounded for under this Act, but of a different Description from those included in such his former Composition, and for

which

1050.

865

Atsetoed Tbxes Composition. Cap. 96*.

which Articles be is or will be Kable to be assessed for the Year the same by a ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and »epaiate C00-fifty-one, it shall be lawful for such Person, upon being duly tract* assessed for such Articles not included in the renewed Composition, to compound for the same by a separate and distinct Contract, ou the same Terms and in the like Manner as any Person who hath not compounded under the said former Acts may enter into an original Contract of Composition under this Act. 1

XI. And be it enacted, That every Person entering into or Compounders;

renewing any Composition under this Act shall be entitled to the

the like Privileges of setting up or retaining, and keeping, offocreatin^ using, or employing, any additional Articles of the same Descrip- Establishments, tion and chargeable under the same Schedule and Number of ^c*M u"der the Schedule, oy vrith the same or a lower Rate of Duty as the former cts' Articles compounded for composing his Establishment, and to

and for his own Use, but not otherwise, as the Persons compounding Under the said former Acts are now by Law entitled to, and shall be eXetopt from all Assessments on such additional Articles of his Establishment during the Term mentioned in such Composition, save and except that no Person who shall Exceptions as compound or renew any Composition under this Act for any Dog chargeable with a less Rate of Duty than Fourteen Shil- of Vog^0 lings shall be entitled to keep frete of Duty any Hound, Pointer,

Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier, or Lurcher; nor Shall any Person who shall have compounded for any Dog or Dogs other than Hounds, and not for any Hound, keep free of Duty any Hound; nor shall any Person who shall have compounded for any less Number of Hounds than Ten keep free of Duty any additional Number of Hounds; neither shall any Person keep free of Duty any Greyhound, unless he shall have compounded for a Greyhound; in all which excepted Cases, as well os in all Cases where Articles of any Description excluded from Composition by this Act shall be Kept, retained, employed, or used, Assessments and further or increased Charges shall be made; and the Penalties which may be* incurred under any of the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered according to the Provisions of the said several Acts as fully and effectually as if no Composition had been made or renewed under this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Persons com-

Person who shall enter into or renew any Composition under pounding for this Act in respect of any Male Person employed in any of the and

Capacities described in and chargeable with Duty under the Hones at the said Schedule marked (C.) No. 1. of the said respective Acts of higher Rates of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-second Years of King George the ^ee^free of Third tri retain, keep, and employ free of Duty any other Male Duty Servants, Person or Number of Male Persons employed in the same Carriages, and Capacity, or in any other Capacity chargeable with the same or ^le^at lower*" any lower Rate of Duty, and allowed by this Act to be com- Rates, pounded for; and it shall be lawful for every Person who shall

Persons assessed or having compounded for a Carriage at a lower Rate of Duty entitled to substitute for it in their Composition Contract a Carriage at a higher Rate.

Persons having compounded for a Carriage at a lower Rate of Duty entitled to set up under their Composition a Carriage chargeable at a higher Rate, on Payment of the Difference of Duty.

Cap. 96. Assessed Taxes Composition. 13 & 14 VICT.

enter into or renew any Composition as aforesaid in respect of any Carriage of whatever Description chargeable with Duty, and allowed by this Act to be compounded for, to set up, keep, and use free of Duty any other Carriage or Number of Carriages of the same Description, or of any other Description] chargeable with the same or a lower Rate of Duty, and allowed to be compounded for as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for every Person who shall enter into or renew any Composition as aforesaid in respect of any Horse chargeable with Duty under the Schedule marked (E.) No. 1. of the said respective Acts to keep and use free of Duty any additional Number of Horses chargeable with Duty under the same Schedule, or any Horse or Horses chargeable with any lower Rate of Duty, and allowed to be compounded for as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where any Person intending to compound under this Act is or shall be assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one in respect of any Carriage with Four Wheels, and drawn by One Horse only, or any Carriage of whatever Description chargeable with the same Rate of Duty as the last-mentioned Carriage or a lower Rate, and also where any Person intending to renew any Contract of Composition now in force hath by such Contract compounded for any such Carriage as aforesaid, and where any such Person in either of the Cases aforesaid, after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, shall have set up, kept, or used, or shall intend to set up, keep, or use, any Carriage chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than that for which he shall have been so assessed or hath compounded as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him, if he shall think fit, to compound or to renew his Composition under this Act for a Carriage at such higher Rate, upon giving Notice thereof in Writing to the Surveyor of the Division in which he shall reside within the Time herein limited for giving Notice of Intention to compound, and thereupon such Carriage at the higher Rate of Duty shall be substituted in the Contract to be entered into under this Act for the making or Renewal of such Composition for and in lieu of One such Carriage at the lower Rate; and where any Person who shall have entered into any Contract for the making or Renewal of any Composition under this Act in respect of any Carriage with Four Wheels, and drawn by One Horse only, or any Carriage of whatever Description chargeable with the same Rate of Duty as such last-mentioned Carriage or a lower Rate, and such Person at any Time after the entering into such Contract shall be desirous of setting up and keeping under such Composition any Carriage chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty, such Person shall give Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the Division in which he shall reside One Calendar Month at least before setting up or keeping or using such Carriage chargeable with the' higher Rate of Duty; and the said Surveyor shall transmit such Notice to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting for the said Division, and such Clerk shall cause

867

1850, Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 96 *

cause to be endorsed upon each Part of the Contract of Composition, and to be signed by Two of the said Commissioners, a Certificate of such Notice, and of the additional Duty to be paid on such Contract in that Behalf; (that is to say,) there shall be payable thereon annually, during the Remainder of the Term of Composition, the Difference between the Rate of Duty chargeable on one such Carriage which shall have been compounded for as aforesaid and the Rate of Duty chargeable on the Carriage intended to be set up, kept, and used as aforesaid, together with the several additional Percentage Rates of Duty payable under the said Contract, to be computed upon such Difference; and such additional Duties shall be payable for the whole Year, commencing from the Fifth Day of April next preceding the Date of such endorsed Certificate, and shall be paid during all the Remainder of the Term of Composition by half-yearly Instalments, and be collected, levied, and recovered in like Manner as if the same had been comprised in the Body of the said Contract; and after such Notice, and the Endorsement of such Certificate as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person compounding as aforesaid to set up, keep, and use any such Carriage as aforesaid, with the like Privileges and Immunities during the Remainder of the said Term as he would have been entitled to if he had originally compounded in respect of such Carriage chargeable at the higher Rate of Duty.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person Persons com-shall be chargeable under the Acts in force at the Time of podding not to passing this. Act, after the Expiration of the said Term of Five their infreas^d Years, for any Part of the increased Establishment not included Establishment, in the Composition entered into under this Act, who shall give Six Months previous Notice of his Intention to discontinue the same, and who shall actually have ceased to keep the same One Calendar Month prior to the Expiration of the said Period of Five Years.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Composition entered Compositions into or renewed under this Act with any Person herein-after described shall cease and determine at the respective Times gucewding to herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) if any Person who Estates on the shall compound or renew any Composition under this Act shall afterwards come into possession of any Estate, Real or Personal, MarrfageTand or become entitled to the Rents or Profits of any Estate, Real increasing their or Personal, upon the Death of any Person, whether by De- Establishments scent. Devise, Bequest, Gift, or Settlement, or under the Statute ExtenMoc! ^, for the Distribution of Estates of Intestates, and shall thereupon with Power to ' or afterwards begin to keep any greater Number of Servants, compound de Carriages, Horses, or other taxable Articles of the Description noTO# comprised in such Composition, whereby the Establishment of the Person compounding shall be increased, so that the Duties which would be chargeable thereon under an Assessment, if no such Composition had been made, would exceed by One Fourth or more the Amount of the Duties payable under such Composition, then and in every such Case the Composition entered

3 13 into

Composition Contracts of married Women to cease.

Commissioners and Officers acting in the

Cap. 96. Assessed Taxes Composition* 13 & 14 VICT.

into or renewed under this Act by any such Person hereinbefore described shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of April next after any such Increase of Establishment'shall take place; and if any Person shall intermarry after entering into or renewing any Composition under this Act, and shall by such Marriage come into the Possession or to the Use or Enjoyment of the Rents or Profits of any Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to his Wife before Marriage, whether upon such Marriage the Husband shall acquire any Interest in Daw or Equity in such Estate or not, or whether the said Estate shall remain in or be vested to the sole Use of the Wife or not, in case the Husband shall, upon or after such Marriage* retain or keep any Servants, Carriages, Horses, or other Articles of the Description aforesaid kept by or belonging to his Wife before Marriage, or in case the Wife shall, after such Marriage, retain her former Establishment or any Part thereof, or in case the Husband or Wife shall, upon or after such Marriage, begin to keep any other Servants, Carriages, Horses, or other Articles of the Description aforesaid, in lieu of the like Articles of the Establishment of the Wife before Marriage, so that the Hus* band, if no Composition had been entered into, 'would have been assessable to an Amount of Duty exceeding by One rFourth the Amount of the Duties payable under such, Composition, then and in such Case the Composition entered into or renewed under this Act by any such Person so intermarrying as aforesaid shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of Aprit next rafter snob Marriage shall take place, or such increased Establishment shall begin to be kept: Provided always, that in all the several- Cases in which the Composition is determined and made to cease by this Act for any of the respective Causes aforesaid it shall be lawful for every such Person as aforesaid, after he shall have made a bona fide Return of the greatest"Ntxmbfer' of Servants, Carriages, Horses, and other Articles for which he shall be chargeable with any Duty1 of Asseesed Taxes, in order? to an Assessment thereon for the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April next after the Determination of such Composition, and upon being duly assessed for that Year, to compoundde navo for the Remainder of the Term limited by this Act then to come and unexpired on the Amount so assessed on him in *respect of such of the said Articles as are allowed to be compounded for under this Act, together with the additional Duty chargeable thereon under this Act, and as if such Person had not before compounded.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Contract'of Composition shall be entered into or renewed under this Act with any married Woman, and that every such Contract which shall be entered into or renewed with any unmarried Woman who shall afterwards marry shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of April next afte^ her Marriage.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several Persons who for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in execution

the

I850t' Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 89.

the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this Act, and the Powers herein contained or referred to^in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Diviaon^ Shiree, and Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places in Great Britain; and the several Assessors, Collectors, purveyors. Inspectors, and other Officers for the Timo^ being appointed or to be appointed to put into execution the said; Acts shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyoia^ Inspectors, and Officers to put in execution this Act within > the Limits of their respective Divisions, Districts, and Places to which they are or shall be appointed; and the respective Commissioners and other Persons authorized by the said former Acts to contract and agree for Compositions for Assessed Taxes, or to do or perform any other Matter or Thing for carrying the said Acts into execution, shall respectively contract and agree for the Compositions to .be entered into or renewed under this Act, and shall do and perform all such other Matters and Things as (are required to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; and all Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations* Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things contained in any; former Act or Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, or to Compositions for Assessed Taxes, and now in foroe, shall severally and respectively be construed and deemed to.apply; to the_Compositions to be made and renewed respectively utader this Act, and shall, so far as the same shall be consistent with and shall not be superseded by the express Provisions, of this Act, be observed, applied, enforced, and put in execution with relation to the Compositions to be made and renewed respectively under this Act, and for the raising, levying, playing, and accounting for the Monies to arise under this Act, nod for the Prevention and Punishment of Fraud, Imposition, and Evasion inflation thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents andi Purposes as if such Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters, and Things had .been* herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the Compositions respectively to be made and renewed under this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person intending to compound under this Act shall, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one in England, and on or before the Term of Whitsunday in the same Year in Scotland, deliver or cause to be delivered, free of Charge, to the Surveyor of Taxes for the Division in which such Person shall reride, a Notice in Writing in such Form as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in that Behalf *, declaring the Intention of such Person to compound, which Notice shall be signed by such Person (or by some authorized Agent on his Behalf residing in such Division, and whose Place of Residence shall be specified in such Notice) in the Presence of one of the Assessors or Collectors of the said Duties for the

869

Execution of the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes to execute this Act

Powers and Provisions of former Acts to remain and to be applied to the Compositions under this Act

Persons intending to compound or to renew any Composition to give Notice thereof, together with a Statement of the Articles of Composition.

870

Persons assessed in Places other than where they reside to deliver Certificates of Assessments to the Surveyor.

Surveyor to examine Notices of Intention to compound or renew Compositions, and to deliver the same with his Certificate

Cap. 96. Assessed Taxes Composition* 13 & 14 VICT.

same Parish or Place where the Person intending to compound shall reside, or in the Presence of such Surveyor, who respectively shall subscribe his Name thereto as attesting such Signature; and every such Notice shall bear Date on the Day of signing the same, and shall contain a full, true, and complete Return or List of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, and all other Articles of his Establishment chargeable with Duty upon which he shall be entitled to compound under this Act, and which have been kept, retained, or employed by him at any Time during the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine; and every Person intending to renew his former Composition under this Act shall, on or before the respective Days or Times hereinbefore limited for the Delivery of such Notices as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered in like Manner, to such Surveyor as aforesaid, the Contract of his former Composition, or a true Copy or Certificate thereof, under the Hands of any Two of the Commissioners acting for the Division in which such Contract was entered into, together with a Notice in such Form as shall be provided by the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue in that Behalf, and signed and attested in the Manner herein-before directed with regard to Notices of Intention to compound, declaring the Intention of such Person to renew such former Composition, and containing a full, true, and complete Return or List of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, and other Articles of his Establishment chargeable with Duty which shall have been kept and retained or employed by such Person at any Time during the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be assessed for any Servants, Carriages, Horses, or other taxable Articles, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, in Two or more Divisions in Great Britain, or who shall be assessed for that Year in a different Division from that in which he resides, and who shall be desirous of compounding under this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered in manner aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Taxes to whom he is by this Act required to give Notice of his Intention to compound, a Certificate under the Hand of the Surveyor of the Division or of each Division in which he shall be so assessed as aforesaid, containing the Particulars of such Assessment in every such Division, according to such Form as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in that Behalf.

XX. And be it enacted, That all such Notices, and Contracts, or Copies or Certificates of Contracts, and Certificates of Assessment, by this Act directed to be delivered to the Surveyors of Taxes by Persons intending to compound or to renew any Composition, may respectively be retained in the Hands of the said Surveyors respectively until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months after the Delivery thereof; and every such

Surveyor

1850. Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 96.

Surveyor shall carefully and diligently inspect and examine every Assessment relating to the Persons so applying to compound or to renew any Composition as aforesaid, and every Contract of Composition entered into under the said former Acts by any such Persons respectively, and also any Notices which may have been delivered by such Persons under the said Acts to discontinue any increased Establishment set up under any such former Contract; and after such Examination thereof every such Surveyor shall deliver all such Notices and Contracts, or Copies or Certificates of Contracts, and Certificates of Assessment, to the Clerks of the respective Commissioners authorized by this Act to contract for such Compositions^ and for the Renewal of such former Compositions; and such 'Surveyor shall also certify to the said Commissioners either his Satisfaction with the Notices delivered in such Cases, or his Objection thereto, and the Grounds of such Objection, and the Amount of Duty on which every such Composition ought to be made or renewed; and no Composition shall be entered into or renewed in any of the Cases so objected to until a full and complete Return shall be made of every Article chargeable with Duty on which the Composition ought to be made under the Provisions of this Act; and every Composition entered into or renewed contrary to the Provisions of this Act shall be void and of no Effect, and the Person entering into or renewing the same shall be liable to Assessment and to the Charge of the respective Surveyors, according to the Provisions of the Acts in force relating to Assessed Taxes, as if no Composition had been entered into or renewed.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where by any Error or Mistake the just Amount of Duty shall not be duly computed or inserted in the Contract of Composition, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, by Certificate under the Hands of any Two or more of them directed to the Commissioners of the Division by whom such Contract shall have been made or allowed, to certify such Error or Mistake, and to direct the same to be amended or a new Contract made and executed in such Manner as may seem to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be expedient to obviate such Error or Mistake, and conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Commissioners to whom such Certificate shall be directed shall cause such Contract' to be amended or a new Contract to be entered into accordingly.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Contract for the making or renewing of any Composition under this or any former Act shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

871

to the Commissioners.

Errors or Mistakes in Compositions may be amended.

Composition Contracts not liable to Stamp Duty.

Act may be amended.

872 Cap. 96- Assessed Taxes Compdsitwn. 13 & 14 VICT.

SCHEDULE containing the Forms referred to in the foregoing Act

Contract of Composition for Assessed Taxes, under Vict. c. entered into with of in the Parish of

in the Division of in the County of in respect of the

under-mentioned Duties; viz.

No.

Establishment.

Chargeable under

Amount of Duties.

£ s. d.

Servants -

Servants - ...

Under Gamekeepers -Four-wheel Carriages -Four-wheel Carriages drawn by One Horse -Four-wheel Carriages, with Wheels of less*) Diameter than 30 Inches, and drawn by > Ponies not exceeding 13 Hands in Height J Two-wheel Carriages drawn by One Horse -Two-wheel Carriages drawn by Two Horses Horses -

Horses -

Horses not exceeding 13 Hands in Height -Race Horses -

Schedule (C.) No. 1. -Schedule (C.) No. 3. -59 Geo. 3. c. 118. s.5. -Schedule (D.) No. 1.

1 W.4. c. 35. s.4.

1 W. 4. c. 35. s. 4.

Schedule (D.) No. 2. -Schedule (D.) No. 2. -Schedule (E.) No. 1. Schedule (F.) No. 1. -59 Geo. 3. c. 13. s. 3. -5&6 W.4. c. 64. s.15.

Dogs; viz. Hounds, Pointers, Setting Dogs, 1 Spaniels, Terriers, and Lurchen -

Greyhounds -Other Dogs -

Hair Powder -

Armorial Bearings -

Composition Duty of £5 per Cent, under the

Additional £10 per Cent under the 3 Vict c. 17.

Schedule (G.)

Schedule (G.) Schedule (G.) Schedule (I.) Schedule (K.) Vict. c.

Total Annual Payment

We, the undersigned, Two of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the Division of aforesaid, have, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act Vict e. contracted and agreed with the above-

named for a Composition for the Duties of Assessed Taxes above

specified for the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the 5th Day of April 1851, and for such Composition the said his Executors or Administrators, shall well and truly

pay or cause to be paid to the Collectors of the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish of or one of them, for the Use of Her Majesty, in each and every Year of the said Term, the Sum of being the Amount of the Duties above stated,

together with the several Percentage Rates granted by the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Payment shall be made by Two equal half-yearly Instalments; viz.

First Instalment on or before the 10th Day of October,

Second Instalment on or before the 5th Day of April, in each and every Year of the Term aforesaid.

Dated this Day of 185

---- j- Commissioners.

Witness to the signing by 1 the said Commissioners J

Witness to the signing by 1 the within-named Party J

Clerk *

Clerk.

the Party hereto.

1850.

873

Assessed Taxes Composition. Cap. 96.

Renewed Contract of Composition for Assessed Taxes, under Vict. c. entered into with of in the Parish of in the Division

of in the County of in respect of the

under-mentioned Duties; viz.

Servants -Servants

Under Gamekeepers -

Four-wheel Carnages

Four-wheel Carriages drawn by One Horse -Four-wheel Carriages, with Wheels of less 1 Diameter than 30 Inches, and drawn by v Ponies not exceeding 13 Hands in Height J Two-wheel Carriages drawn by One Hone -Two-wheel Carriages drawn by Two Horses -Hones .....

Hones -

Horses not exceeding 13 Hands in Height -Race Horses .....

Dogs; viz. Hounds, Pointers, Setting Dogs, \

Spaniels, Terriers, and Lurchers -

Greyhounds -

Other Dogs -

Hair Powder -

Armorial Bearings ...

Composition Duties; viz.

[Specify the Amount, with the Rates per Cent, and the Acts under which the same are chargeable.]

Additional £10 per Cent under the 3 Vict c. 17.

Total Annual Payment - - £

Schedule (C.) No. 1. Schedule (C.) No. 3. 59 Geo. 3. c. 118. s.5. Schedule (D.) No. 1.

1 Will4. c. 35. s.4.

1 Will 4. c. 35. g.4.

Schedule (D.) No. 2. -Schedule (D.) No. 2. -Schedule (E.) No. 1. -Schedule (F.) No. 1.

59 Geo. 3. c. 13. s.3.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 64. g.15.

Schedule (G.)

Schedule (G.)

Schedule (G.)

Schedule (I.) -Schedule (K.)

We, the undersigned, Two of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the Division of aforesaid, have, by virtue and

in pursuance of the said Act Vict c. contracted and agreed with the above-named

for the Renewal of the Composition heretofore entered into by him, in pursuance of the Statutes in that Behalf, for the Duties of Assessed Taxes above specified, and which Renewal we do hereby make for the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the 5th Day of April 1851, and for such Composition and Renewal the said his Executors

or Administrators, shall well and truly pay or cause to he paid to the Collectors of the Duties of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish of or one of them, for the Use of Her Majesty, in each and every Year of the said Term, the Sum of being the Amount of the Duties above stated, together with the several Percentage Rates granted by the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Payment shall he made by Two equal half-yearly Instalments; viz.

First Instalment on or before the 10th Day of October,

Second Instalment on or before the 5th Day of April, in each and every Year of the Term aforesaid.

Dated this Day of 185

__________ - Commissioners.

Witness to the signing by \ the said Commissioners J Clerk.

Witness to the signing by 1 the within-named Party j Clerk.

the Party hereto.

Cap. 97.

Stamp Duties.

13&HVKT.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

[14th August 1850.]

5 & 6 Vict. c. 82.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of 55 G. 3. c. J84. the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act

jbr repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies, and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Stamp Duties specified and contained in a Schedule to the said Act annexed were granted and made payable in and throughout Great Britain, for and in respect of the several Instruments,

Matters, and Things described or mentioned in the said Schedule: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year s G. 4. c. m. 4 of the Reign of Kang George the Fourth, intituled An Act to reduce the Stamp Duties on Reconveyances of Mortgages and in certain other Cases, and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for removing Doubts as to the Amount of certain Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned or referred to were repealed, and in lieu thereof certain other Stamp Duties in the said last-recited Act specified were granted and made payable in and throughout Great Britain and Ireland respectively: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same UTitil the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, certain of the said Stamp Duties granted by the said first-recited Act were extended to and made payable in Ireland; and under and by virtue of the said Three several Acts, and also of Two other Acts passed respectively in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, for continuing the said last-recited Act, the said Stamp Duties are now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively: And whereas it is expedient to repeal certain of the said Stamp Duties, so far as the same relate to the several Instruments. Matters, and Things mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to substitute in lieu thereof other Rates of Duties for and in respect of the same Instruments. Matters, and Things Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty the several Stamp Duties now payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before incited or referred

8 & 9 Vict. c. 2. 11 & 12 Vict. c. 9.

Stamp Duties on Instruments speciSed in the Annexed Schedule repealed.

1850.

875

Stamp Duties. Cap. 97.

to, or any of the said Acts respectively, or any other Act or and other Du-Acts, for or in respect of the several Instruments, Matters, 10

and Things described or mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and whereon other Duties are by this Act granted and imposed, shall respectively cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and in lieu and instead thereof there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the said several Instruments, Matters, and Things, or for or in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which the same respectively shall be written, the several Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the said last-mentioned Schedule, and that the said last-mentioned Schedule, and the several Provisions, Regulations, and Directions therein contained with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be applied, observed, and put in execution accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal or alter any of the said Duties now payable in relation to any Deed or Instrument which shall have been signed or executed by any Party thereto, or which shall bear Date before or upon the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Duties by this Act Dutie* granted granted shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commie- Duties, an/to sioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and that all be under the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Directions, and Ex- commissioner* emptions. Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in Gf Inland or imposed by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of Revenue, die Reign of Eng George the Third and the Schedule' thereto Power« and^ annexed, land TiT or by any other Act or Acts relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description heretofore payable in be iu force and Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and in force at the be put in Time of the passing of and not repealed by this Act, shall "d to respectively be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby Duties by this Act granted, and to the Vellum, Parchment, granted, and Paper, Instruments, Matters, and Things, charged and chargeable therewith, and to the Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had* been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis.

Duties not to be charged on Deeds or Instruments expressly exempted from Stamp Duty by existing Acts.

Duties imposed by 5 & 6 Vict. c. 82. and 9 & 10 Vict c. 112. on certain Leases in Ireland, repealed.

For removing Doubts as to the Stamp Duties on certain Agreements for setting or demising Lands in Ireland.

Cap. 97. Stamp Duties. 13 &#14 VICT.

tandis, with reference to the said Duties by this Act granted, and the said Schedule annexed to the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third and the said Schedule to this Act annexed shall be read and construed as One Schedule and as One Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or in the Schedule hereto annexed contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to charge with Stamp Duty any Deed or Instrument which by any Act or Acts now in force is expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty; or to subject or charge any Transfer or Assignment of any Share in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, or of the East India Company respectively, to or with any. higher or other Stamp Duty than such Transfers and Assignments are respectively subject and liable to under any Act or Acts now in force.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Duties imposed by the said Act of the Sixth Year of Her Majesty's Reign upon any Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article or Instrument for setting or demising Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, in the Maimer in the said Act mentioned, and also the Duty imposed by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to facilitate and encourage the granting of certain Leases Jar Terms of Years in Ireland, on any Lease in the said last-mentioned Act described, shall, so far as the same respectively relate to any such Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute or Memorandum, Article or Instrument as aforesaid which shall bear Date after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be and the same are hereby repealed; and every such Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article or Instrument last mentioned, shall be and become subject and liable to and chargeable with the Duties imposed by this Act and the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third respectively, on Deeds and Instruments of the like Kind or Description.

Y. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign the Stamp Duty on an Agreement, ' or Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, under Hand ' only, and in the said last-mentioned Act more particularly ' described, was reduced to the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-

pence: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether the ' said reduced Duty extends to Agreements or other lustra- ments under Hand only for setting or demising Lands, Tene-c ments, or Hereditaments in Ireland at a yearly Rent not ' exceeding Fifty Pounds; and it is expedient to remove such

Doubts Be it therefore declared and enacted, That no Agreement, or Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article or Instrument, under Hand only, made or to be made at any Time since the Sixth Day of June One thousand right hundred

877

1850. Stamp Duties Cap. 97.

and forty-four, and before or upon the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, for setting or demising Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland at any yearly Bent not exceeding Fifty Pounds, shall be held or deemed to be or to have been subject or liable to any higher Amount of Stamp Duty than the said reduced Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence payable on an Agreement, or Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, under Hand only, by virtue of the said Act of the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign.

[Preamble.]

VI. And whereas under or by virtue of the said several Acts herein-before recited, or some of them, certain Stamp Duties are now payable for or in respect of any Bargain

and Sale or Lease for a Year, for vesting the Possession of Lands or other Hereditaments, and enabling the Bargainee to take a Release of the Freehold or Inheritance: And whereas

by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering a Release as 4 & 5 Vict. c. 2l 4 effectual for the Conveyance of Freehold Estates as a Lease and Release by the same Parties, it is provided, that every Deed or Instrument taking effect under the said last-mentioned Act in the Manner therein mentioned shall be chargeable with the same Amount of Stamp Duty as any Bargain and Sale or Lease for a Year would have been chargeable with 4 (except Progressive Duty) if executed to give Effect to such Deed or Instrument, in addition to the Stamp Duties which such Deed or Instrument shall be chargeable with as a Release or otherwise under any Act or Acts relating to Stamp Duties:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 8 & 9 Vict Law of Real Property, it is enacted, that every Deed which c*106 *

by force only of the said last-mentioned Act shall be effectual as a Grant shall be chargeable with the Stamp Duty with which the same Deed would have been chargeable in case the same had been a Release founded on a Lease or Bargain and Sale for a Year, and also with the same Stamp Duty (exclusive of Progressive Duty) with which such Lease or Bargain and Sale for a Year would have been chargeable:

And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Stamp Duties Sump Duties now payable for or in respect of any such Bargain and Sale

or Lease for a Year as aforesaid, and also, to repeal so much uch of'«dd *°

of the said Two several Acts last mentioned as imposes upon Two Acts as is any Deed or Instrument the said additional Stamp Duty as recl*?' re-

for a Bargain and Sale or Lease for a Year:' Be it there- peal

fore enacted, That the said Duties now payable for or in respect of any such Bargain and Sale or Lease for a Year as aforesaid, and also so much of the said Two several last-mentioned Acts as is herein-before recited, shall, so far as the same respectively relate to any Deed or instrument which shall bear Date after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be and the same are hereby repealed.

[Preamble.]

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty-

fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and the

Schedule

Additional Duty on a Conveyance by Feoffment or Bargain and Sale enrolled, repealed.

All Persons receiving Monies for Stamp Duties, and misappropriating the same, to be liable for the Amount, and the Court of Exchequer to enforce Payment thereof.

For removing Doubts as to the Duties upon Transfers of Mortgages.

Cap. 97. Stamp Duties. 13 & 14 Vict.

Schedule thereto annexed, it is provided, that where any Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed by a 4 Deed of Feoffment or by a Deed of Bargain and Sale enrolled, such Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale, unless accompanied with a Lease and Release, shall be charged with such further Duty as in the said last-mentioned Schedule is specified and contained in that Behalf: Be it enacted, That so much of the said last-mentioned Act and of the said Schedule as charges such Deed of Feoffment or Bargain and Sale with any such further Duty shall, as to any such Deed as aforesaid which shall bear Date at any Time after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, be and the same is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall have received or gotten into his Hands, or shall receive or get into his Hands, any Sum or Sums of Money as and for the Stamp Duty upon or in respect of any Deed, Instrument, or Transaction, or intended Deed, Instrument, or Transaction, or the Duty upon or in respect of any Legacy or Residue, and shall improperly neglect or omit to appropriate such Sum or Sums of Money to the due Payment of such Duty, or shall otherwise by or under any Means or Pretence whatsoever improperly withhold or detain the same, every such Person shall be accountable for the Amount of such Duty or Sum or Sums of Money, and the same shall be a Debt from such Person to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and recoverable as such accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the Barons of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, upon Application to be made for that Purpose on behalf of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, upon such Affidavit as to such Court may appear sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Person, or his Executor or Administrator, to show cause why he should not deliver to the said Commissioners an Account upon Oath of all such Duties and Sums of Money as aforesaid, and why the same should not be forthwith paid to the Receiver General of Inland Revenue, or to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint or authorize to receive the same; and it shall be lawful for such Court to refer the .taking or auditing of any such Account to the proper Officer of such Court, who shall examine any such Person as a Debtor or alleged Debtor to the Crown, on personal Interrogatories, if such Court shall think proper so to do; and it shall be lawful for such Court to make absolute any such Rule as aforesaid in every Case in which the same may appear to such Court to be proper and necessary, and to enforce by Attachment or otherwise the Payment of any such Duties or Sums of Money as on such Proceedings shall appear to such Court to be due, together with the Costs of all such Proceedings.

IX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to certain Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland respectively payable under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the said Act of the Third Year of the Reign

185a

879

Stamp Dutiesv Cap. 97.

Reign of King George the Fourth, and the several Acts respecti^ely therein recited or mentioned, and the said Act of 1 th* Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, or under some or one of the said several Acts respectively, upon ' or in respect of certain Deeds or Instruments herein-after mentioned, and it is proper that such Doubts should be re-

moved:' Be it therefore enacted and declared, That any Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation, already made, or which on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty may be made, of any Mortgage or Wadset or of any other Security in the said Acts or any of them mentioned, or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or Stock thereby secured, shall not, by reason of its containing, either by the Mortgagor or by any Person entitled to the Property mortgaged by Descent, Devise, or Bequest from such Mortgagor, any further or additional Security for the Payment or Transfer or Re-transfer of such Money or Stock, or any Interest or Dividends thereon, or any new Covenant, Proviso, Power, Stipulation, or Agreement, or other Matter whatever, in relation to such Money or Stock, or the Interest or Dividends thereon, or by reason of its containing all or any of such Matters, be or be deemed to be liable to any further or other Duty (except Progressive Duty) than the Duty herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) where no further Money or Stock has been or shall be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured, a Stamp Duty of One Pound Fifteen Shillings, and where any further Sum of Money or Stock has been or shall be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured, the same Stamp Duty only as on a Mortgage or Wadset for such further Sum or Stock; and that any Deed or Instrument, either by the Mortgagor or by any Person entitled as aforesaid, already made or which may be made as aforesaid, operating or intended to operate as a further Charge or as a Security for any further or additional Money or Stock advanced upon any Property already comprised in any Mortgage or other Security, shall not by reason of its containing all or any of the Matters aforesaid, in relation to the Money or Stock previously secured, or the Interest or Dividends thereon, be deemed to be liable to any further or other Stamp Duty than the Duty chargeable on an original Mortgage for the further or additional Money or Stock in and by such Deed of further Charge or Security charged or secured, or intended so to be.

X. And whereas numerous Leases have been from Time to For affording

Time granted upon or after Sales made in consideration of Helief in certain c Money paid to some other Person or Persons than the Lessor, CaaesofLeases *

without stamping such Leases wdth any ad valorem Stamp

in respect of such pecuniary Consideration, the Parties to

such Leases conceiving that the Provisions of the several Acts

now in force requiring the Consideration to be set out, and

imposing an act valorem Duty thereon, did not apply to any

For removing Doubts regarding Progressive Duties.

Progressive Duties not to be charged on Deeds or Instruments in respect of others duly stamped, and endorsed on or referred to therein.

Terms and Conditions on which Deeds, &c. may be stamped after the signing thereof.

Cap. 97. Stamp Duties. 13 & 14 Vict.

other Consideration than that passing between the Lessor and Lessee; but inasmuch as Doubts have arisen on the Subject, it is reasonable that such Relief as is hereinafter mentioned should be afforded in such Cases: Be it therefore enacted and declared, That no Lease made and executed before the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred tod fifty shall be adjudged, deemed, or taken to be improperly stamped by reason of there not being an act valorem Stamp impressed thereon for or in respect of any pecuniary Consideration which may have been paid or may be therein expressed to be paid by the Lessee to any other Person or Persons than the Lessor, and that the Seller and the Lessee respectively in any such Lease, and any Attorney, Solicitor, Writer to the Signet, or other Person employed in or about the Preparation or Completion of the same, shall be exempted from all Penalties and other Liabilities for or by reason of any Default in setting forth any such pecuniary Consideration as aforesaid.

XI. And whereas by the several Acts now in force relating to the Stamp Duties, as well as by this Act, certain Stamp Duties called Progressive Duties are imposed upon Deeds and Instruments in respect of certain Quantities of Words contained therein, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or endorsed thereon or annexed thereto:

And whereas Doubts are entertained whether such Progressive Duties are chargeable on any Deed or Instrument in respect of the Words contained in any other Deed or Instrument liable to Stamp Duty and duly stamped which may be put or endorsed upon or annexed to or referred to in or by such first-mentioned Deed or Instrument, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts: Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the said Progressive Duties shall not be deemed or held to be or to have been imposed or chargeable upon any Deed or Instrument in respect of the Words or any Quantity of the Words contained in any other Deed or Instrument liable to Stamp Duty and duly stamped which may be or may have been put or endorsed upon or annexed to such first-mentioned Deed or Instrument, or which may be or may have been in any Manner incorporated with or referred to in or by the same.

XII. And whereas, for securing the due Payment of the Stamp Duties imposed by Law on Deeds and other Instruments, it is expedient to alter the Terms and Conditions on which any such Deed or Instrument may be stamped after the Execution or signing thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That where any Deed or Instrument liable by Law to any Stamp Duty shall be written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and shall be signed or executed by any Person before such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the said Duty, then and in every such Case there shall be due, answered, and paid to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the whole or (as the Case may be) the Deficiency of the Stamp Duty payable upon or in respect of such

Deed

881

JL86QC; Stamp Duties. Cap. 97.

Deed or Instrument, and there shall also be paid and payable, over apd above the; said Duty or Deficiency of Duty, byway of Penalty, and in lieu of any former Penalty imposed or made payable by Law in the like Case, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and > where the whole Amount of the Duty or Deficiency of Duty, as the Case may>; be, to be denoted by the Stamp or Stamps required.to , be impressed on such Deed or Instrument when the same shall be brought to be stamped, shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, there shall be paid by way of Penalty, in addition to the said Sum of Ten Pounds, Interest on the said Duty or Deficiency of Duty computed at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Date or first signing or Execution of such Deed or Instrument; provided, that if such Interest shall .exceed in Amount the said Duty or Deficiency of Duty, then them.shall be paid by way of Penalty, in addition to the said Duty or Deficiency of Duty, and the said Sum of Ten Pounds, and in lieu of the said Interest, a Sum equal to the Amount of, the said Duty or Deficiency of Duty; and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue are hereby required, upon Payment of the said Duty or Deficiency of Duty, and of the said Sum or Sums herein-before directed to be paid by way of Penalty, to cause such. Deed or Instrument to be duly stamped with a Stamp or Stamps for denoting the Payment of such Duty or Deficiency, and also with a Stamp for denoting the Payment. of a Penalty, in lien of the Receipt heretofore required by: any Act to be written or given for such Penalty; and no such Deed or Instrument .shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, or admitted to be good, useful, or available in Law Or Equity, until the same shall be duly stamped in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that where it shall appear to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, upon Oath or otherwise, to their Satisfaction, that any Deed or Instrument hath not been duly stamped previously to being signed or executed, by reason of Accident, .Mistake, Inadvertency, or urgent Necessity, and without any wiliul Design or Intention to defraud Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable in respect thereof, or, to evade or delay the Payment of such Duty, then and in any such Case, if such Deed or Instrument shall within Twelve Calendar Months after the first signing or executing of the same by any Person be brought to the said Commissioners in order to be stamped, and the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon by Law shall be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to remit the whole or any Part of the Penalty payable on stamping such Deed or Instrument, and to cause such Deed or Instrument to be duly stamped, upon Payment of the whole, or, as the Case may be, the Deficiency of the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon by Law, and either with or without any Portion of the said Penalty; and thereupon every such Deed or Instrument shall be as valid and available in the Law as it would have been if it had been duly stamped before the signing or executing of the same: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall

Commissioners of Inland Revenue authorized to remit the Penalty on stamping Deeds, &c. within Twelve Months alter the signing thereof.

882 Cap. 97. Stamp Duties. 13 & 14 VICT.

Not to extend to extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Deed or Instrument for the stamping of which after the signing or ProvisimTii Execution thereof Provision is specially made by any Law now made, or where in force, or to any Deed or Instrument the stamping of which the stamping after the feigning or Execution thereof is expressly prohibited hibhed.aWpr°" or restricted by any such Law as aforesaid, or to repeal, alter, or affect any such Provision, Prohibition, or Restriction. Commissioners

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be may stamp lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to order and

ecuted'abrcMid* direct that any Deed or Instrument which shall have been or without Penalty, shall or may be signed or executed by any Party thereto at any if brought to Place out of the united Kingdom may be duly stamped, upon Two Months Payment of the proper Stamp Duty payable thereon, and with-after Arrival out Payment of any additional Duty or Penalty, provided such

home. Deed or Instrument shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be stamped as aforesaid within the Space of Two Calendar Months from the Time when the same shall have been received in the United Kingdom, and provided Proof shall be first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Facts aforesaid.

For removing

XIV. And whereas Doubts frequently arise as to the Stamp Doubts as to Duties with which some Deeds or Instruments are chargeable, ofestamC1Duty expedient that Provision should be made whereby

paid on Deeds! ' such Doubts may be removed:' Be it therefore enacted, That when any Deed or Instrument liable to Stamp Duty, whether previously stamped or otherwise, shall be presented to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue at their Office, and the Party presenting the same shall desire to have the Opinion of the said Commissioners as to the Stamp Duty with which such Deed or Instrument in their Judgment is chargeable, and shall tender and pay to the said Commissioners a Fee of Ten Shillings (which shall be accounted for and paid over as Part of Her Majesty's Revenue arising from Stamp Duties), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to assess and charge the Stamp Duty to which in their Judgment such Deed or Instrument is liable, and upon Payment of the Stamp Duty so assessed and charged by them, or, in the Case of a Deed or Instrument insufficiently stamped, of such a Sum as, together with the Stamp Duty already paid thereon, shall be equal to the Duty so assessed and charged, and upon Payment also of the Amount, if any, payable by way of Penalty on stamping such Deed or Instrument, to stamp such Deed or Instrument with the proper Stamp or Stamps denoting the Amount of the Duty so paid, and thereupon, or if the full Stamp Duty to which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners such Deed or Instrument shall be liable shall have been previously paid and denoted upon the same in manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall impress upon such Deed or Instrument a particular Stamp to be provided by them for that Purpose, with such Word or Words or Device or Symbol thereon as they shall think proper in that Behalf, and such last-mentioned Stamp shall be deemed and taken to signify and

denote

1850.

883

Stamp Duties.

Cap. 97 *

denote that the full Amount of Stamp Duty with which such Deed or Instrument is by Law chargeable has been paid, and every Deed or Instrument upon which the same shall be impressed shall be deemed to have been duly stamped, and shall be receivable in Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, notwithstanding any Objection made to the same as being insufficiently stamped; save and except that such last-mentioned Stamp shall not be impressed upon any Deed or Instrument chargeable with ad valorem Duty under or by reference to the Head of Bond or Mortgage in the Schedule to this Act where the same is made as a Security for the Payment or Transfer or Re-transfer of Money or Stock without any Limit as to the Amount thereof; and provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to require or authorize the said Commissioners to stamp as last aforesaid any Probate of a Will or Letters of Administration, or to stamp as last aforesaid any Deed or Instrument after the signing or Execution thereof in any Case in which the stamping thereof is expressly prohibited by any Law in force.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Party presenting such Deed or Instrument to the said Commissioners as aforesaid for their Opinion as to the Stamp Duty with which the same is chargeable shall declare himself dis-satisfied with the Determination made by them in that Behalf, it shall be lawful for such Party, upon paying the Amount of the Stamp Duty according to such Determination, and depositing with the said Commissioners the Sum of Forty Shillings for Costs and Charges to be paid by him in the Event herein-after provided for, to require the said Commissioners to state specially and to sign the Case on which the Question with respect to such Stamp Duty arose, together with their Determination thereupon, which Case the said Commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid in order that he may appeal against such Determination to Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster; and upon the Application of the said Party (due Notice thereof being given to the Solicitor of Inland Revenue, to the end that Counsel may be heard on behalf of the said Commissioners,) it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer and the said Court is hereby required to hear and determine the said Appeal, and to decide as to the Stamp Duty with which such Deed or Instrument is chargeable, and according to such Decision the Stamp Duty and Penalty (if any) which shall have been the Subject of such Case shall be deemed to have been payable by Law; and if no Excess of Stamp Duty or Penalty shall have been paid to the said Commissioners by the said Appellant, over and above the Sum which according to the Decision of the said Court ought to have been paid upon or in respect of such Deed or Instrument, the said Sum of Forty Shillings deposited for Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be applied to the Use of Her Majesty's Revenue; but if any such Excess as aforesaid shall have been

3 K 3 w

Party dis-satisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners as to the Stamp Duty chargeable may appeal to the Court of Exchequer, and the Duty shall be paid according to the Decision of the Court.

Conveyances, Mortgages, and Settlements of Property under Contract or Obligation before 20th March 1850 exempted from any increased ad valorem Duty.

du puiu. bJj i/uu uuivi xvy i/uv uuui^ vu^ukiavl »t ivia tuv oniu

Sum of Forty Shillings deposited as aforesaid, 'shall be repaid by the said Commissioners to the said Appellant; J and if the Sum paid for Stamp Duty or Penalty upon or in respect of such Deed or Instrument shall fall short of the Amount which, according to the Decision of the said Court upon any such Appeal, is chargeable or ought to be paid upon or in respect of such Deed or Instrument, the Deficiency of such Stamp Duty or Penalty, or both, as the Case may be, shall be paid by the said Appellant to the said Commissioners, and the Court shall order and enforce the Payment thereof accordingly.

XVI. And be it enacted, That where any Lands ot other Property shall have been actually and bona fide contracted to be sold prior to the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty by any Contract or Agreement in Writing duly stamped, or shall have been actually and bona fide sold under the Decree of any Court made prior to the said Twen* tieth Day of March, and the same Shall be conveyed to the Purchaser or any other Person by his Direction after the Tenth Day of October, and before or on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or where any Lands or other Property shall have been actually and bona fide contracted to be mortgaged prior to the said Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and the Abstract of Title of the Mortgagor to such Lands or other Property shall have been actually delivered to the intended Mortgagee or his Solicitor prior to the said Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and the Same Mortgage shall be executed after the said Tenth Day of October, and before or on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, or where any Deed or Instrument Hable to the ad valorem Duty by this Act granted under the Head of " Settlement" in the Schedule to this Act shall be executed after the said Tenth Day of October, and before or on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight* hundred and fifty-one, in pursuance of an Obligation contained in any Deed, Will, or other Instrument which was actually and bona fide in force and obligatory upon the Party executing the same prior to the said Twentieth'Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or in pursuance of the Decree of any Court made prior to that Day, the principal or only Deed or Instrument whereby such Lands or other Property as aforesaid shall be conveyed or mortgaged respectively, and the principal or only Deed chargeable with ad valorem Duty by this Act granted under the Head of " Settlement " in the Schedule hereto, shall be exempt from any ad valorem Duty of a greater Amount than would have been payable on such Deed or Instrument respectively if this Act had not been passed; but in order to prevent Frauds such Deed or Instrument shall be produced on or before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, duly executed and duly stamped, to the Commissioners of Inland ^venue, and upon its being

1860.

Stamp Duties *

Cap. 97.

886

proved to. their Satisfaction that the Lands or other Property .therein comprised were actually and bona fide contracted to be sold as aforesaid, or were actually and bona fide sold under the Decree of any Court made prior to the said Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, or that such Lands or other Property therein comprised were actually and bona fide contracted to be mortgaged as aforesaid, and that the Abstract of Title thereto was actually delivered as aforesaid, or that such Deed or Instrument liable to the ad valorem Duty by this Act, granted under the Head of Settlement " in the Schedule to this Act, was executed in pursuance of an Obligation contained in such Deed, Will, or other Instrument so in force and obligatory as aforesaid, or was actually and bona fide executed in pursuance of the Decree of any Court made prior to the said Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and that such Deed or Instrument was duly executed on or before the Thirty-first Day of March Ope thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or some or One of them, shall sign a Certificate of what shall be so proved to their Satisfaction upon such Deed or Instrument, and thereupon such Deed or Instrument, being stamped with the ad valorem Duty which wopld have been payable if this Act had not been passed, shall be as valid and available in the Law as if the same had been stamped with the said act valorem Duty by this Act granted, but the same shall not without such Certificate be given in Evidence or be in any Manner available, unless stamped with such ad valorem Duty last mentioned.

XVII. 'And whereas it is considered that under the Pro- 1 & 2 G. 4. C. 55.

visions of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Kong George the Fourth, intituled An Act to remove Doubts as to the Amount of Stamp Duties to be paid on Deeds and other Instruments under the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, any Deed, Agreement,

or other Instrument which relates wholly to Real or Personal Property in Ireland, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) to be done in Ireland, cannot after the engrossing thereof properly be stamped elsewhere than at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and also that any Deed,

Agreement, or other Instrument which relates to any Real

or Personal Property situate elsewhere than in Ireland, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) tt>

be done elsewhere than in Ireland, cannot after the engrossing thereof properly be stamped elsewhere than at the Stamp Office in London: And whereas such Construction of the said Act as aforesaid is the Occasion of Inconvenience Be Deeds, &c. may it therefore enacted and declared, That from and after the be stamped passing of this Act any such Deed, Agreement, or Instrument orthDublba?ndon as aforesaid may and shall, without regard to the Place where the Property, Matter, or Thing to which the same may relate may be situate or may be to be done, be stamped with such Duty or Duties as the same may be liable to, either at the

3 K 4

886

The Allowance on Receipt Stamps granted by 12 & 13 VicU c. 80. repealed.

Allowance of 7/. 10*. per Cent, granted.

Reciting 55 G.S. c. 101. as to Fire Insurances in Ireland.

Cap. 97.

Stamp Duties

13 & 14 Vict.

Stamp Office in London or at the Stamp Office in Dublin, according as the same shall for that Purpose be presented at either of the said Offices.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps, and for the receiving and accounting for the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate, and to grant other Allowances in lieu thereof an Allowance at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings per Cent. is granted to any Person who shall produce at the Office of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in London or Dublin, to be stamped, or shall purchase of the said Commissioners at their Office in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Vellum, Parchment,

or Paper stamped with Stamps (not being Labels for Medicines) under the Value respectively of Ten Pounds each, but to the Amount or Value in the whole of Thirty Pounds or upwards: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said ' Allowance, so far as relates to Stamps for Receipts, and to grant another and increased Rate of Allowance in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Allowance granted by the said last-mentioned Act, so far as the same relates to Stamps for Receipts, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that in lieu thereof there shall be made and granted the Allowance following; (that is to say,) to any Person who at one and the same Time shall produce at the Office of the said Commissioners in London or Dublin Paper to be stamped with Stamps for Receipts to the Amount of Five Pounds or upwards, or shall purchase at the Office of the scud Commissioners in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin Stamps for Receipts to the Amount of Five Pounds or upwards, or of any Distributor or Sub-distributor of Stamps at any Place not within the Distance of Ten Miles from the said Offices respectively to the Amount of One Pound or upwards, an Allowance at and after the Rate of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, provided that no such Allowance shall be made for any Fraction of a Pound.

XIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties on Matters in respect of which Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, it is enacted, that the said Commissioners shall annually grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, 4 Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from Loss by Fire to all and every Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate or Person or Persons applying for the same in manner therein mentioned, and that where the Business of Insurance is carried on by a Company consisting of a greater Number than Four the said Licence shall be granted to such Two or more of such Company or Partners, or if such Company or Partnership shall be a British Company or Partnership, then to such Agent or Agents resident in Ireland as shall be named to the said Commissioners; and that no Person or Persons or Body or

. 4 Bodies

887

1850.

Stamp Duties.

Cap. 97 *

Bodies Politic or Corporate shall insure, or open or keep any ' Office in Ireland for insuring, Houses, Furniture, Goods, c Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from Loss by Fire,

without having first taken out and continuing to take out

annually a Licence for that Purpose; and it is also enacted,

that all and every Person and Persons and Body or Bodies

Politic or Corporate to whom any such Licence as aforesaid f shall be granted shall at the Time of receiving such Licence ' give such Security, with sufficient Sureties, to be approved

of by the said Commissioners of Stamps, by Bond to His Majesty, conditioned for making out, signing, and delivering f the Accounts of all Monies received for Duties upon such

Insurances, and Payment of the same, as therein mentioned:

And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the i Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Persons 6 & 7 W. 4. C. 28.

to make Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving and l & 2 Vict. 4 Security by Bond to the Postmaster General and Commissioner* c*6}' "f° *"

of Land Ilevenue9 Customs, Excise, Stamps and Taxes9 and of ° toc

an Act passed in the First and Second Years of Her present

Majesty's Reign, for amending the said last-mentioned Act,

any Person from whom any Security is required in respect of ' any Matter relating to the Revenues of the Post Office, Land ' Revenues, Customs, Excise, Stamps, or Taxes, is enabled, in c lieu of giving such Security by Bond, to give the same by

Transfer of Stock or Deposit of Exchequer Bills, as therein ' mentioned: And whereas the giving of Security every Year i by Persons in Ireland insuring Property from Loss or Damage 6 by Fire on taking out a Licence for that Purpose is attended ' with great Inconvenience, and it is expedient to provide a

Remedy for the same Be it therefore enacted, That every insurance Licence which shall be hereafter granted for insuring Houses, licences in Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from lreUn<1 Loss by Fire, under the said Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year perm"cnt' of the Reign of King George the Third, shall endure and remain in force from the Day of the Date thereof for and during all such Time as the Body Politic or Corporate to which the same shall be granted, or the Person or Persons therein named, or any of them, shall continue to insure or carry on the Business of Fire Insurance, or, in the Case of a Company in Ireland not incorporate, so long as the Persons named in the Licence shall be Members or Partners or a Member or Partner of the Company named or described in such Licence, and as and for the, whole of which the same shall have been granted, anything in any of the said recited Acts or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that every Security to be Person and Body Politic or Corporate to whom any such given for Pay-Licence as aforesaid shall be granted shall give Security by ment uUe*' Bond to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in such Sum as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or their proper Officer in that Behalf in Ireland, shall think proper, with sufficient Sureties* to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or

Officer,

888 Cap. 97. Stamp Duties. 13 & 14 Tier.

The Security to continue in force so long as the Person to whom the Licence is granted or the Company shall continue to insure.

The Security to be renewed.

Officer, or by Transfer of Stock or Deposit of Exchequer Bills, in pursuance of the said recited Acts in that Behalf* for duly and faithfully keeping, making out, signing, and delivering, in the Manner required by any Act of Parliament relating thereto, all and every the Accounts by any such Act required to be kept, made out, signed, and delivered by Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate to whom Licence is granted for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property from Loss by Fire, and for duly and faithfully paying, as required by any such Act, the Duties which shall appear to be due on such Accounts respectively, and for truly and faithfully observing and performing all the Directions, Matters, and Things contained in the said Acts, on the Part of such licensed Person or Body Politic or Corporate to be observed and performed; and every such Security to be given under any of the said Acts, whether by Bond, or Transfer or Deposit of Stock or Exchequer Bills, and in the Case of any such Transfer or Deposit in or into whose Name or Names soever* together with the Name of the Chairman of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being, the Stock or Exchequer Bills shall be or be transferred or deposited, shall continue and be a Security for the due Performance of all Things required as aforesaid, not only during all such Time as the Licence to which the same shall relate shall be in force, but, in the Case of Bodied Politic or Corporate or Companies not incorporate in Ireland, during all such Time as the Body Politic or Corporate or the Company not incorporate named or described in such Licence shall insure any such Property from Loss by Fire, or shall cany on the Business of such Insurance, whether any such Licence shall be in force or not, or otherwise, according to the Conditions of any such Bond, or the Terms or Conditions of any Declaration relating to any such Stock or Exchequer Bills; and such Stock or Exchequer Bills may, when the Security for which the same was or were transferred or deposited shall be no longer necessary, be transferred or delivered up to any of the Persons who for the Time being shall be a Partner or Member or Partners or Members of the Company for or on whose Behalf the same* was or were transferred or deposited, or otherwise, according to the Terms, if any, in that Behalf mentioned and contained in any such Declaration as the said Chairman for the Time being shall think proper: Provided always, that every such Security shall be renewed from Time to Time as often as any such Bond shall become forfeited, or any of the Parties thereto shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in Parts beyond the Seas, and also as often as the said Commissioners or their said Officer shall think fit, and in such Amount as they or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, whether the same shall be by Bond or Transfer or Deposit as aforesaid; and in the event of any Neglect or Refusal to renew the same, when required by thus Act, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue or their said Officer, it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioner* to

1850:

Stamp Duties. Cap. 97. 889

revoke the Licence which shall have been granted to the Body Politic or Corporate, or Company, or Person or Persons, neglecting or refusing to renew such Security, to insure Property from Loss by Fire, and thenceforth such Licence shall cease and determine.

XX. And in order to avoid the frequent Use of divers Terms Construction of and Expressions, and to prevent any Misconstruction of the certai.n Term* Terms and Expressions used in this or any other Act relating Actg.m tamp to Stamp Duties, be it enacted, That wherever in this Act or in

any other such Act as aforesaid, with reference to any Person,

Offence, Matter, or Thifag, any Word or Words is or are or have been or shall be used importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only, yet such Words shall be understood to include several Persons as well as one Person, Females as well as Males, Bodies Politic or Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters or Things as well as one Matter or Thing, unless it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; and that wherever the several Words, Terms, or Expressions following are or shall be used in this Act or in any other such Act as aforesaid, with reference to any Deed or Instrument, they shall be construed respectively in the Manner herein-after directed, (that is to say,) the Word " write" or the Word "written" shall be respectively deemed to mean and include the several Words " print " or " printed," or <c partly write and partly print," or " partly written and partly printed," as well as " write " or " written."

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act be or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of artlen Parliament.

The SCHEDULE referred to,

CONTAINING

THE DUTIES GRANTED BY THIS ACT.

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of Agreement, made in England or Ireland under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Registration, (not charged otherwise than under the Head AGREEMENT in the Schedule to the Act 55 G. 3. c. /&£., nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty,) where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of 2QL or upwards, whether the same shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or endorsed thereon or annexed thereto -

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

s. d.

2 6 2 6

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money:

Not exceeding 501.

Exceeding 50/. and not exceeding 100/.

Exceeding 100/. and not exceeding 150/.

Exceeding 150/. and not exceeding 200/.

Exceeding 200L and not exceeding 250/.

Exceeding 250/. and not exceeding 300U

And where the same shall exceed 300/., then for every 100/. and also for any fractional Part of 100/.

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced, or paid, or which may become due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Case may be;

Where the Money secured or to be ultimately reco- r verable thereupon shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum - - I

And where the total Amount of the Money secured I or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon shall be< uncertain, and without any Limit

And where there shall be no Penalty of the Bond in such last-mentioned Case, such Bond shall be available for such an Amount only as the ad valorem Duty denoted by any Stamp or Stamps thereon will extend to cover.

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and< Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Ireland, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation

Heritable BOND in Scotland for any of the Purposes aforesaid. — See Mortgage.

£ 1. A

0 1 3

0 2 6

0 3 9

0 5 0

0 6 3

0 7 6

0 2 6

The same Duty as on a Bond for such limited Sum.

The same Duty n on a Bond for a Sum equal to the Amount of the Penalty of such Bond.

The same ad valorem Duty as on a Bond for a Sum of Money equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Bond, or on either of the

ing, or if there shall not have been any known Sale on any of such Days, then on the latest Day preceding on which there shall have been a known Sale.

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall be secured also by a Mortgage or Wadset, or other Instrument or Writing herein-after charged with and which shall have paid the same Duty as a Mortgage or Wadset, or for the Performance of Covenants contained in such Mortgage or other Instrument or Writing, or for both those Purposes, provided such Mortgage, Wadset, or other Instrument or Writing shall bear even Date with and be referred to in such Bond; t

Where the Sum of Money or the Value of the Stock J or Funds secured shall not exceed 800/. -

And where such Sum of Money or Value shall exceed 800/ .....

£ s. d.

The same ad valorem Doty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for securing the like Amount or Value.

1 0 0

BOND in England or Ireland^ and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as an additional or further Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, previously secured by a Bond, Mortgage, or other Security therein referred to, and which shall have paid the proper ad valorem Duty on Bonds or Mortgages imposed by Law at the Date thereof;

Where the Sum of Money or the Value of the Stock or Funds secured shall not exceed 1, 400/.

And where such Sum of Money or the Value of the Stock or Funds secured shall exceed 1, 400/.

The same ad valorem Duty as on a Bond or Mortgage for securing the like Sum or Value.

1 15 0

BOND. — Any Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Assignation of any such Bond as aforesaid, and which shall have paid the proper ad valorem Duty on Bonds;

Where the Principal Money or Stock secured by the Bond shall not exceed in Amount or Value in< the whole the Sum of 1, 400/.

And in every other Case such Transfer, Assignment, Disposition, or Assignation shall be chargeable with the Duty of -

The same Duty as on a Bond for the total Amount or Value of such Principal Money or Stock.

1 15 0

And see Progressive Duty.

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as the only or principal Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof -

For the Duty payable, see Conveyance upon the Sale of Property.

The same ad valorem Duty as on a Conveyance upon Sale in consideration of the Sum or Value given or agreed to be given for the Purchase of such Annuity.

SCHEDULE. Duty.

BOND, in England or Ireland, and Personal Bond in Scotland, given as a collateral or auxiliary Security for the Payment of any Annuity upon the original Creation and Sale thereof, where the same shall be granted or conveyed > or secured by any other Deed or Instrument liable to and charged with the ad valorem Duty imposed by Law on . Conveyances upon the Sale of any Property; £ s. d.

Where such ad valorem Duty shall not exceed 20s. such Bond shall be chargeable with a Stamp Duty of equal Amount with the said act valorem Duty. And where such ad valorem Duty shall exceed 20s. such Bond shall be chargeable with the Duty of - 10 0

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal or Heritable Bond*') in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity, {except upon the original Creation and Sale J thereof,) or of any Sum of Sums "of Money, at stated Periods (not being Interest for any Principal Sum, nor \ Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack), for any definite and certain Term, so that the total Amount | of the Money to be paid can be previously ascertained - J The same ad valorem Duty as oo a Bond of the like Nature for the Payment of aSm* of Money equal to such total Amount

BOND in England or Ireland, and Personal or Heritable Bond in Scotland, given as a Security for the Payment of any Annuity, (except as aforesaid,) or of any Sum or Sums of Money at stated Periods (not being Interest for any Principal Sum, nor Rent reserved or payable upon any Lease or Tack), for the Term of Life or any other indefinite Period, so that the whole Money to be paid cannot be previously ascertained;

Where the Annuity or Sum secured shall not exceed 501. per Annum - -, - 1 0 0

And where the same shall exceed 50/. and not exoeed 100l. per Annum - 2 0 0

And where the same shall exceed 100l. per Annum, then for every 100l. per Annum and also for any fractional Part of 100l. per Annum 2 0 0

But where there shall be both a Personal and Heritable Bond in Scotland in separate Deeds of the same Date for securing any such Annuity or Sums payable at stated Periods, and the ad valorem Duty above charged thereon shall amount to 2L or upwards, the Heritable Bond only shall be charged with the ad valorem Duty, and the Personal Bond shall be charged only with a Duty of - 1 0 0

BOND of any Kind or Description gtven for any other Pur- 1 pose than as aforesaid - - j 1 The Duty chargeable thereon by any Act or Acts now in force.

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that no such Bond as last mentioned shall be charged or [chargeable under this or any other Act or Acts | with any greater Amount of Stamp Duty than i the ad valorem Duty herein-before charged upon j a Bond given for the Payment of a definite and certain Sum of Money of the same Amount as the Penalty of such Bond.

And in all the said several Cases of BOND see Progressive Duty.

CHARTER of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novo-damus, or upon apprising, or upon a Decreet of Adjudication or Sale of any Lands, or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland, holden of any Subject Superior -

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of

CONVEYANCE, whether Grant, Disposition, Lease, Assignment, Transfer, Release, Renunciation, or of any other Kind or Description whatsoever, upon the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, or of any Right, Title, Interest, or Claim in, to, out of, or upon any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or other Property, that is to say, for and in respect of the principal or only Deedy Instrument, or Writing whereby the Lands or other Things sold shall be granted, leased, assigned, transferred, released, renounced, or otherwise conveyed to or vested in the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons by his, her, or their Direction;

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money therein or thereupon expressed shall not exceed 25/.

And where the same shall exceed 251. and not exceed 50/.

And where the same shall exceed 50/. and not exceed

7 5/.

And where the same shall exceed 75/. and not exceed 100/. And w'here the same shall exceed 100/. and not exceed 125/.

And where the same shall exceed 125/. and not exceed

150/ .....

And where the same shall exceed 150/. and not exceed 175/.

And where the same shall exceed 175/. and not exceed 200/. ... And where the same shall exceed 200L and not exceed 22 o/.

And where the same shall exceed 225/. and not exceed

250/ .....

And where the same shall exceed 250/. and not exceed 2751 .....

Duty.

£ s. d.

5.0 0 5 0

0 2 6 0 5 0 0 7 6 0 10 0 0 12 6 0 15 0

0 17 6

1 0 0

1 ?

CONVEYAN CE — continued.

And where the same shall exceed 2751. and not exceed 300/.

And where the same shall exceed 300L and not exceed 350/. -

And where the same shall exceed 350/. and not exceed

400/.

And where the same shall exceed 400/. and not exceed

450/ .....

And where the same shall exceed 450/. and not exceed 500L -

And where the same shall exceed 500/. and not exceed

550/ .....

And where the same shall exceed 550/. and not exceed 600/. And where the Purchase or Consideration Money shall exceed 600/., then for every 100/. and also for any fractional Part of 100/.

And it is hereby directed, that the Purchase Money or Consideration shall he truly expressed and set forth in Words at Length in or upon every such principal or only Deed or Instrument of Conveyance; and where such Consideration shall consist either wholly or in part of any Stock or Security, the Value thereof respectively, to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned, shall also be truly expressed and set forth in manner aforesaid in or upon every such Deed or Instrument; and such Value shall be deemed and taken to be the Purchase or Consideration Money, or Part of the Purchase or Consideration Money, as the Case may be, in respect whereof the ad valorem Duty shall be charged as aforesaid.

And where the Consideration or any Part of the Consideration shall be any Stock in any of the Public Funds, or any Government Debenture or Stock of the Bank of England or Bank of Ireland, or any Debenture or Stock of any Corporation, Company, Society, or Persons or Person, payable only at the Will of the Debtor, the said Duty shall be calculated (taking the same respectively, whether constituting the whole or a Part only of such Consideration,) according to the average selling Price thereof respectively on the Day or on either of the Ten Days preceding the Day of the Date of the Deed or Instrument of Conveyance, or if no Sale shall have taken place within such Ten Days, then according to the average selling Price thereof on the Day of the last preceding Sale; and if such Consideration or Part of such Consideration shall be a Mortgage, Judgment, or Bond, or a Debenture, the Amount whereof shall be recoverable by the Holder, or any other Security whatsoever, whether payable in Money or otherwise, then such Calculation shall be made according to the Sum due thereon for both Principal and Interest.

And see'Progressive Duty.

£ s. I 1 10 0

1 15 0

2 0 0 2 5 0 2 10 0

2 15 0

3 v0 0

0 10 0

COPYHOLD ESTATES and Customary Estates passing by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and not by Deed: INSTRUMENTS relating thereto upon the Sale or Mortgage of any such Estates; (that is to say,)

Any ADMITTANCE out of Court, or the Memorandum thereof, or the Copy of Court Roll of any Admittance in Court -And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 1, 080 Words, a further progressive Duty of -

COUNTERPART. See Duplicate.

COVENANT. — Any separate Deed of Covenant made on the Sale or Mortgage of any Freehold, Leasehold, Copyhold, or Customary Estate, or of any Right or Interest therein (the same not being a Deed chargeable with ad valorem Duty under the Head of CONVEYANCE in this Schedule) for the Conveyance, Assignment, Surrender, or Release of such Estate, Right, or Interest, or for the Title to, or quiet Enjoyment, Freedom from Incumbrances, or further Assurance of the same Estate, Right, or Interest, or otherwise, by way of Indemnity in respect of the same, or for the Production of the Title Deeds or Muniments of Title relating thereto, or for all or any of those Purposes;

Where the ad valorem Duty on the Purchase Moneys or Consideration or on the Mortgage Money shall > not exceed the Sum of 10#. -

And where the same shall exceed that Amount

And see Progressive Duty.

COVENANT. — Any Deed containing a Covenant for the Payment or Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share or Shares in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Ireland, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation, in any Case where a Mort- ' gage, if made for the like Purpose, would be chargeable under this Schedule with any ad valorem Duty exceeding in Amount the Sum of 1L 15# .; or for the Payment of any Annuity, or any Sums at stated Periods in any Case where a Bond for the like Purpose would be chargeable with any such Duty ...

For the Duty thereon see BOND or MORTGAGE.

And see Progressive Duty.

Provided always, that where any Covenant shall be made as an additional or further Security for the Payment or Repayment, Transfer or Re-transfer of any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds, or for

£ #. d.

0 2 6

0 2 6

A Duty equal to the Amount of such ad valorem Duty.

0 10 0

The same ad valorem Duty as on a Mortgage or Bond respectively for the like Purpose.

13 & 14 Yici>

SCHEDULE. Duty.

COVENANT — continued. the Payment of any Annuity or Sams at stated Periods, at the same Time or already or previously secured by any Bond or other Instrument mentioned and referred to by the Deed containing such Covenant, and chargeable with and which shall have paid the proper ad valorem Duty under the Head of BOND or MORTGAGE, or (as respects any Annuity^ under the Head of CONVEYANCE, respectively in this Schedule, or under any Act or Acts in force at the Date thereof, in respect of the same Sum or Sums, Share or Shares, the said act valorem Duty hereby charged shall not be payable upon or in respect of such Covenant; and if required for the sake of Evidence the Deed containing such Covenant shall, on the same and such Bond or other Instrument being produced duly stamped in other respects, be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the ad valorem Duty hereby charged. Exemption from the preceding ad valorem Duty, but not from any other Duty to which the same may be liable. Any Covenant contained in any Deed chargeable with any Duty under the Head of MORTGAGE in this Schedule, or in any Deed exempted from the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages by the Act 3 Geo. 4. c. 111., such Deeds hereby exempted operating as a Security by way of Mortgage, or as a Transfer, Assignment, Disposition, or Assignation hereinafter charged for the same Sum or Sums of Money, or Share or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds, which is or are the Subject of such Covenant. Also any Convenant contained in any Deed chargeable with any Duty under the Head of SETTLEMENT in this Schedule, in respect of the same Sum or Sums of Money or Share or Shares in any of the said Stocks or Funds, which is or are the Subject of such Covenant. £ s. d.

DUPLICATE or COUNTERPART of any Deed or Instrument, of any Description whatever, chargeable with any Stamp Duty or Duties, either under this Schedule or any other Act or Acts now in force; f Where such Stamp Duty or Duties chargeable as | aforesaid (exclusive of progressive Duty) shall not^ 1 The same Duty or Duties as shall be chargeable on the original Deed or Instrument, including the progressive Doty thereon (if any).

And where the same (exclusive as aforesaid) shall amount to the Sum of Five Shillings or upwards 0 5 0

DUPLICATE or COUNTERPART — continued.

£ 8.

d

And where in the latter Case any such Deed or Instrument, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or endorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, such Duplicate or Counterpart shall be charged with the further progressive Duty of Provided always, that in such latter Case the Duplicate or Counterpart shall not be available unless stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the full and proper Stamp Duty on the original Deed or Instrument, which said particular Stamp shall be impressed upon such Duplicate or Counterpart, on the same being produced, together with the original Deed or Instrument, and on the whole being duly executed and duly stamped in all other respects.

0 2 6

LEASE or TACK of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, granted in consideration of a Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium, or Grassum paid for the« same, without any yearly Rent, or with any yearly Rent under 20L -

The same Duty as for a Conveyance on the Sale of Lands for a Sum of Money of the same Amount

For the Duty thereon see CONVEYANCE.

(Save and except Leases and Tacks far a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, or far a Term of Years determinable with a Life or Lives not exceeding Three, by whomsoever granted, and Leases for a Term absolute, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, granted by Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate or sole, where the Duties on such Leases and Tacks respectively would, under the Provisions of this Act, amount to ll. 15s. or upwards.)

LEASE or TACK of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects at a yearly Rent, without any Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium, or Grassum paid for the same;

Where the yearly Rent shall not exceed 5/.

And where the same shall exceed 51. and not exceed

10/ .....

And Where the same shall exceed 10/. and not exceed 15/.

And where the same shall exceed 15/. and not exceed 20/. - -And where the same shall exceed 20/. and not exceed 25/.

And where the same shall exceed 25/. and not exceed 50/.

And where the same shall exceed 50/. and not exceed 75/.

3L2

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 5 0

0 7 6

LEASE or TACK — continued.

And where the same shall exceed 75/. and not exceed

100/ .....

Duty.

£ s. d. 0 10 0

And where the same shall exceed 100/., then for every 50/. and also for any fractional Part of 50/.

0 5 0

LEASE or TACK of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, granted in consideration of a Sum of Money by way of Fine, Premium, or Grassum, and also of \ a yearly Rent amounting to 20/. or upwards -

(Save and except the Leases and Tacks hereinbefore excepted.)

LEASE or TACK of any Mine or Minerals or other Property of a like Nature, either with or without any other Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, where any Portion of the Produce of such Mines or Minerals shall be reserved to be paid in Money or Kind;

If it shall be stipulated that the Value of such Portion of the Produce shall amount at least to a given Sum per Annum, or if such Value shall be limited not to exceed a given Sum per Annum, to be specified in such Lease or Tack, then the said act valorem Duty on Leases shall be charged in respect of the highest of such Sums so given or limited for any Year during the Term of such Lease or Tack.

And where any yearly Sum shall be reserved in addition to or together with such Produce, relative to the yearly Amount or Value of which Produce there shall be no such Stipulation or Limitation as aforesaid, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged in respect of such yearly Sum.

And where both a certain yearly Sum and also such Produce relative to the yearly Amount or Value of which there shall be such Stipulation or Limitation as aforesaid shall be reserved, the said act valorem Duty shall be charged on the aggregate of such yearly Sum, and also of the highest yearly Amount or Value of such Produce.

Both the ad tub* rcm Duties payable for a Lease in consideration of a Fine only and for a Lease in consideration of a Kent only of the game Amount

General Regulations as to Leases and Tacks: Where, in any of the aforesaid several Cases of Lease or Tack, any Fine, Premium, or Grassum, or any Rent, payable under any Lease or Tack, shall consist wholly or in part of Com, Grain, or Victual, the Value of such Corn, Grain, or Victual shall be ascertained or estimated at and after any permanent Rate of Conversion which the Lessee may be specially charged with, or have it in his Option to pay; and if no such permanent Rate of Conversion shall have been stipulated, then in England and Ireland respectively at and after the Prices, upon an Average of Twelve Calendar Months preceding

LEASE or TACK — continued. £ i. d.

the First Day of January next before the Date of such Lease or Tack, of the average Prices of British Corn published in the London Gazette in the Manner directed by any Act in force for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales; and in Scotland at and after the Fiars Prices of the County in which the Lands or any Part thereof lie, upon an Average of Seven Years preceding the Date of such Lease or Tack; and such respective Values shall be deemed and taken to be the Fine, Premium, or Grassum, or yearly Rent or Part thereof respectively, as the Case may be, in respect whereof the ad valorem Duty shall be charged as aforesaid.

And where separate and distinct Fines, Premiums, or Grossums shall be paid to several Lessors, being Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Coparceners, in England or Ireland, \ or Proprietors pro indiviso in Scotland, who shall by one and the same Deed or Instrument jointly or severally demise or lease the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects of which they are such Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Coparceners, in England or Ireland, or Proprietors pro indiviso in Scotland, or where separate and distinct Rents shall be by one and the same Deed or Instrument reserved or made payable, or agreed to be reserved or made payable, to the Lessor or to several Lessors, being such Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Coparceners, in England or Ireland, or Proprietors pro indiviso in Scotland, the ad valorem Duties shall be charged in respect of the aggregate Amount of such Fines, Premiums, or Grassums, and of such Rents respectively.

And where any Person, having contracted for, but not having obtained, a Lease of any Lands or other Property, shall contract to sell such Lands or other Property, or any Part thereof, or his Right or Interest therein or thereto, to any other Person, and a Lease shall accordingly be granted to such other Person, the Purchase Money or Consideration which shall be paid or given or agreed to be paid or given to the Person immediately selling to such Lessee shall be set forth in such Lease, and such Lease shall be charged as well with the said act valorem Duty on such Purchase Money or Consideration as with the Duty on the Purchase Money or Consideration or Rent paid or reserved to the Lessor.

LEASE or TACK, of any Kind, not otherwise charged - - 1 15 0

Provided always, that no ad valorent Duty shall be chargeable in respect of any penal Rent, or increased Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent, reserved in any Such Lease or Tack as aforesaid,

3L3 n y

13 & 14 YlOt

SCHEDULE. Duty.

LEASE. — Any Assignment or Surrender of a Lease or Tack upon any other Occasion than a Sale or Mortgage - j £L i A Duty equal to the ad iaiorm Duty with whkb a similar Lea* or Tack would be chargeable under this Act

Provided always, that where a similar Lease or Tack would be chargeable under this Act with any Stamp Duty amounting to 1L 15s. or upwards, then such Assignment or Surrender shall be chargeable only with a Duty of Provided also, that no Stamp Duty, except the said act valorem Duty shall be chargeable for or in respect of any Lease, whether in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, expressed to be granted in consideration of the Surrender of an existing Lease and also of a Sum of Money. And in all the said several Cases of Lease or Tack see Progressive Duty. 1 15 0

MEMORIAL to be registered pursuant to any Act of Parliament made or to be made for the public registering of Deeds and Conveyances in England or Ireland; (that is to say,) For every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which any such Memorial shall be written MORTGAGE, Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, Further Charge, Wadset, and Heritable Bond, Disposition, Assignation, or Tack in Security, and Eik to a Reversion, of or affecting any Lands, Estate, or Property, real or personal, heritable or moveable, whatsoever: Also any Deed containing an Obligation to infeft any Person in an Annual Rent, or in Lands or other Heritable Subjects, in Scotland, under a Clause of Reversion, but without any Personal Bond or Obligation therein contained for Payment of the Money or Stock intended to be secured: Also any Conveyance of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, in trust to be sold or otherwise converted into Money, which shall be intended only as a Security, and shall be redeemable before the Sale or other Disposal thereof, either by express Stipulation or otherwise, except where such Conveyance shall be made for the Benefit of Creditors generally, or for the Benefit of Creditors specified, who shall accept the Provision made for Payment of their Debts in full Satisfaction thereof, or who shall exceed Five in Number: Also any Defeasance, Letter of Reversion, Back Bond, Declaration, or other Deed or Writing for defeating or making redeemable or explaining or qualifyifag any Conveyance, Disposition, Assignation, or Tack of any Lands, Estate, or Property whatsoever, which shall be apparently absolute, but intended only as a Security: 0 2 6

SCHEDULE. Duty.

MORTGAGE — continued. Abo any Agreement, Contract, or Bond, accompanied with a Deposit of Title Deeds for making a Mortgage, Wadset, or any such other Security or Conveyance as aforesaid of any Lands, Estate, or Property comprised in such Title £ t. d.

Deeds, or for pledging or charging the same as a Security: And also any Deed whereby a Real Burden shall be declared or created on Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland; Where the same respectively shall be made as a Security for the Payment of any definite and certain Sum of Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable,

Not exceeding 50/. - 0 1 3

Exceeding 501, and not exceeding 100/. 0 2 6

Exceeding 100/. and not exceeding 150/. 0 3 9

Exceeding 150/. and not exceeding 200/. 0 5 0

Exceeding 200/. and not exceeding 250/. 0 6 3

Exceeding 250/. and not exceeding 300/. And where the same shall exceed 300/., then for 0 7 6

every 100/. and also for any fractional Part of

1001 ---- And where the same respectively shall be made as a Security for the Repayment of Money to be thereafter lent, advanced, or paid, or which may become 0 2 6

due upon an Account Current, together with any Sum already advanced or due, or without, as the Case may be, other than and except any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced for the Insurance of any Property comprised in such Mortgage or Security against Damage by Fire, or to be advanced for the Insurance of any Life or Lives, or for the Renewal of any Grant or Lease upon the dropping of any Life or Lives, pursuant to any Agreement in any Deed whereby any Estate or Interest held upon such Life or Lives shall be granted, assigned, or assured, or whereby any Annuity shall be granted or secured for such Life or Lives; .

If the total Amount of the Money secured or (The same Duty as

to be ultimately recoverable thereupon shall on a Mortgage or Wadset for such limited Sum.

be limited not to exceed a given Sum - I And if the total Amount of the Money secured or to be ultimately recoverable thereupon shall be uncertain and without any Limit, then the same shall be available as a Security or Charge for such an Amount only of Money or Stock intended to be thereby secured as the ad valorem Duty denoted by any Stamp or Stamps thereon will extend to cover. 3 L 4

MORTGAGE — continued.

And where the same respectively shall be made as a Security for the Transfer or Re-transfer of any Share in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Ireland, or of the East India< Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation, in consideration of Stock or Money advanced or lent at the Time, or previously due and owing, or forborne to be paid, being payable ...

MORTGAGE. — And where any such Deed or Instrument as*) aforesaid shall be made respectively as a Security for the j Payment of any Rent-charge or Annuity, or any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Repayment, or in Satisfaction or Discharge, or in Redemption of any Sum of Money lent, [advanced, or paid as or for or in the Nature of a Loan intended to be repaid, satisfied, discharged, or redeemed, in manner aforesaid -

MORTGAGE. — Any Transfer or Assignment, Disposition, or Assignation of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any such other Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or Stock thereby secured;

Where no further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured,

If such Principal Money or Stock already secured shall not exceed in Amount or Value in the whole the Sum of 1, 400/.

And if such Principal Money or Stock shall ex- 'I ceed in Amount or Value in the whole the Sum > of 1, 400/ ..... J

And where any further Sum of Money or Stock shall (be added to the Principal Money or Stock already< secured - -1

And in every other Case not herein-before expressly proO vided for, such Transfer, Assignment, Disposition, or > Assignation shall be chargeable with the Duty of -

£ s. d.

The same Doty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for a Sum of Money equal to the Value of the Stock or Fund secured according to the average Price thereof on the Day of the Date of the Mortgage or other Instrument aforesaid. or on either of the Ten Days preceding, or if there shall not have been any known Sale on any of such Days, then on the latest Day preceding on which there shall have been a known Sale.

The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for the Sum of Money so lent, advanced, or paidL

The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for the total Amount or Value of such Principal Money or Stock.

1 15 0

The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for such fhrther Money or Stock only.

1 15 0

MORTGAGE — continued.

Provided always, that no such Deed or Instrument as aforesaid shall in any of the said several Cases be chargeable with any further or other Duty than is herein expressly provided (except progressive Duty), by reason of its containing any further or additional Security for the Payment or Transfer or Re-transfer of such Money or Stock, or any Interest or Dividends thereon, or any new Covenant, Proviso, Power, Stipulation, or Agreement, or other Matter whatever in relation to such Money or Stock, or the Interest or Dividends thereon, or by reason of its containing all or any of such Matters.

£ s, d.

MORTGAGE. — Any Deed or Instrument made for the further Assurance only of any Estate or Property which shall have been already mortgaged, pledged, or charged as a Security, by any Deed or Instrument which shall have paid the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages or Bonds chargeable under any Act or Acts in force at the Time of making such last-mentioned Deed or Instrument.

Also any Deed or Instrument made as an additional or further Security for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Shares of any of the Stocks or Funds before mentioned, which shall have been already secured by any Deed or Instrument which shall have paid the said act ra-lorem Duty on Mortgages or Bonds chargeable as aforesaid, shall be chargeable respectively with the following Duties; (that is to say,)

Where the total Amount or Value of the Money (or Stock already secured, and in respect whereof the said act valorem Duty shall have been paid,] shall not exceed the Sum of 1, 400/. - - I

And in any other Case -

The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for the Amount or Value of the said Money or Stock.

1 15 0

Provided always, that if any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured, such Deed or Instrument for further Assurance, or additional or further Security, either by the Mortgagor or by any Person entitled to the Property mortgaged by Descent, Devise, or Bequest from such Mortgagor, shall be chargeable only (exclusive of progressi ve Duty) with the ad valorem Duty on Mortgages under this Act, in respect of such further Sum of Money or Stock in lieu of the Duty aforesaid, notwithstanding that the same Deed or Instrument may also contain any Covenant either by the Mortgagor or by any Person entitled as aforesaid, Proviso, Power, Stipulation, or Agreement, or other Matter whatever in relation to the Money or Stock already secured, or the Interest or Dividends thereon.

13 & 14 Vict.

SCHEDULE. Duty.

£ 8. d.

MORTGAGE. — Any Reconveyance, Release, Surrender, Discharge, or Renunciation of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any other such Security as aforesaid, or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or Stock thereby secured; Where the total Amount of the Principal Money or 1 Stock at any Time secured shall not exceed the 1 Sum of 1, 400/. - J And in any other Case - And in all the said several Cases of Deeds and Instruments chargeable under the Head of Mortgage see Progressive Duty. The same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for the Amount or Value of the said Money or Stock. 1 15 0

PRECEPT of Clare Constat to give Seisin of Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland - And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 0 5 0

1, 080 Words a further progressive Duty of 0 5 0

PROGRESSIVE DUTY; that is to say; — Where any Deed or Instrument of any Description whatever chargeable with any Stamp Duty either under this Schedule or under any other Act or Acts now in force, together with any Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or endorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein, over and above the first 1, 080 Words, there shall be charged the further progressive Duty following; (that is to say,) ..... Where such Deed or Instrument shall be chargeable with any ad valorem Stamp Duty or Duties not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Shillings, a further progressive Duty equal to the Amount of such ad valorem Duty or Duties. And in every other Case (except where any other progressive Duty is by this Schedule expressly charged thereon) a further progressive Duty of Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the said progressive Duty in any Case in which express Provision is made by any such Act or Acts as aforesaid for charging a certain Duty on every Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper in or upon which any Deed or Instrument shall be contained or written, or to charge with progressive Duty any Description of Deed or Instrument not chargeable with progressive Duty under any Act or Acts now in force, or to charge any Deed or Instrument with any higher Rate or Amount of progressive Duty than is now chargeable on a Deed or Instrument of the like Description under any such Act or Acts as aforesaid. 0 10 0

RESIGNATION. — Principal or original Instrument of Resignation, or Service of Cognition of Heirs, or Charter or Seisin of any Houses, Lands, or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland holding Burgage or of Burgage Tenure

Also Instrument of Resignation of any Lands or other Heritable Subjects in Scotland not of Burgage Tenure

And where any of the said Instruments shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire' Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 1, 080 Words a further progressive Duty of

SCHEDULE, Inventory, or Catalogue of any Lands, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects, or of any Furniture, Fixtures, or other Goods or Effects, or containing the Terms and Conditions of any proposed Sale, Lease, or Tack, or the Conditions and Regulations for the Cultivation or Management of any Farm Lands or other Property leased or agreed to be leased, or containing any other Matter or Matters of Contract or Stipulation whatsoever, which shall be referred to in or by and be intended to be used or given in Evidence as Part of or as material to any Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument charged with any Duty, but which shall be separate and distinct from and not indorsed on or annexed to such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument;

Where any such Schedule, Inventory, or Catalogue! shall be so referred to in or by any such Agree* \ ment, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument chargeable with any Stamp Duty not ex* j ceeding 10s., exclusive of progressive Duty - f

And where any such Schedule, Inventory, or Catalogue shall be referred to in or by any Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or such other Instrument as aforesaid, chargeable with any Stamp Duty exceeding Ten Shillings, exclusive of progressive Duty

And if in any of the said Cases such Schedule, In- (ventory, or Catalogue shall contain 2, 160 Words 1 or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of J

1.080 Words contained therein over and above J

the first 1, 080 Words - /

SEISIN. — Instruments of Seisin given upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, or Precept from Chancery, or upon any Wadset, Heritable Bond, Disposition, Apprising, Adjudication, or otherwise of any Lands or Heritable Subjects in Scotland not of Burgage Tenure

And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first

1.080 Words a further progressive Duty of

£ s. d.

0 5 0 0 5 0

0 5 0

Hie same Duty (exclusive of progressive Duty) as shall be so chargeable on such Agreement, Lease, Tack, Bond, Deed, or other Instrument

0 10 0 A further progressive Duty of the same Amount as the Duty hereinbefore charged thereon respectively.

0 5 0 0 5 0

SETTLEMENT. — Any Deed or Instrument, whether voluntary or gratuitous, or upon any good or valuable Consideration other than a bona fide pecuniary Consideration, whereby any definite and certain Principal Sum or Sums of Money, (whether charged or chargeable on Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, or not, or to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or other Hereditaments or Heritable Subjects, or not,) or any definite and certain Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Ireland, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation, shall be settled or agreed to be settled upon or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, either in possession or reversion, either absolutely, or for Life or other partial Interest, or in any other Manner whatsoever;

If such Sum or Sums of Money, or the Value of such Share or Shares in all or any of the said Stocks or Funds, or of such One or more of the said Articles as shall be so settled or agreed to be settled, or both such Sum or Sums of Money and the Value of One or more of such Articles together, shall not exceed in the whole 100/.

And if the same shall exceed 100/., then for every 100/. and also for any fractional Part of 100/.

And all Deeds or Instruments chargeable with the said act valorem Duty which shall also contain any Settlement of Lands or other Property, or contain any other Matter or Thing besides the Settlement of such Money or Stock, shall be chargeable with such further Stamp Duty as any separate Deed or Instrument containing such Settlement of Lands or other Property, or other Matter or Thing, would have been chargeable with, exclusive of the progressive Duty.

And where there shall be -more than One such Deed or Instrument for effecting any such Settlement as aforesaid, chargeable with any such Duty or Duties exceeding 1/. 15*., ona of them only shall be charged with the said act valorem Duty; and also where any Settlement shall be mode in pursuance of any previous Articles chargeable with and which shall have paid any such Duty or Duties exceeding 1/. 15*. such last-mentioned Settlement shall not be chargeable with the said act valorem Duty; and the said Deeds and Instruments respectively not chargeable with the said act valorem Duty shall be charged with the Duty to which the same may be liable under any more general Description in this Schedule, or in the Schedule annexed to the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third; and on the whole being produced, duly executed and duly

£ s. d.

0 5 0 0 5 0

SETTLEMENT — continued.

£ f.

stamped, as hereby required, the latter shall also be stamped with a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the said act valorem Duty.

And see Progressive Duty.

d.

WARRANT OF ATTORNEY (with or without a Release of! Errors) to confess and enter up a Judgment in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Ireland, or in any of the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, or in any other Court of Record holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage amounts to 40s., which shall be given as a Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums V of Money, or for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Bank of Ireland, or of the East India Company, or of the South Sea Company, or of any other Company or Corporation

Save and except where such Payment or Transfer shall be already secured by a Bond, Mortgage, or other Security which shall have paid the proper ad valorem Duty on Bonds or Mortgages imposed by Law at the Date thereof, exceeding in Amount the Sum of 5s .; and also except where the Warrant of Attorney shall be given for securing any Sum or Sums of Money exceeding 200L for which the Person giving the same shall then be in actual Custody under an Arrest on Mesne Process or in Execution; and in those excepted Cases a Duty of

The same Duty as on a Bond for the like Purpose.

0 5 0

WARRANT OF ATTORNEY not otherwise charged in this Schedule

1 15 0

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the holding of Benefices in Plurality.

[14th August 1$50.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to abridge } & 2 Vict. ' the holding of Benefices in Plurality, and to make better Pro- c. ioc.

vision for the Residence of the Clergy; and it is by the said Act provided, that no Spiritual Person shall hold together

any Two Benefices, if, at the Time of his Admission, Insti-

tution, or being licensed to the Second Benefice, the Value f of the Two Benefices jointly shall exceed the yearly Value of

Spiritual Persons not to hold Benefices in Plurality, except under certain Circumstances.

Spiritual Persons mAy hold Two Benefices, subject to Provisions of this Act.

Explanation of Term " Benefice.* '

To estimate Value of Benefice.

Deans of Cathedrals not to hold Office of Heads of Colleges or Halls in the Universities.

Cap. 98. Benefices in Plurality. 13 & 14 VICT.

One thousand Pounds, and that the said Benefices shall be within the Distance of Ten Statute Miles the one from the ' other, and that the Population of the said Benefices shall not ' exceed a certain Amount, as provided by the said Act: And whereas it is desirable further to restrain Spiritual Persona from holding Benefices in Plurality Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, notwithstanding any Provision in the said recited Act contained, it shall not be lawful, after the passing of this Act, for any Spiritual Person to take and hold together any Two Benefices, except in the Case of Two Benefices the Churches of which are within Three Miles of one another by the nearest Road, and the annual Value of one of which does not exceed One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any Provision in the said recited Act contained, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to hold together Two Benefices according to the Provision herein-before contained, whatever may be the yearly Value of such Two Benefices jointly, but this Enactment shall not extend to repeal or affect any Provision of the said Act whereby any Restraint on the holding of Benefices in Plurality is imposed in respect of or with reference to the Amount of the Population of any Benefice, or to repeal or affect the Provisions of the said Act concerning the Licence or Dispensation required for the holding together of any Two Benefices.

III. And be it enacted, That the Term Benefice " in this Act shall be taken to mean Benefice with the Cure of Souls, and no other, and therein to comprehend all Parishes, Perpetual Curacies, Donatives, endowed Public Chapels, Parochial Chapelries, and Chapelries or Districts belonging or reputed to belong, or annexed or reputed to be annexed, to any Church or Chapel, anything in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of estimating the annual Value of such Benefice there shall be considered as deducted from the gross Amount of the annual Value all Taxes, Rates, Tenths, Dues, and permanent Charges and Outgoings, but not to deduct or allow for any Stipend or Stipends to any Stipendiary Curate or Curates, nor for such Taxes ox Rates in respect of the House of Residence of any Benefice, or of the Glebe Land belonging thereto, as are usually paid by Tenants or Occupiers, nor for Monies expended in the Repair or Improvement of the House of Residence and Buildings and Premises belonging thereto.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person appointed after the passing of this Act to the Deanery of any Cathedral Church to hold the Office of Head Ruler of any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford

or

1850.

Benefice* in Plurality *

Cap. 98.

909

or Cambridge, or the Office of Provost of Eton College, or of Warden of Winchester College, or of Master of the Charter House, together with his Deanry: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to the Dean of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford as Chief Ruler of the College there maintained.

VI. And be it enacted, That (anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding) it shall not be lawful for any Spiritual Person, being Head Ruler of any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or being Warden of the University of Durham, and also holding any Benefice, to take after the passing of this Act and hold therewith any Cathedral Preferment or any other Benefice, or for any such Spiritual Person, also holding any Cathedral Preferment, to take after the passing of this Act and hold therewith any Benefice: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent any such Spiritual Person from holding any Benefices or Cathedral Preferment permanently attached to or forming Part of the Endowment of his Office.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Spiritual Person holdinj any Benefice or Benefices shall accept any other Benefice, an< shall be admitted, instituted, or licensed thereto, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every such Benefice or Benefices which he previously held shall become ipso facto void as if he had died or resigned the same, any Law, Statute, Canon, Usage, Custom, Faculty, or Dispensation whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas in the said recited Act a Provision ' is contained authorizing the Union by Order of Her Majesty in Council after such Inquiry and Notice, and with such Consent and upon such Certificate as therein mentioned, of

Two or more Benefices, or of One or more Benefice or Bene-

fices, and One or more Spiritual Sinecure Rectory or Rectones, Vicarage or Vicarages, in the same Parish, or contiguous to each other, of which the aggregate Population ' shall not exceed One thousand five hundred Persons, and 6 the aggregate yearly Value shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds:' Be it enacted, That the said Provision of the said Act shall extend and be applicable to and for the Union of Two or more Benefices, or One or more Benefice or Benefices, and One or more Spiritual Sinecure Rectory or Rectories, Vicarage or Vicarages, in the same Parish or contiguous to each other, and of which the aggregate Population shall not exceed One thousand five hundred Persons, notwithstanding the aggregate yearly Value shall exceed Five hundred Pounds, in like Manner and with the like Preliminaries and Consequences as if the Words " and the aggregate yearly Value shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds " had not been inserted in the Provision lastly herein-before referred to: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Bishop to direct that there shall be Two full Services in each Church of such consolidated Livings.

Heads of Colleges in the Universities not to hold Cathedral Preferments, except in certain Cases.

Presentation of the same Person to Two Benefices to be void.

Her Majesty Council may authorise Uni of Benefices i certain Cases

Not to affect Possession of Preferments or Benefices already existing.

Persons already

holding One Benefice may hold One other Benefice if nominated or appointed for next Presentation previously to 23d Dec. 1837.

Extending Provisions of Act 4 & 5 Vict. c. 39. as to holding Benefices with Honorary Canonries, &c.

Previous Provisions not to extend to Ireland.

Faculties for the same Person to hold Two Livings in Ireland not to be granted.

Cap. 98. Benefices in Plurality. 13 & 14 VICT.

IX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to prejudice or affect the Bight of Possession in any Preferment or Benefice to which any Spiritual Person shall have been admitted, instituted, or licensed, or which shall have been otherwise granted to any Spiritual Person, before the passing of this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to prevent any Spiritual Person possessed of One or more than One Benefice on the Fourteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to whom or in trust for whom the Advowson of or the next Presentation or Nomination to any other Benefice has been conveyed, granted, or devised by any Deed or Will made before the Twenty-third Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, from taking the said last-mentioned Benefice, and holding together such Benefice and any One such first-mentioned Benefice.

XL. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, which authorize the holding of more Benefices than One with an Honorary Canonry, or with any Prebend, Dignity, or Office not then in any Manner endowed, or whereof the Endowments shall have been vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, or which might thereafter be endowed to an Amount not exceeding Twenty Pounds by the Year, shall be extended so as to authorize the holding of One Benefice and One Cathedral Preferment in the same Church with such Honorary Canonry, Prebend, Dignity, or Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

XIII. (And whereas no Faculty or Dispensation has been granted for the holding of Two or more 'Benefices in that ' Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland for upwards of Twenty Years last past, and it is expedient to prevent the future Grant thereof Be it therefore enacted, That no Faculty or Dispensation shall be granted to any Spiritual Person to hold Two or more Benefices in Ireland; and that if any Spiritual Person, holding or taking any Benefice in Ireland, shall take or accept of any other Benefice to the holding whereof together with the Benefice so previously held a Faculty or Dispensation would before the passing of this Act have been necessary, and shall be admitted, licensed, or instituted to the same, every Benefice so previously held by such Spiritual Person shall be and become ipso facto void as if he had died or had resigned the same, any Law, Statute, Canon, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed, or taken to affect or alter the Laws now in force in Ireland regulating and respecting the Unions or Divisions of Parishes.

1850. Small Tenements Bating. Cap. 98, 99. 911

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of nmcxide<1>&c-Parliament.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS the Collection of Poor Rates and Highway

Rates assessed upon the Occupiers of Tenements of 1 small annual Value is expensive, difficult, and frequently impracticable, and it is expedient to make better Provision for the rating of such Tenements, and for the Collection of ' such Rates Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Vestry of any Parish, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to declare and order that the Owners of Tenements in such Parish the yearly rateable Value whereof shall not exceed Six Pounds shall be rated and assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in respect of such Tenements instead of the Occupiers thereof, and the Order so made shall remain in force until rescinded in the Manner herein-after authorized.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Vestry of the said Parish, by a Majority of Two Thirds at least of the Votes of the Persons present at a Meeting duly called for that Purpose pursuant to Notice, as herein-after mentioned, and competent to vote thereat, at any Time after the Expiration of Two x ears from the Time when any such Order shall have been so made, to order that from and after a Day to be fixed by such Vestry, not being less than Three Years from the Date of such original Order, such Order shall cease and be rescinded, in which Case, from and after such last-mentioned Day, the said Order shall be rescinded and no longer in force: Provided nevertheless, that the Provisions in this Act contained shall remain and continue in force for the Purpose of collecting and recovering any Rate which may have been previously made in pursuance of such Order: Provided also, that Notice for calling every such Meeting as aforesaid shall be by Writing, signed by Four Rate-payers of the Parish affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church or Chapel of the Parish, or on the usual Place of affixing Notices relating to the Affairs of the Parish, at some Time not less than Thirty or more than Forty Days previous to such Meeting.

III. And be it enacted, That whilst any such Order as firstly herein-before mentioned is in force the respective Owners of such Tenements shall be rated and assessed (instead of the 3 M Occupiers

Vestries to determine whether 6l. Tenements shell be rated to the Owners instead of Occupiers.

Order may be rescinded by a Majority of Two Thirds of Persons present at Vestry.

Whilst Order in force, the Poor Hates and Highway Rates to be

912

rated to Owners.

Owner to be rated on a reduced Scale.

Remedies for recovering of Rates.

Owners possessed to have the Privileges of Occupiers.

When Owner is rated, Occupier to be entitled to the same Municipal Privileges under S&6 W. 4. c. 76. as if he was

Cap. 99. Small Tenements Rating. 13 & 14 Vict.

Occupiers thereof) to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor and to the Rates for the Repairs of the Highways which otherwise such Occupiers might by Law be rated to.

IV. And be it enacted, That whilst such Order as firstly herein-before mentioned is in force the Owner of every Tenement in every Parish the yearly rateable Value whereof shall not exceed Six Pounds shall be assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor and to the Rates for the Repairs of the Highways in respect of such Tenement at Three Fourths of the Amount at which such Tenement would be liable to be rated in case this Act had not passed; and further, that whilst such Order as firstly herein-before mentioned is in force, if any Owner of One or more such Tenements shall be desirous of paying a Rate for One Year in respect of all such Tenements in any Parish, whether such Tenements be occupied or unoccupied, and shall give Notice in Writing of such his Desire to the Overseers of the Poor and the Surveyors of the Highways within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, or in any subsequent Year within Fourteen Days next after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in that Year, then and in such Case such Owner shall be assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor and to the Rates for the Repair of the Highways in respect of such Tenement or Tenements respectively, whether the same be occupied or unoccupied, from thenceforth till the Twenty-fifth Day of March following, at a Sum not being less than One Half of the Amount at which such Tenement or Tenements respectively would be liable to be rated if occupied in case this Act had not passed.

V. And be it enacted, That the Rates to be assessed as aforesaid, together with die Costs and Charges of levying and recovering the same, may be levied on the Goods of and recovered from the respective Owners of such Tenements as aforesaid, by Distress, Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, in the same Way as such Rates, if lawfully assessed on the Occupiers of such Tenements, might by Law be levied on the Goods of or recovered from such Occupiers; and, further, the Goods and Chattels of the Occupiers of such Tenements shall be liable to be distrained and sold for Payment of such of the said Rates as shall accrue due during their respective Occupations, in the same Way as if such Rates were assessed on such Occupiers.

VI. And be it enacted, That every such Owner so rated as aforesaid shall have the same Right of Appeal (subject to the same Conditions) against Rates, and the same Right to vote in Vestry, as if he were an Occupier duly rated in respect of the same Tenement.

VII. And be it enacted, That where the Owner of any such Tenement shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor by virtue of this Act instead of the Occupier thereof, and such Owner shall have paid all Money due on account of any Rate or Rates in respect of such Tenement, such Occupier shall be entitled to all Municipal Privileges and Franchises to which

913

1850. Small Tenements Rating. Cap. 99.

by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, he would have been entitled if he himself had been rated, and had paid such Rate or Rates; and if such Owner so rated as aforesaid shall not have paid such Rate or Rates, it shall be lawful for such Occupier to tender to the Overseers of the Poor, or other Person authorized by Law to receive the same, the Amount of any Rate or Rates then due from such Owner in respect of such Tenement, and such Overseer or other Person so authorized as aforesaid shall be bound to receive the same; and such Occupier shall, on the Payment or Tender of such Amount, be entitled to exercise all such Privileges and Franchises as herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that any Occupier so paying any Rate or Rates in respect of any Tenement where the Owner is rated to the same shall be entitled to deduct and retain the Amount so paid by him from the next Payment of Rent to be made by him to such Owner, or to recover the same from such Owner as Money paid to and for the Use of such Owner.

VIII. And be it enacted, That such Owners paying such Rates in respect of Tenements continuing to be held by Occupiers under now existing Tenancies for a greater Term than from Year to Year shall be entitled to add what they shall so pay to the Rent payable in respect of such Tenements, and have the same Remedies for recovering the same as for Rent in arrear; and that Occupiers other than such as shall continue to hold under now existing Tenancies for a greater Term than from Year to Year may (whether paying such Rates voluntarily or by Compulsion) deduct the respective Amount so to be answered by them as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges they may have incurred on account thereof, from the Rent payable in respect of such Tenements, and such Amounts shall be deemed Debts due from such Owners to such Occupiers, and be recoverable by Action.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Word " Tenement " in this Act shall be construed to include any Land, House, Cottage, Apartment, or corporeal Hereditament; the Word M Owner " shall be construed to mean any Person receiving or claiming the Rent of any such Tenement for his own Use, or receiving the same for the Use of any Corporation aggregate, or of any public Company, or of any Landlord or Lessor who shall be a Minor, under Coverture, or insane, or for the Use of any Person who shall not be usually resident within Twenty Miles from the Parish in which such Tenement shall be situated; the Word " Person" shall be construed to include any Corporation or public Company as well as any Individual; the Word w Parish" shall be construed to include any Parish, Township, Vill, or Place maintaining its own Poor separately; the Word " Vestry " shall be construed to include any Meeting of

rated instead of the Owner.

Owners of Tenements held for longer Periods than from Year to Year entitled to add to Rent the Amount paid for Rates.

Interpretation of Terms.

extension of Act *

Act may be amended, Ac,

Cap. 99, 100. Small Tenements Rating* 13 & 14 VICT.

the Inhabitants of any such Parish, Township, Vill, or Place, to be held after due Notice for carrying into execution the Laws for the Relief of the Poor; and wherever in this Act, in describing any Person, Matter, or Thing, the Word importing the Singular Number or the Masculine Gender only is used, the same shall be understood to include and be applied to several Persons as well as one Person, and Females as well as Males, and several Matters or Things as well as one Matter or Thing respectively; unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to England and Wales, and shall not apply to any Place where Owners are made liable to be rated to the Relief of the Poor under the Provisions of any local Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. C.

Secretary of State may appoint Inspectors of Mines.

Powers and Duties of Inspectors.

An Act for Inspection of Coal Mines in Great Britain.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made

for the Inspection of Coal Mines in Great Britain:' Be it enacted, therefore, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State from Time to Time to appoint any fit Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors of Coal Mines, and from Time to Time to remove any such Inspector or Inspectors; and Notice of the Appoints ment of every such Inspector shall be published in the London Gazette.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Inspector as aforesaid to enter, inspect, and examine any Coal Mine or Colliery, and the Works and Machinery belonging thereto, at all reasonable Times and Seasons, by Day or Night, but so as not to impede or obstruct the working of the said Coal Mine or Colliery, and to make Inquiry into and touching the State and Condition of such Coal Mine or Colliery, Works and Machinery, and the Ventilation of such Coal Mine or Colliery, and the Mode of lighting or using Lights in the same, and into all Matters and Things connected with or relating to the Safety of the Persons employed in or about the same; and the Owner or Agent of such Coal Mine or Colliery is hereby required to furnish the Means necessary for such Entry, Inspection, Examination, and Inquiry; and if such Inspector find any Part of such Coal Mine or Colliery, Works or Machinery, or any Aircourses, Airdoors, Waterways, Drains, Pits, Levels,

Shafts,

1850.

Inspection of Coat Mines.

Cap. 100.

915

Shafts, or other Matter or Thing in or connected with such Coal Mine or Colliery, or the Mode of lighting or using Lights in the same, to be dangerous or defective, so as in his Opinion to threaten or tend to the bodily Injury of any Person employed in or about such Coal Mine or Colliery, such Inspector shall thereupon summon before him the Manager or principal Colliery Viewer or Agent having charge of the said Coal Mine or Colliery, in order to his being heard upon the Matter giving rise to such finding as aforesaid; and if such Manager or principal Colliery Viewer or Agent shall not attend after reasonable Notice, or having attended shall fail to satisfy such Inspector, then such Inspector shall serve Notice in Writing of the particular Grounds on which he shall be of opinion that the said Colliery or Coal Mine is dangerous or defective, 'on the Owner or Agent of such Mine, and shall also report the same to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

III. And be it enacted, That the Owner or Agent of every Owner to pro-Coal Mine or Colliery shall, on the Occasion and for the Pur- ducc Map or pose of the Inspection and Examination thereof, produce and

submit for Examination to any such Inspector as aforesaid a Map or Plan of the Workings of such Coal Mine or Colliery, upon which Map or Plan shall be delineated the several Parts, Air-courses, Airdoors, Waterways, Drains, Pits, Levels, and Shafts in and connected with such Coal Mine or Colliery; and if such Inspector may Owner or Agent do not produce and submit for Examination l^uireK*tip\ as aforesaid such a Map or Plan as aforesaid, or if any such to e' Inspector as aforesaid find that atly Portion of any Map or Plan is withheld, or any Part of the Workings of any such Mine or Colliery is concealed from his Inspection, or if he find, on examining and verifying any Map or Plan, that the same is imperfect or inaccurate, he is hereby empowered to require that an accurate Map or Plan of the actual Workings of such Coal Mine or Colliery, and the Works thereto belonging, clearly delineating such Matters and Things as aforesaid, be made within a reasonable Time, by and at the Expense of the Owner of such Mine, on a Scale of not less than Two Chains to One Inch, such other Scale as the Plan then used in the Colliery is constructed on; and every such Map or Plan as aforesaid shall show the Workings of the Mine up to within Six Months of the Time of Inspection; and the Owner or Agent of the Coal Mine or Colliery shall, if required so to do by any such Inspector as aforesaid, mark or cause to be marked on such Map or Plan the Progress of the Workings of the Coal Mine or Colliery up to the Time of his Inspection thereof: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize any Inspector to make a Copy of the whole or any Part of a Map or Plan which shall be produced or made.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall act or No LmuI £gent practise as a Land Agent, or as a Manager, Viewer, or Agent or Manager, &c. of, or be otherwise employed in, any Coal Mine or Colliery,

shall act as an Inspector under this Act.

C

Notice of Accidents in Mines to be given to Secretary of State.

Provision for giving Notice to Secretary of State of holding Inquests on Deaths from Accidents in Coal Mines.

Penalty for obstructing Inspectors.

Penalties how recoverable.

Cap. 100. Inspection of Coal Mines. 13 & 14 YlO%

V. And be it enacted, That if and when Loss of Life to any Person employed in or about any Coal Mine or Colliery shall occur by reason of any Accident within such Coal Mine or Colliery, or any Pits or Shafts thereof, or any Works or Machinery connected with such Pits or Shafts, the Owner or Agent of such Coal Mine or Colliery shall, within Twenty-four Hours next after such Loss of Life, send Notice of such Accident, under the Hand of such Owner or Agent, to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in Scotland to the Lord Advocate, and shall specify in such Notice the probable Cause of such Accident, and such Notice may be sent through the Post Office, by Letter addressed to such Secretary of State or Lord Advocate; and such Owner or Agent shall furnish such Information to such Secretary of State or to the Lord Advocate in relation to such Accident as such Secretary of State or Lord Advocate may require; and every Owner or Agent who shall neglect to send or cause to be sent such Notice as aforesaid within the Time aforesaid shall for such Offence be liable to a Penalty of not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That every Coroner holding an Inquest upon the Body of any Person whose Death may have been caused by any such Accident as aforesaid shall (unless some Person be present on behalf of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to watch the Proceedings at such Inquest, or Notice of such Accident shall have been sent, Two Days at the least previously thereto, through the Post Office, by Letter addressed to One of such Secretaries of State, and the sending of the same be proved to the Satisfaction of the Coroner,) adjourn such Inquest, and by Letter sent Two Days at the least before holding such adjourned Inquest, through the Post Office, addressed to One of such Secretaries of State, give Notice to such Secretary of State of the Time and Place of holding the same.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Owner or Agent of any Coal Mine or Colliery who shall refuse or neglect to furnish to any Inspector appointed under this Act the Means necessary for making any Entry, Inspection, Examination, or Inquiry under this Act, and every Person who shall wilfully obstruct any such Inspector in the Execution of this Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Ten Pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered in a summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff, having Jurisdiction in the County or Place where the Offence is committed, in the Manner prescribed by the Law in that Behalf; and it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct that any Penalty imposed for neglecting to send or cause to be sent Notice of any Accident as required by this Act shall be paid to or among any of the Family or Relatives of any Person or Persons killed by such Accident as

185a

Inspection of Coed Mines. Cap. 100, 101.

917

he may think fit; and, save as aforesaid, all Penalties imposed by this Act shall, when recovered in England, be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, or Place for which the Justices before whom the Penalty is recovered shall have acted, and where recovered in Scotland be paid to the Treasurer or Collector of the Funds for the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence has been committed, for the Benefit of the Poor of such Parish.

IX. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act, Interpretation unless such Construction be repugnant to or inconsistent with of Term8* the Context, Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number, and Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females; and the

Term " Owner " of a Coal Mine or Colliery shall mean the immediate Proprietor, Lessee, or Occupier thereof; and the Term " Agent of a Mine shall mean any Person having on behalf of the Owner of any Mine the Care or Direction thereof.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to Act not to ex-

Ireland. tend to Irelanc

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act repealed in this present Session of Parliament. ameD

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue until Continuance the Expiration of Five Years after the passing of this Act, and of this Act* thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. CI.

An Act to continue Two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to n & 12 Vict. alter the Provisions relating to the Charges for the Relief of the *110>

Poor in Unions, certain Provisions were made whereby the Costs of the Relief and the Expenses of the Burial of certain poor Persons therein described were made chargeable upon the Common Fund of the Union until the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine: And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of 12 & is Vict. Parliament such Provisions were continued in full Force until c'l0Sm the Thirtieth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by the said last-mentioned Act other Provisions for charging upon the Common Fund of the Union

3 M 4 ' the

Certain Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict. c. 110. and of 12 &

IS Vict. c. 103. continued for a limited Time.

Burials of poor Persons dying in Workhouses.

Contribution to enlarge or obtain Burial Grounds.

Purchase of Site for District Schools.

7 & 8 Vict* c. 101.

Cap. 101. Poor Relief. 13 & 14 VICT.

the Cost of removing and maintaining certain lunatic Paupers ' were made to continue in force for the like Period; and it is ' expedient that all the several Provisions aforesaid should be ' continued for a limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said several temporary Provisions in the said recited Acts above referred to shall continue in full Force until the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and shall apply, and shall be held to have applied, to the Incorporated Hundred of Forehoe, to the Incorporated Hundreds of Fast and West Flegg and of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, and to the Incorporated Hundred of Mutford and Lotkingland in the County of Suffolk, in like Manner and to the same Extent as to the Unions in the said Acts referred to.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Guardians of any Union to contribute out of the Common Fund, or for the Guardians of any Parish to contribute out of the Poor Rates of such Parish, such Sum of Money as the Poor Law Board shall approve, towards the Enlargement of any Churchyard or consecrated public Burial Ground in the Parish wherein the Workhouse shall be situated, or in any other Parish of the Union, or towards the obtaining of any such consecrated public Burial Ground, and where any such Burial Ground shall be enlarged or obtained with the Aid of such Contribution, it shall be lawful for them to bury therein the dead Body of any poor Person dying in such Workhouse: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall discharge or vary the Obligation now imposed by Law upon the Guardians to bury the dead Body of such poor Person elsewhere, in case the deceased Person, or the Husband, or Wife, or next of Kin of such deceased Person, shall have so requested: Provided also, that in all Coses of Burial under the Direction of the Guardians as aforesaid the Fee or Fees payable by the Custom of the Place where the Burial may be, or under the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, shall be paid by the said Guardians for the Burial of each such Body to the Person or Persons who by such Custom or under such Act shall be entitled to receive such Fee or Fees, and charged by them in like Manner as the Relief to the Deceased when living was last chargeable.

III. And be it enacted, That, in addition to the Principal Sum or Sums of Money which the Board of Management of a School District formed under the Authority of the Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England, are empowered to raise or borrow for the Purpose of providing a Building for the School of such District, such Board may, whenever any Part of such District is situated within the

Metropolitan

1850.

919

Poor Relief. Cap. 101.

Metropolitan Police District, with the Consent and Order of the Poor Law Board, also raise or borrow and charge the future Poor Rates of the Unions and Parishes respectively combined in such District with such further or other Sum or Sums of Money as may be or may have been necessary for the Purchase of any Land, or Interest in Land, required for the Site of such School, or required for the training of the Children maintained thereat, or for the Site of any Addition to such School.

IV. 'And whereas Authority is given by the Act of the

Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for 4 & s W. 4.

the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating *76, *62,

to the Poor in England and Wales, for defraying, out of the

i Poor Rates of any Parish, the Expenses of the Emigration of

poor Persons having Settlements in such Parish; and by the 12&

before-mentioned Act of the last Session the Guardians of *los* 20 '

any Union or separate Parish for which a Board of Guardians

is or shall be established may, to a limited Extent, exercise the same Authority in and about the Emigration of poor Persons having Settlements in such Parish, or in any Parish of such Union respectively: And whereas poor Orphans and Emigration

deserted Children having no Settlements, or whose Settlements ^, dd«erted ' are unknown, are frequently chargeable to Parishes, and it is children.

expedient to furnish Means for the Purpose of facilitating ' the Emigration of such poor Orphans and deserted Children

so being chargeable Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Guardians of any Union or Parish, in like Manner and subject to the same Regulations, Limitations, and Restrictions as are contained in the said last-mentioned Act, but with the Consent in Writing of the Guardian or the Majority of the Guardians of the Parish of the Chargeability in place of the Parish of the Settlement, transmitted as therein specified, to expend Money in and about the Emigration of any poor Orphan or deserted Child under the Age of Sixteen Years having no Settlement, or the Place of whose Settlement shall not be known, who may be chargeable to some Parish in their Union or to their Parish respectively, and such Guardians shall charge the Expense so incurred to the same Parish to which such Orphan or deserted Child was chargeable at the Time of the Emigration; and where any such Orphan or deserted Child shall be chargeable to the Common Fund of any Union, the Guardians of such Union shall have the same Powers (subject to the same Conditions) to procure or assist in procuring the Emigration of any such last-mentioned Orphan or deserted Child as they have with regard to poor Persons rendered irremoveable by virtue of

an Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to n & is Vict. amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor: Provided *110* *-5' always, that no Emigration of any such Orphan or deserted 9 & 10 Vict. Child, under any of the above-mentioned Powers, shall take 66* place until such Orphan or deserted Child shall have consented thereto before the Justices assembled in Petty Sessions holden in or near to the Union or Parish the Guardians whereof propose

930

An Order for paying the whole or Part of the Cost of Maintenance of a lunatic married Woman maintained in any Lunatic Asylum, licensed House, or registered Hospital, and chargeable to any Union or Parish, may be made upon her Husband.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

Master of a Workhouse and Relieving Officer not to be appointed to any Parochial Office.

The Fee for giving Notices of Special Sessions under the Act 6 A 7 W. 4. c. 96. s. 6..to be paid by the Overseers out of the Poor Rate.

Cap. 101. Poor Relief. 13 & 14 Vict,

pose to procure such Emigration, and a Certificate of such Consent under the Hands of Two of the Justices present thereat shall have been transmitted to the Poor Law Board.

V. And be it enacted, That where any married Woman being lunatic shall be duly removed to any Asylum, licensed House, or registered Hospital under any of the Statutes in such Behalf, any Two Justices having Jurisdiction in the Place wherein the Husband of such Lunatic shall dwell, upon Application by or on behalf of the Guardians of the Union or of the Parish having a separate Board of Guardians* or the Overseers of the Parish, to which Union or Parish respectively such Lunatic shall be or become chargeable, may summon such Husband to appear before them to show Cause why an Order should not be made upon him to maintain or contribute towards the Maintenance of his Wife in such Asylum, licensed House, or registered Hospital; and upon his Appearance, or in the event of his not appearing upon Proof of due Service of such Summons upon him, such Justices may (if they think fit) make an Order upon him to pay such Sum, weekly or otherwise, for or towards the Cost of the Maintenance of such Lunatic, as after Consideration of all the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to them to be proper, and determine in such Order how and to whom the Payments shall from Time to Time be made, which Order shall, if the Payments required by it to be made be in arrear, be enforced in the Manner prescribed by the Statute passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, for the enforcing of Owlere of Justices requiring the Payment of a Sum of Money.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Master of a Workhouse nor any, Relieving Officer shall be henceforth qualified to be appointed to the Office of Overseer of the Poor, Constable, or any other Parochial or Township Office, so long as he shall continue to be such Master of a Workhouse or Relieving Officer, except where the Poor Law Board shall authorize any Relieving Officer to hold a paid Office in a Parish: Provided always, that no Rate or Assessment made nor any other Act or Thing done by any such Person as such Parochial or Township Officer, nor the Service of any Notice, Demand, Order, or Process upon him as such, shall, if in other respects legal and sufficient, be deemed invalid by reason only of such Disqualification as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas by the Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate Parochial Assessments, it is provided, that the Justices acting in and for every Petty Sessions Division shall hold ' Special Sessions for hearing Appeals against the Rates of the ' several Parishes within their respective Divisions, and shall ' cause public Notice of the Time and Place of the holding of ' such Special Sessions to be given in each Pariah, fern ne

i Provision

921

Poor Relief.

Cap. 101.

Persons committed to Prison for Offences against 55 G. 3. c. 137. s. 2. and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 101. ss. 57, 58. may be kept to hard Labour.

Provision is made for the Payment of the Costs incurred in ' preparing and giving of such Notice: Be it therefore enacted;

That such Fee or Remuneration as shall have been or shall hereafter be settled by the Justices of the Peace at their re* roective General Quarter Sessions, according to the Statute in mat Behalf, to be paid to the Clerks to Justices of the Peace for the preparing and giving of a Notice of a Special Sessions for this Purpose, or in default thereof of a Notice of any Special Sessions, shall be paid by the Overseers of each Parish comprised within the Division for which the Special Sessions are to be held, and be charged by them upon the Poor Rate.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth

Year of the Reign of Kang George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use, to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to poor Persons in certain Cases for a longer Period than One 4 Month at a Time, and for other Purposes herein mentioned,

relating to the Poor, and by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England,

Power is given to punish by Imprisonment any Person or Persons deserting, absconding, or running away from any

Workhouse or Workhouses, and carrying away with him, her,

or them any Clothes, Linen, or other Goods in the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third enumerated and described: Be it enacted, That in the Case of every such Offence it shall be lawful for the convicting Justice or Justices, if he or they shall so think fit, to order and adjudge that the Person or Persons convicted shall, during the Period of Imprisonment by Law authorized, be kept to hard Labour.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be Assaults upon charged with and convicted of any Assault upon any Officer of Workhouse

a Workhouse or Relieving Officer in the due Execution of his Duty, or upon any Person acting in aid of such Officer, the i, the Dis-Court may sentence the Offender to the same Punishment as charge of their is provided by Law for an Assault upon a Peace Officer or Duty* Revenue Officer in the due Execution of his Duty, and shall have the same Power as in case of such last-mentioned Assault to order Payment of the Costs and Expenses of the Prosecution.

X. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Providing for Parliament, intituled An Act to provide a more convenient Expense of col-1 Mode of levying and collecting County Rates, County Police

Rates, and District Police Rates in Parishes situated partly 65.

within and partly without the Limits of Boroughs which are

not liable to such Rates, Provision is made to enable the Overseers or other Persons charged with the Collection of the / ' > 4 Poor

Cap. 101. Poor Relief \ 13 & 14 VICT.

Poor Rate, In Cases where any Parish or Place shall be partly within and partly without a Borough, to assess and levy upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of all Messuages, c Lands, and Tenements liable to the Poor Rates in that Part of the Parish or Place which is within the Borough the Amount of Money which they shall be required to raise as a 4 Contribution towards a District, Borough, or other Rate upon 4 a Warrant from the Mayor, Justice, Constable, or other Officer, as therein mentioned: And whereas some Difficulty has arisen in certain Parishes as to the Payment of the Expenses of collecting the Rates upon such Assessments, and enforcing of the Payment thereof: Be it therefore enacted, That the Overseers of any such Parish may employ for the Collection of such Rate as aforesaid, or of any Gaol Rate assessed upon any such Part thereof, the Collector of the Poor Rates in the said Parish, or some other Person to be appointed with the like Authority, and subject to the same Regulations as regards his Term of Office, his Remuneration, the Security to be given for the Discharge of his Duties, and his Liability to account to the Auditor and other Persons, as such Collector of Poor Rates is or shall be subject to, and to pay such Remuneration out of the Sum raised by the Rate assessed upon such Part as aforesaid; and that the Collector of Poor Rates, or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for the Purpose of collecting the Rate so assessed upon such Part, have all the Powers, Privileges, Protections, and Incidents which belong to the Overseers in the Collection of the Poor Rate, and the like Remedy for the Recovery of the Costs of Proceedings to enforce the Payment of the Rate aforesaid, as in the Case of a Poor Rate; and the said Overseers, in estimating the Amount of their Assessment for such Rate upon any Part of a Parish divided as aforesaid, may include such a Sum as will provide for the Payment of the Costs of the Assessment and Collection, and a reasonable Sum in respect of the Rates which may be excused or become irrecoverable.

Construction

XI. And be it enacted, That the several Words used in this of Act. Act shall be construed in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and the Statutes explaining and extending it; and that all the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act and of the said Statutes not repealed shall extend to this Act, except where any such Provision would be inconsistent with anything herein contained.

Act to extend

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend only to and Wdej?land England and Wales.

Act may be

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended amended, &c. Cr repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

1850.

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102.

923

CAP. CII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise a summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the

* Acts by which Justices of the Peace are empowered to adjudicate in a summary Way as to certain Offences and other ' Matters in Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the, Commencement of this Act it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices sitting in Petty Sessions, (or for any Two Justices acting out of Petty Sessions, in any Cases of Offences where the Defendant shall be unable to procure Bail for his Appearance at Petty Sessions,) within his or their Jurisdiction, to hear and determine, either on the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Defendant, all Complaints relating to the Offences or other Matters herein-after mentioned, and to award such Fine, Imprisonment, Compensation, Expenses, and Sums, or to make such other Order relating to each Offence or other Matter as the Defendant shall be liable to under the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, if he or they shall think fit, to order that any Fine, Compensation, or other Sum awarded under the Provisions of this Act shall be paid either forthwith or at such Time or Times as he or they shall direct, and where such Sum shall not be a Fine for an Offence, that same shall be paid either in One Sum or by Instalments; and it shall also be lawful for the Justice or Justices, if he or they shall think fit, in every Case where any Person shall be convicted before him or them of any of the Offences herein-after 'mentioned, as to which it is not hereinafter provided that Imprisonment shall only be in default of Payment of the Sum ordered or of Distress for the same, to award, in addition to any Compensation which may be ordered, either the Fine or the Imprisonment specified in each Case; and it shall also be lawful for the Justice or Justices, if he or they shall think fit, in any such Cases of Offences, where any such Fine or Compensation, or both Fine and Compensation, shall be awarded, either to order in the first instance, or afterwards to direct by the Warrant of Distress, that in default of Distress for the same the Person against whom such Order shall be made shall be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Week where the Sum to be paid shall not exceed Five Shillings, and not exceeding Two Weeks where such Sum shall exceed Five Shillings and shall not exceed Ten Shillings, aift not exceeding One Month where such Sum shall exceed Ten

Shillings

Justices may decide all Cases under this Act on Evidence of Witnesses or Confession.

Justices may fix Time for and Manner of Payment of Fine, &c. awarded.

In Cases of Offences Justices may order either the Fine or the Imprisonment;

or may order Imprisonment in default of Distress, according to Scale. Scale of Imprisonment.

Imprisonment may be with or without hard Labour.

CailfINAL

Jurisdiction.

Maliciout Iryury to Per tons.

Common

Assaults.

Assaults with Intent to prevent Sale of Com, &c.

The preceding Provisions not to apply to aggravated Assaults;

nor to any Assault where a Title to Lands, &c. is in question.

Malicious Injury to Property,

Justices may order Punishment in following Cases: Journeyman, &c. for spoiling Goods or Work.

Cap. 102, Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Shillings and shall not exceed Forty Shillings, and not exceeding Two Months where such Sum shall exceed Forty Shillings and shall not exceed Five Pounds, and not exceeding Fora Months where the Sum to be paid shall exceed Five Pounds and shall not exceed Ten Pounds, and not exceeding Six Months in any other Case, such Imprisonment to be determinable in each of such Cases upon Payment of the Sum ordered, and any Costs of the Distress when a Distress shall be made; and it shall also bd lawful for the Justice or Justices, in every Case where Imprisonment for an Offence shall be ordered, to direct that it shall bd either with or without hard Labour, ' according as he or they shall think fit

III. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall on Conviction thereof be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case; that is to say,

Any Person who shall unlawfully assault or beat any other Person shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sam of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Two Months:

Any Person who shall assault or beat or use any other Violence to any other Person with Intent to deter him from buying or selling any Com or other agricultural or Garden Produce in any Market or other Place, or to stop the Conveyance of same, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

Provided always, that in case the Justice or Justices shall find any such Assaults as aforesaid to have been accompanied by any Attempt to commit Felony, or shall be of opinion that the same is from any other Circumstance a fit Subject for a Prosecution by Indictment, he shall abstain from any Adjudication thereupon, and shall deal with the Case in all respects as one to be prosecuted at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions; and nothing herein contained shall authorize any Justice or Justices to hear and determine in a summary Way any Case of Assault in which any Question shall arise as to the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein or accruing thereupon, or as to any Bankruptcy or Insolvency or any Execution under the Process of any Superior Court of Justice.

IV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case; that is to say,

Any Artificer, Workman, Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or Labourer who shall wilfully and unlawfully damage, spoil, or destroy any Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials committed to his Care or Charge, without the Consent of the Person by whom he shall be hired, retained, or employed, the Injury done being under the Value of Fire Pounds, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justice

925

1850. Summary Jurudiction (Ireland). Cap. 102.

tice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Matiriou* injury Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be to J°hygr*y' imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and maliciously destroy. Destroying, &c. or damage with Intent to destroy, any Plant, Fruit, or "yFruit or vegetable Production growing in any Garden, Orchard, duc^*^0" Nursery Ground, Shrubbery, Pleasure Ground, Hot-house, Garden, 4c. Green-house, or Conservatory, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and maliciously destroy, Destroying, &c. or damage with Intent to destroy, any Plant, Fruit, or d^Soni^0" cultivated vegetable Production growing in any Land, open growing in or inclosed, not being a Garden, Orchard, or Nursery Gardens, &c. Ground, shall for the First Offence pay to the Party First Offence, aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month; and for any Second or subsequent like Second Offence. Offence shall, in addition to any like Compensation, be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall, between Sunrise and Sunset, unlaw- Destroying or fully and maliciously cut, break, bark, root up, or otherwise damaging destroy or damage the whole or any Part of any Tree, &^fa^v^e Sapling, or Shrub, or any Underwood, the Injury done under SL being under the Value of Five Pounds, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation as the Justice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and maliciously damage or Destroying, &c. destroy any Fence of any Description whatsoever, or any *ny Fence, Wall, Wall, Stile, or Gate, or any Part thereof respectively, shall e* or Gate *

for the First Offence pay to the Party aggrieved such rea- First Offence, sonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding SEx Months; and Second Offence, for any Second or subsequent Offence he shall, in addition to any Compensation ordered, be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Twelve Months:

Any Person who shall unlawfully stop or seize upon any Obstructing Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or Horse, loaded with Ex^tund Corn, Potatoes, or other Provisions, in or on the Way to p^duoe. or from any Market or Place of shipping the same, or shall

926

Maliciout Injury to Proptrty,

Breaking Windows or injuring other Property of a Workhouse.

Damage to Property in any Case not previously provided for.

Malice against the Owner not essential;

but not to apply to unintentional Trespasses.

Persons in the Act of offending may be apprehended without . Warrant

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

shall maliciously damage or destroy the same or any Part thereof, or the Harness of the Horses drawing the same, or shall unlawfully take off, drive away, kill, or wound any of such Horses in order to stop the same, or shall, by cutting the Sacks or otherwise, scatter or throw abroad such Corn, Potatoes, or other Provisions, or shall take and carry away or damage the same o* any Part thereof, or shall distribute the same, or compel the Owner or his Servant, or the Carrier of the same, to distribute or otherwise depart from the Possession thereof or of any Part thereof, contrary to his Consent, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and maliciously break any Pane of Glass in the Windows of any Workhouse of a Poor Law Union, or damage or destroy any of the Furniture, Clothes, or other Property of the Guardians of the Poor of any Poor Law Union, the Injury done being under the Value of Forty Shillings, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and maliciously commit any Damage, Injury, or Spoil to or upon any Real or Personal Property whatsoever, either of a public or private Nature, for which no Punishment is already otherwise herein provided, the Injury done being under the Value of Five Pounds, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such reasonable Amount of Compensation for the Injury done as the Justice or Justices shall see fit, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

And every Punishment and Forfeiture so imposed on any Person maliciously committing any of such Offences against Property shall equally apply and be enforced, whether the Offence shall be committed from Malice conceived against the Owner of the Property in respect of which it shall be committed, or otherwise: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Case where the Party offending acted under a fair and reasonable Supposition that he had a Right to do the Act complained of, nor to any Trespass, not being wilful and malicious, committed in Hunting, Fishing, or the Pursuit of Game; but every such Trespass shall be punishable in the same Manner as beforp the passing of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That any Person found committing any of the said Offences in respect to the malicious Injury of Property may be immediately apprehended, without a Warrant, by any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, or by the Owner of the Property in respect of which the Offence shall have been committed, or by the Servant of such Owner, or by any other Person authorized by such Owner, or by any other Person in care or charge of such Property, and may be forthwith

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 927

with taken before some neighbouring Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person in whose Pos- Stealing session or on whose Premises with his Knowledge any of the Property .;

Articles of Property herein-after mentioned shall be found in justice the Manner herein-after mentioned shall not satisfy the Justice require Person or Justices before whom he shall be brought that he came lawfully by the same, or that the same was on his Premises with- certaj^Article *, out his Knowledge or Assent, it shall be lawful for such Justice and failing so or Justices to commit such Person to Gaol, in order that he may be brought forward for Trial for such Offence at the next pUnf8hment in Court of Petty Sessions of the District, unless he shall enter followingCases: into Recognizance, with One or more Sureties, to appear before such Court; and if afterwards such Person shall be convicted at such Court of any of the next following Offences he shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case; that is to say,

Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises with Penons in pos-his Knowledge any Goods, Merchandize, or Articles of any kind belonging to any Ship or Vessel in distress, or wrecked, wrec. stranded, or cast on shore, shall be found by virtue of a Search Warrant, and who shall not satisfy the Justice or Justices that he came lawfully by the same, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Twelve Months:

Any Person who shall offer or expose for Sale any Goods, Shipwrecked Merchandize, or Articles whatsoever which shall have been fo^j^offered unlawfully taken, or reasonably suspected to have been taken, from any Ship or Vessel in distress, or wrecked, stranded, or cast on shore as aforesaid, and who shall not satisfy the Justice or Justices that he came lawfully by the same, shall pay such Sum as the said Justice or Justices shall fix as a reasonable Reward to the Person who shall have seized the same, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Thirty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months; and in every such Case Officers of any Person to whom the same shall be offered for Sale, or Customs, &c. any Officer of the Customs or Excise or Constabulary 1 e

Force, or other Peace Officer, may lawfully seize the same, and with all convenient Speed carry the same or give Notice of such Seizure to some neighbouring Justice:

Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises with Person* in pos-his Knowledge the Carcass of any Sheep, Lamb, or Deer, ion of stolen or the Head, Skin, or other Part thereof, or any Venison, Mutton» c* Mutton, Fat, Skin, or Fleece of such Deer, Sheep, or Lamb, shall be found by virtue of any Search Warrant, and who shall not satisfy the Justice or Justices that he came lawfully by the same, shall pay to the Party aggrieved the Charges previous to and attending his Conviction, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months:

928

Stealing Property.

Persona in poe-innon of stolen Wood *

Justices may order Restitution of stolen Property.

In case they are not convicted, Justice may summon other Persons.

Justices may order Punishment in the following Cases:

Stealing, &c. Deer in any inclosed Ground.

Stealing Dogs or Beasts or Birds ordinarily kept in Confinement, and not the Subjects of Larceny.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT,

Any Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises with Ins Knowledge the whole or any Part of any Tree, Sapling, or Shrub, or any Underwood, or any Part of any live or dead Fence, or any Post, Pale, Rail, Stile, or Gate, or any Part thereof, being of the Value of Two Shillings at the least, shall be found by virtue of any Search Warrant, and who shall not satisfy the Justice or Justices that he came lawfully by the same, shall pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Article or Articles so found, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

And in every Case where any such Articles of Property shall be of a perishable Nature it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices by whom such Person shall be so bound to appear at Petty Sessions, to direct that the same shall be delivered over to such Person as he or they shall be clearly satisfied to be the rightful Owner thereof; and in every Case where any such Articles of Property shall not be so delivered over in the first instance, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices by whom the Case shall be heard at Petty Sessions to direct that the same shall be delivered over to the rightful Owner, if known, or if the rightful Owner shall not be known, that the same shall be sold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in like Manner as any Penalties imposed by any Justice shall be by Law applicable: Provided always, that if any Person shall not under the Provisions last aforesaid be liable to Conviction, then, for the Discovery of the Person who actually stole or killed such Articles of Property, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, at his or their Discretion, as the Evidence given and the Circumstances of the Case shall require, to summon before him or them any and every Person through whose Hands such Articles of Property or any Part thereof shall appear to have passed; and if the Person from whom the same shhll have been first received, or any Person who shall have had Possession thereof, shall not satisfy the Justice or Justices that he came lawfully by the same, he shall be liable to the like Punishment as is herein-before provided in each Case.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case:

Any Person who shall unlawfully and wilfully course, hunt, snare, or carry away, or kill or wound, or attempt to kill or wound, any Deer kept or being in any Park, Paddock, or inclosed Land wherein Deer shall be usually kept, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Thirty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall steal any Dog, or any Beast or Bird ordinarily kept in a State or Confinement, not being the Subject of Larceny at Common Law, or in whose Possession or on whose Premises the same, or the Skin or Plumage thereof, shall be found by virtue of a Search Warrant, such Person knowing that the said Dog, Beast, or Bird

has

1850.

929

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102.

has been stolen, or that the Skin is the Skin of a stolen suaKng Dog or Beast, or that the Plumage is the Plumage of a Property. stolen Bird, shall for the First Offence pay the Value of the Dog, Beast, or Bird to the Party aggrieved, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months; and for a Second or subsequent Offence shall, in addition to any such Compensation, be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Twelve Months:

Any Person who shall steal, or damage with Intent to steal, Stealing, &c. any Part of any live or dead Fence, or any Wooden Post, ^eyDcJ, Wooden Pale, or Rail set up or used as a Fence, or any Stile or stile or Gate. Grate, or any Part thereof respectively, shall for the First First Offence. Offence pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Article or Articles so stolen, or the Amount of the Injury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months; and for any subsequent Offence shall, in Subsequent addition to any such Compensation, be liable to a Fine not offenoe* exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall steal, or shall cut, break, root up, or Stealing Trees, otherwise destroy or damage with Intent to steal, the whole Shbs» i

n . / . m o v oi i under the Value

or any Part of any growing Tree, Sapling, Shrub, or 0f5t growing Underwood, or any growing Fruit or vegetable Produc- anywhere, tion, or any growing cultivated Root or Plant, shall, in case the Value of the Article or Articles stolen or the Amount of the Injury done shall not exceed Five Pounds, for the First Offence pay to the Party aggrieved the Value of the Article or Articles stolen or the Amount of the In- Fix*t Offence, jury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and for any Second or subsequent Second Offence. Offence of the same Kind shall, in addition to any such Compensation, be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Terih not exceeding Six Months:

Any Person who shall steal, or damage with Intent to steal. Stealing Tree *, the whole or any Part of any Tree, Sapling, Shrub, or Underwood, or any cultivated Plant, Root, Fruit, or vege- soil, or Turf table Production, severed from the Soil, or any Turf or Fuel, not Peat manufactured or partly manufactured for Fuel, in 40, '

case the Value of such Article or Articles stolen or the Amount of the Injury done shall not exceed Forty Shillings, shall for the First Offence pay to the Party ag- First Offence, grieved the Value of the Article or Articles so stolen or the Amount of the Injury done, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months; and for a Second Second Offence, or subsequent Offence of the same Kind shall, in addition 3 N 2 to

to any such Compensation, be liable to a Pine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Six Months:

Any Artificer, Workman, Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or Labourer who shall unlawfully dispose of or retain in his Possession, without the Consent of the Person by whom he shall be hired, retained, or employed, any Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials committed to his Care or Charge, the Value of such Goods, Wares, Work, or Materials not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall pay to the Party aggrieved such Compensation as the Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Month:

Justices may And in every such Case any such Articles of stolen Property order Besti. shall, by Order of the Justice or Justices by whom the Case Property.*10 60 heard and determined, be delivered over to the rightful

Owner, if known, or if the right Owner shall not be known, the same shall be sold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in like Manner as any Penalties imposed by a Justice or Justices shall be by Law applicable.

If any auch

VIII. And be it enacted, That if the Justice or Justices <?fTcnc^Dbene before whom any Person charged with any of such last-deemed fit for mentioned Offences relating to the stealing or damaging with Indictment, Intent to steal any such Property shall be brought shall be of with Msuch*11 0P*ni°n that the Case is a fit Subject for Prosecution by Indictment for Larceny, such Justice or Justices shall, instead of summarily adjudicating thereupon, deal with the Case as one to be prosecuted by Indictment at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions.

Stealing

Property.

Workman making away with Goods committed to his Care.

Persons in the Act of committing such Offences may be apprehended without Warrant.

A Justice, upon good Grounds of Suspicion, proved on Oath, may grant a Search Warrant.

Any Person to whom stolen Property is

IX. And be it enacted, That any Person found committing any of the said Offences in respect to the stealing or damaging with Intent to steal Property may be immediately apprehended, without a Warrant, by any Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, or by the Owner of the Property with respect to which the Offence shall be committed, or by the Servant of such Owner or any Person authorized by such Owner, and such Offender may be forthwith taken before some neighbouring Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

X. And be it enacted, That if any credible Witness shall prove upon Oath before a Justice that there is reasonable Cause to suspect that any such Property with respect to which any such Offences as aforesaid, as to any Person having shipwrecked or stolen Goods in his Possession, or stealing or damaging with Intent to steal the Articles of Property aforesaid, shall have been committed, is in any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Place or Places, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search such Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Place or Places for such Property, as in the Case of other stolen Goods; and any Person to whom any such Property shall be offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, if he shall have

931

have reasonable Cause to suspect that any such Offence has been committed on or with respect to such Property, is hereby authorized, and, if in his Power, is required to apprehend without a Warrant, and forthwith to carry before a neighbouring Justice, the Party offering the same, together with such Property, to be dealt with according to Law.

XI. And be it enacted, That where the stealing or taking of any Property whatsoever is punishable by this Act, any Person who shall receive any such Property, knowing the same to be unlawfully come by, shall, on Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices, be liable, for every First, Second, or subsequent Offence of receiving the same, to the same Forfeiture and Punishment to which a Person guilty of a First, Second, or subsequent Offence of stealing or taking such Property is by this Act made liable.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be charged with having committed or having attempted to commit, or with having been an Aider, Abettor, Counsellor, or Procurer in the Commission of any Offence which now is or hereafter shall or may be by Law deemed or declared to be Simple Larceny, or punishably as Simple Larceny, and whose Age at the Period of the Commission or attempted Commission of such Offence shall not, in the Opinion of the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be brought or appear, exceed the Age of Fourteen Years, shall, upon Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices sitting in Petty Sessions and in open Court, be committed to Gaol for any Term not exceeding Three Months, or in the Discretion of the Justice or Justices shall pay such Fine not exceeding Three Pounds as the said Justice or Justices shall adjudge, or, if a Male, shall be once

frivately whipped, either instead of or in addition to such mprisonment; and the said Justice or Justices shall from Time to Time appoint some fit and proper Person to inflict said Punishment of Whipping when ordered to be inflicted out of Prison: Provided always, that if such Justice or Justices, upon the Hearing of any such £!ase, shall deem the Offence not to be proved, or that it is not expedient to inflict any Punishment, he or they shall dismiss the Party charged; on finding Surety or Sureties for his future good Behaviour, or without such Sureties, if the said Justice or Justices shall so think fit: Provided also, that if such Justice or Justices shall be of opinion, before the Person charged shall have made his Defence, that the Charge is from any Circumstance a fit Subject for Prosecution by Indictment, or if the Parent or next Friend of the Person charged shall, upon his being called upon to answer the Charge, object to the Case being summarily disposed of under the Provisions of this Act, such Justice or Justices shall, instead of summarily adjudicating thereupon, deal with the Case as one to be prosecuted by Indictment at Assizes or Quarter Sessions.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Conviction of any such Juvenile Offender for any such Offence shall be attended with

offered to seise the Party.

Receivers of Property, where the original Offence is punishable summarily, shall be punishable as original Offenders.

Juvenile Offendert.

Persons not exceeding Fourteen Years of Age committing certain Offences may be summarily convicted.

I f Offence not proved, or Punishment inexpedient, Justices may dismiss Parties, with or without Sureties.

If the Charge is thought fit for Indictment, &c. Case to be dealt with as if this Act had not passed.

No Forfeiture upon such Convictions, but

932

presiding Justices may order Restitution of Property;

and if not forthcoming may order Compensation.

Frauds atto Property.

Punishment for Offences:

Corn, &c. adulterated offered for Sale.

Frauds in the Sale of Meat, &c. in Markets.

Trespass of Persons.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

ny Forfeiture save as herein-before mentioned, but whenever bny such Person shall be deemed guilty of such Offence it shall e lawful for the Justice or Justices to order Restitution of the Property in respect to which such Offence shall have been committed to the Owner thereof or his Representatives; but if such Property shall not then be forthcoming, the Justice or Justices, whether he or they shall award Punishment or dismiss the Complaint, may inquire into and ascertain the Value thereof in Money, and if he or they shall think proper order Payment of such Sum of Money to the true Owner by the Person convicted, either at One Time or by Instalments at such Periods as he or they may deem reasonable.

XIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall on Conviction thereof be liable to such Punishment as is herein-after specified in each Case:

Any Person who shall sell or offer for Sale any Wheat, Rye, Meslin, Peas, Beans, Barley, Bere, Oats, Shillin, Cuttings* Meal, Flour, Malt, or other Com which shall in the whole or in part be spoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith any Sand, Gravel, Dirt, or rotten or damaged Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, or grown or blighted Cora, or other Kind of Stuff, or which shall not be in Quality of equal Goodness to that produced to the View of the intended Buyer or Buyers thereof, or shall use any other Fraud or Deceit therein, in order to make such Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour appear heavier than it would have been without such Mixture, Fraud, or Deceit, shall forfeit all such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to be disposed of as the Justice or Justices shall direct, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Month:

Any Person who shall in any Fair, Market, or other Place exhibit for Sale any unwholesome or fraudulently prepared Meat, Fish, or other Provisions or Food of any Kind for Man or Beast, or shall practise any Deceit or Fraud in respect to the Weight or Quality of any such Meat, Fish, or other Provisions, shall forfeit all such Meat, Fish, or other Provisions, to be disposed of as the Justice or Justices shall direct, and shall also be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Month:

And it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices to seize or cause to be seized any of the Articles herein-before last mentioned as to which any such Offence shall be committed; and the said Justice or Justices may, if he or they shall deem it expedient, either proceed at once to hear and determine the Case, or may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next Petty Sessions of the District.

XV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall wilfully trespass in any Field, Garden, Pleasure Ground, Wood, or

933

Plantation, or other Inclosure, and shall neglect or refuse to Tpt»on leave any such Place after he shall have been warned to do &<p after ao by the Owner, or by the Caretaker or Servant of the Owner, armng* or by any Person authorized in that Behalf by the Owner, or who shall repeat any such Trespass within One Month from the Time when such Warning shall have been so given to him, shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, and in default of Payment thereof at such Time as the Justice or Justices shall direct shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding One Week: Provided always, but not to ex-that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Case where £nd t°5^uin the Party trespassing acted under a fair and reasonable Sup- pj^? position that he had a Bight to go into or upon any such Place, nor to any Trespass, not being wilful or malicious, committed in Hunting, Fishing, or the Pursuit of Game, but every such Trespass shall be punishable in the same Manner as before the passing of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein con- *nd not to tained shall prevent any Person from maintaining any Civil Action or Suit for any such Trespass, instead of proceeding Under this Act. Offence* and

XVI. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall on or Obstruction* on relating to any public Boad commit any of the following Offences pubUc Road*' shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings; that injuries to Road 18 to say. Punishment

Any Person who shall scour, deepen, widen, or fill up any for offences: Ditch or Drain on the Side of any public Boad, unless Deepening with the Consent of the County Surveyor or by the Authority of any Presentment:

Any Owner or Occupier of any Lands contiguous to any Omitting to public Boad who shall omit to scour any Ditch or Drain ^0JJ)^h^gChe8, leading from such Boad, so as to allow the Water to pass Drains under away, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him Passages in and so to do by the County Surveyor or by the Contractor °Jit ot Rc?ad5^ for the Repair of such Boad, or who shall suffer the Pas- r °Uce' sage of the Water to be obstructed by making or leaving any Way or Passage from any Road into the adjoining Lands, or into his House, without a sufficient Pipe, Sewer, or Gullet underneath it:

Any Person who shall build or cause to be built any House Building or Part of a House within Thirty Feet of the Centre of Houses *, any public Boad, except in the Streets of Corporate or Market Towns, ' or where a House now stands, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and to a further Sum of Ten Shillings a Week from the Time of his Conviction until the same shall be pulled down or removed:

Any Person who shall alter the Fences of any public Boad, Altering or who shall build any Wall, or make any Ditch, Drain, or Feuces without Watercourse, or dig any Pit or Hollow, on any public county* Sur- Boad, or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof (save yeyor, &c .: upon or within any ancient Fence adjoining such Boad), or who shall otherwise break up the Surface of any Boad 3 N 4 or

934

Injuries to Road.

Scraping Roads without Consent of County Surveyor, &c .:

Drawing Timber, &c. so as to injure Road:

Riding on Footpaths.

Centre of Road.

Surveyors may fill Drains and remove Nuisances, at Expense of Party offending.

Surveyor or Contractor may require Owners of Land to prune Hedges or Trees injuring Roads.

Owners not complying to be summoned before Justices

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

or Footpath, unless with the Consent of the County Surveyor or by the Authority of any Presentment:

Any Person who shall, without the Consent of such Surveyor or Contractor, scrape any public Road, or cut any Sods or Turf on the Side of any such Road, or take any Earth, Clay, Stone, or Gravel therefrom:

Any Person who shall draw any Timber or Stones along any Part of a public Road, without being supported by Wheels from touching the same:

Any Person who shall ride or drive any Horse or other Animal willingly and unnecessarily on any Footpath: Provided always, that the Centre of the Road, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed to be the Centre of the Part thereof made with Gravel or Stones; and it shall be lawful for the County Surveyor or such Contractor, if duly authorized by the Justices at any Petty Sessions of such County, to fill up any Ditch or Drain which shall be scoured, deepened, or widened, or to scour any Drains which have been filled on the Side of any public Road, without such Consent as aforesaid, or to scour or deepen any Drain or Ditch leading from any Road which shall be omitted to be scoured ov deepened after such due Notice as may be required by Law, or to remove any Way or Passage from any Road into any adjoining Land or to any House which may obstruct the free Passage of the Water, and to remake the same by building a Gutter, Sewer, or Arch therein, or to pull down any Wall or fill up any Ditch or Drain which shall be so built or made contrary to the Provisions of this Act, at the Expense of the Offender or Occupier of the Lands where such Offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for the Justices at any Petty Sessions of the County, upon Complaint of such Surveyor or Contractor, and upon Proof of the Expenses incurred, to issue a Warrant for the Levy of such Expenses by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Occupier.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if the County Surveyor or the Contractor for the repairing of any public Road in any County shall think that such Road is prejudiced by the Shade of any Hedges or Trees (except those planted for Ornament or Shelter of any Dwelling House, Courtyard, or Garden), or if any Obstruction is caused in any public Road by any Hedge or Tree, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor, and they or either of them, or any Head or other Constable directed in Writing by Two Justices, are hereby authorized to require the Owner of the Land on which such Hedges or Trees are growing to cause such Hedges to be cut or plashed,) or such Trees to be pruned or lopped, so as that such Road may not be prejudiced or obstructed by the same; and if such Owner shall not comply with such Request within Ten Days it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Contractor or Constable as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to summon such

Owner

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 935

Owner before the Justices assembled at any Petty Sessions of at Patty Set-such County, to show cause why he has not complied with such sioni5 Request; and if such Justices shall order and direct that such who may order Hedges shall be cut or plashed, or such Trees pruned or lopped, ^OwnerT* and if the said Owner shall not obey such Order within Ten ftnd his* Re-Days after the making of the same, it shall and may be lawful fusal Surveyor for such Surveyor or Contractor or Constable as aforesaid to ^c^t?ctor cut or plash such Hedges, or to prune or lop such Trees, for m*7 lU the Benefit and Improvement of such Hoad, and to remove such Obstruction as aforesaid, to the best of his Skill and Judgment; and the said Surveyor or Contractor or Constable as Owner to pay aforesaid shall be reimbursed by the said Owner the Expenses

he shall be at in cutting or plashing such Hedges, or pruning levied by Di»-or lopping such Trees; and it shall be lawful for such Justices tret* and Sale, at Petty Sessions aforesaid, upon Complaint of such Surveyor or Contractor or Constable as aforesaid, and upon Proof of the Expenses incurred, to issue their Warrant for the Levy of such Expenses by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, in such Manner as any Forfeitures may be levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Hedges, &e. Person shall be compelled, nor any such Surveyor or Contractor not to be cut or or Constable as aforesaid permitted, to cut or prune any Hedge at any other Time than between the last Day of September and the last Day of March.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any County Surveyor Penalty on or Road Contractor, or any other Person, shall dig, raise, and

carry away any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials from i^ury of any the Side of any public Road, or from any Beach or Sea-shore, Road or whereby a public Road, or Bulwark or Defence to any Bridge BuUdinS* or like Building, or any Land within the Fences of any such Road, may be injured, he shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Shillings for every Cartload of such Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials so dug, raised, or carried away.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall, by Day Penalty for

or by Night, wilfully damage or destroy any Pay Gate or Turn- *rny

pike Gate, or any Post, Rail, Wall, Chain, Bar, or other Fence Turnpike Gate, of any Kind whatsoever, which shall be used to prevent Pas- &c .; aengers from passing by without paying the Toll payable by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or any Toll House for the Use of any such Pay Gate or Turnpike Gate, or shall forcibly or.

rescue any Person or Persons, being lawfully in Custody of c^stody*?©

any Constable or other Person for any of the Offences last men- such Offence*.

tioned, he shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings,

or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Months.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully Penalty for prevent, assault, or threaten to assault any County Surveyor

or Road Contractor in the Execution of his Duty, or any Per- SurUyor* or son or Persons employed by proper Authority in surveying or Contractor* on measuring or laying out any Line intended for a new Road, public R<mds* or shall wilfully destroy, pull up, deface, or injure any Surveyors Instruments or Implements used in making or laying out any

public

936

by writs to RoacL

Penalty for using new Road for certain Time after making.

RoadNutiances.

Punishment for Offences:

Turning Horse, &c. loose:

Injury from Negligence, &c. in driving Cattle, &c .: Flying Kites or making Slides:

Fireworks, &c .:

Leaving Ploughs, Harrows, &c. on the Road

Slaughtering Beasts on a Road:

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Irekmd)* 13 & 14Vi(?r.

public Road, or any Milestone, Milepost, or Direction Post, or any Bridge, Battlement, Wall, Railing, Mound, or Fenoe belonging to any public Road, or shall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take away Stones out of any such Battlement, Wall, Mound, or Fenoe, or out of any Bridge, Pipe, Arch, or Gullet belonging to any public Road, he shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the County, upon Application of the County Surveyor, to forbid any Person or Persons from riding or driving any Kind of Beast or Carriage on any new Road for such Space of Time as shall to them appear necessary, not exceeding Six Months after such new Road shall have been made, and the Expenditure thereon duly accounted for at Special Sessions; and any Person who shall wilfully disobey such Order, the same being duly notified by a Notice affixed to a Board or Boards erected upon such Road, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the next following Offences shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings; that is to say,

Any Person who shall in any public Road or Street of a Town turn loose any Horse or Cattle, or set on or urge any Dog or other Animal to attack or worry any Person, Horse, or other Animal:

Any Person who by Negligence or Ill-usage in driving Cattle shall in any public Road or any Street of a Town cause any Mischief to be done by such Cattle:

Every Person who shall fly any Kite or play at any Game, or make or use any Slide upon Ice or Snow, on any public Road or in any Street of a Town, to the common Danger of the Passengers:

Any Person who shall cast or throw any Fireworks or discharge any Fire-arms on any public Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or in any Street or Passage of a Town, or who shall cast, throw, or discharge the same, or suffer the same to be cast, thrown, or discharged, from out of his House, Shop, Dwelling, Lodging, or Habitation, or from out of any Place thereto belonging, into any public Road, Street, or Passage:

Any Person who shall leave or permit to be left on any public Road, opposite to or near his House or Office, any Plough, Harrow, Cart, or other Carriage, without the Horse or other Animal being harnessed thereto, unless such Carriage shall have been accidentally broken down there:

Any Person who shall slaughter any Beast, or leave any dead Beast, or skin or permit to be skinned any Beast, on any public Road or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, save within any House or Yard:

Any

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 937

Any Person who shall lay any Stones, Timber, Dirt, Dang, RoadNnUtme*.

Turf, Straw, Rubbish, or Scourings of any Ditohes or . — r___

Drains, or other Object, on any public Road or within Timber, 1 Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, or in any Street of a Town, so as to cause Danger or Mischief to any Passengers, and shall allow the same to remain there longer than shall be absolutely necessary:

Any Person who shall hoop, scald, or fire any Cask, or bind Scalding Casks, any Car or Cart Wheels, or beat any Flax, or thresh or beating Flax, winnow any Corn, on any public Road or Street of a Town, c0^a^ing or within Thirty Feet of the Centre thereof, save within any House or Yard:

Any Person who shall keep or suffer to be at large within Keeping un-Fifty Yards of any public Road any Cur Dog, Mastiff, logged Dogs *, or Bull Dog, without having such Dog muzzled, or without having a Block of Wood fastened to the Neck of such Dog, of sufficient Weight to prevent such Dog from being dangerous:

Any Person who shall steep any Flax, or burn any Bricks Drying Flax or or Lime, or any Weeds or Vegetables for Ashes, upon burning Weeds, any public Road, or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, or shall make or assist in making any Fires commonly called Bonfires, or any other Kind of Fire, upon any public Road or within Sixty Feet of the Centre thereof, save within any House or Yard:

Any Person who shall lead or drive on any public Road Carrying Timor Street of a Town any Car or Carriage with Timber, bcr CTomwm- Boards, or Iron laid across, so that either End shall project more than Two Feet beyond the Wheels or Sides thereof:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall render Surreyoror any County Surveyor or Road Contractor liable to any Fine Contractor not for any Act done by such Surveyor in the Discharge of the except^ car Duties of his Office, or by such Contractor in the necessary tain Cases. Execution or Performance of his Contract; but if any such Surveyor or Contractor shall lay or cause to be laid any Heap of Stones, Gravel, Rubbish, or other Matter whatever, upon any public Road, and allow the same to remain there at Night, to the Danger or personal Damage of any Person passing thereon, all due and reasonable Precautions not having been taken by him to prevent any such Danger or Damage, such Surveyor or Contractor shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Swine, &e. Person whatsoever to seize and impound, or cause to be seized wandering on or impounded, any Swine or other Beast which shall be found udin^ wandering upon any public Road, or about the Streets or Pas- pounded, and sages of any Town, in case the Owner shall not daim such Owner fined, *. Animal, or shall not be known; and it shall be lawful for any Justice to impose upon the Owner of such Animal, if known, a Fine not exceeding Two Shillings; and in case such Fine, and the Expenses of impounding and detaining such Animal when

it

MoadNmuamcu.

Notice of Seiiure to be posted.

Justice may order Removal of Nuisances.

Fine for every Day that Materials are left on Road after Notice to re-more the same.

Justices may order dangerous Dogs to be killed.

Stage Carriages.

Punishment for Offences:

Carrying more than a certain Number:

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

it shall be so impounded, shall not be paid within Four Days after imposing such Fine, or after such impounding, as the Case may be, it shall be lawful for any Justice to cause such Animal to be sold, and out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof to cause such Fine, and Expenses of impounding, keeping, and selling the same, to be paid, rendering the Overplus (rf any) to the Owner, due Notice having been previously given of such Sale, in which shall be inserted the Name of the Parish and Townland where such Animal was seized; which Notice shall be posted up in some conspicuous Place in the Parish where such Animal was seized, and at the Place where impounded, Forty-eight Hours at the least before the Time of Sale.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the County Surveyor or Hoad Contractor, or any Head or other Constable duly authorized in Writing by any Justice of the County, to remove any of the herein-oefore mentioned Objects which may be so left on any public Road or Street contrary to the Provisions of this Act, at the Expense of the Offender; and it shall be lawful for the Justices at any Petty Sessions of 'the County, upon Complaint of such Surveyor, Contractor, or Constable, and upon Proof of the Expense incurred, to issue a Warrant for the Levy of the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; and for every Cartload of Dung, Rubbish, Scourings, Clay, Stones, Bricks, Sand, or Lime, or other like Materials, which shall have been laid on any public Road or Street contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and which shall be allowed to remain there for more than Twenty-four Hours after the Owner thereof shall have been required by any Justice or by the County Surveyor, by Notice in Writing, to remove the same, such Owner shall, in addition to any Fine for so leaving the same there in the first instance, be also liable to a further Fine not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Day that the same shall be allowed to remain there after the Expiration of the said Period of Twenty-four Hours; and it shall also be lawful for any Justice or Justices, within his or their Jurisdiction, to issue a Warrant to any Head or other Constable, directing him to seize or kill any dangerous Dog which shall be kept near any public Road contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and such Head or other Constable may accordingly seize or kill any such Dog.

XXV. And be it enacted, That any of the Persons hereinafter mentioned who shall commit any of the next following Offences on any public Road or in any Street of a Town shall, in addition to any Civil Action to which he may subject himself, be liable for each of such Offences to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings; that is to say,

Any Driver, Owner, or Guard of any Coach, Omnibus, Car, Caravan, or other Carriage, by what Name soever the same is or shall hereafter be called or known, which shall be employed as a public Stage Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, who shall permit more Passengers

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland), Cap. 102 *

sengers to be carried by the same than the Number for whom Seats shall be respectively provided, inside or outside of the same, allowing a Space of at least Sixteen Inches for each Passenger, over and above the Space allotted to the Driver and Guard when there is a Guard: Provided always, that no Child under Seven Years of Age shall be included in or counted as One of such Number; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, to stop any such Carriage which shall appear to carry a |greater Number of Passengers than it can legally carry under the Provisions of this Act, and to measure the Seats of same, in order to ascertain whether sufficient Space has been allotted to the Passengers:

Any Driver, Owner, or Guard of any such Carriage who shall carry a greater Number of Persons than such Carriage can carry on the Seats of same according to the Provision herein-before contained, or who shall allow any Passenger to sit upon the Top of any Luggage, or upon any Part of such Carriage not intended to carry Passengers, or who shall carry or permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels of Luggage whatever exceeding Two Feet in Height above the Roof to be conveyed on any such Carriage carrying Inside Passengers:

Any Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, and who shall not paint or cause to be painted on the Outside of the Door, or of each Door when there shall be more than One, of such Carriage, or on some other conspicuous Part of such Carriage, in legible Letters of at least One Inch in Height, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at Length, the Number of Passengers which such Carriage shall be intended to carry, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or Firm of the Company of Proprietors to whom such Carriage shall belong, or who shall cause any such Carriage as aforesaid to be employed or used for carrying any Passengers for Hire without having the said Words painted in such Manner as is herein-before directed:

Any Driver or Guard of any such Carriage who shall, by reason of Intoxication, Negligence, or other Misconduct, endanger the Passengers in their Lives or their Property, or the Property of any other Person with which they may be intrusted, or who shall wilfully mis-spend or lose Time on the Road, or who shall use abusive or insulting Language to any Passengers, or who shall demand or exact more than the proper Fare due from any Passenger: Provided always, that in any such Case the Justice or Justices may, in addition to the Fine, order such Offender to repay to the Party aggrieved any Sum so exacted, and also to make reasonable Compensation for any Damage or Loss caused by such Mischief:

Any

989

Stage Carriage

Carrying Luggage on the Top of any Carriage with Inside Passenger* exceeding a certain Height i

Omitting to paint Number of Passengers to be conveyed, on the Doors, See. of public Carriages:

Misconduct of Drivers, See. to p4ssengers, &c .:

Stage Carriages,

Drivers leaving their Horses until a proper Person shall stand at their Head:

Summons for the Driver left with the Bookkeeper to be good Service.

Carts and Cars,

Punishment for Offences:

Where Names of Owners are not painted on Girts, &c .:

One Driver taking charge of more than One Girt, &c., except in certain Cases:

Drivers of Carts riding thereon without some

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Any Driver of any such Carriage who shall (at any Place or Places where Assistance can be procured) quit his Horse or Horses, or the Box of such Carriage, until a proper Person or Persons shall stand at the Head of the Horse or Horses or Fore-horse or Fore-horses, or shall hold the Reins so as to prevent them from running away, or any such last-mentioned Person or Persons who shall not remain at their Head or hold the Beins until the Driver has returned to his Box, or any Driver of any such Carriage who shall intrust the Reins to any other Person to drive such Carriage, or any Person who shall so take such Reins and drive such Carriage:

And any Summons issued by any Justice requiring any Owner, Driver, or Guard of any such Carriage to appear before him to answer to any Complaint for any such Offence shall be deemed good and sufficient Service in case the same be left with the known or acting Book-keeper, or with any other Person having the Care of any Office where Places are usually taken or Parcels received for such Carriage.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That any of the Persons hereinafter mentioned who shall commit any of the next following Offences on any public Road, or in any Street of a Town, shall, in addition to any Civil Action to which he may subject himself, be liable for every such Offence to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings; that is to say.

Any Owner of any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage for the Conveyance of Goods, who shall not paint or cause to be painted upon some conspicuous Part of the Right or Off Side of such Carriage, before the same shall be used on any public Road or Street of a Town, in legible Letters not less than One Inch in Height, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same is painted, and in Words at Length, his Name or Residence, or the Name and Residence of a Partner or Owner thereof, and who shall not continue the same thereupon so long as such Carriage shall be used upon any such public Road or Street, or who shall u Be or allow the same to be used on any such public Road or Street without the said Name and Residence being painted thereon as aforesaid, or who shall suffer the same to become illegible, or who shall paint or cause to be painted any false or fictitious Name or Residence cm such Carriage:

Any Person who shall act as the Driver or have the sole Charge of more than One such Carriage as last aforesaid on any public Road or Street, unless in the Cases where Two of such Carriages and no more shall be drawn each by One Horse only, and the Horse of the hinder of such Carriages shall be attached by a sufficient Rein to the Back of the foremost of such Carriages:

Any Person having the Care and Charge of any such Carriage as last aforesaid who shall ride upon the same, or upon any

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland)* Cap. 10?.

any Horse drawing the same, on any publie Hoad or Street, not being accompanied by some other Person on Foot or on Horseback to guide the same, except where such Carriage shall be driven with Reins, and be conducted by some Person holding the Reins of all the Horses drawing the same:

Any Driver of any such Carriage as last aforesaid who shall negligently or wilfully be at such Distance from such Carriage, or in such a Situation whilst it shall be passing upon any such Road or Street, that he cannot have the Direction of the Horse or Horses drawing the same, or shall leave any such Carriage on such Road or Street so as to obstruct the Passage thereof:

Any Driver of any such Carriage as last aforesaid, not having the Owner's Name thereon as hereby required, and remaining legible thereon, who shall refuse to tell or to discover the true Christian and Surname and Residence of the Owner of such Carriage:

Any Person having the Care of any such Carriage drawn by One Home, Mule, or Ass who shall not have a double Rein extending back to such Carriage.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall On any public Road or Street commit any of the next following Offences shall, in addition to any Civil Action to which he may make himself liable, be also liable for every such Offence to the Punishment herein-after specified in each Case; that is to say. Any Person driving any Carriage whatsoever, or riding any Horse or other Animal, who, meeting any other Carriage or Horse or other Animal, shall not keep his Carriage or Horse or other Animal on the Left or Near Side of the Road or Street, or, if passing any other Carriage or Horse or other Animal going in the same Direction, shall not in all Cases where it is practicable go and pass to the Right Side of such other Carriage or Horse or other Animal, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

Any Person riding any Horse and leading any other Horse, who shall not keep such led Horse on the Side away from any Carriage or Person passing him on any public Road or in any Street of a Town, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings:

Any Person who shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person, or any Carnage or Horse or other Animal under his Care, from passing him upon any public Road or Street, or who shall by Negligence or Misbehaviour prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any Person or Carriage on any public Road or Street, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

Any Person riding any Horse or Animal, or driving any Sort of Carriage, who shall ride or drive the same furiously on any public Road or Street so as to endanger the Life or Limb of any Passenger or Person, or to the common

Danger

94i

other Penan to guide them.

Drivers leering their Carts:

Drivers refusing to tell Owner's Name.

One* bone Can without double Reins.

Rule* of the Road,

Punishment for Offences:

Keeping on wrong Side of the Road:

Passing with a led Hone:

Obstructing free Passage:

Furious

Driving:

942

Negligent

Driving:

Children under Thirteen Years not to drive.

Compensation for Damage not exceeding 40s. recoverable before Justices in such Cases.

Owners may recover over against Drivers.

Constabulary to take cognisance.

Offenders, if known, to he summoned; or if not known, may be arrested.

Proceeding if Driver will not discover his Name.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Danger of the Passengers, or who shall by Carelessness or wilful Misbehaviour cause any Hurt or Damage to any Person or Property being on any public Road or Street, shall be liable to a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings:

And no Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage, and no Hackney Car or Carriage, or Car or Carriage let on Hire, travelling on any public Road or Street, shall be driven by any Person who shall not be of the full Age of Thirteen Years, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings, to be paid by the Owner of such Carriage.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any Hurt or Damage shall have been caused by the Commission of any of the said Offences upon Roads or in Streets of Towns, the Justice or Justices, upon the Hearing of the Complaint, may, in addition to any Penalty herein provided, adjudge as and for Compensation to be paid to any Party aggrieved thereby a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, provided such Amount of Damage shall have been proved, and may order the Party offending, or, in case of an Offence by the Driver of any Carriage, the Owner of such Carriage, forthwith to pay such Sum, and also such Costs as shall have been incurred, and the Payment thereof may be enforced in like Manner as any Fine may he enforced under and by virtue of this Act, and subject to the like Provisions as to Imprisonment in default of Distress for the some 2 Provided always, that any Sum which shall be so paid by the Owner shall and may in like Manner be recovered by him in a summary Way before a Justice or Justices from the Driver through whose Default such Sum shall have been so paid, upon Proof of the Payment thereof pursuant to the Order of the Justice or Justices.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the County and Sub Inspectors, Head and other Constables of the Constabulary Force shall take cognizance of all such Offences upon any public Road or in any Street of a Town as aforesaid, and shall, in every Case where the Name and Residence of any such Offender is known or can be ascertained, summon him before the Justices at Petty Sessions; and where the Name and Residence of such: Offender shall be unknown and cannot be ascertained, he may, with or without any Warrant, be apprehended by any County or Sub Inspector, Head or other Constable, or any Persons whom he may call to his Assistance, and shall be forthwith conveyed before any Justice or Justices, to be dealt with according to Law; and if any such Person in any of the Cases aforesaid shall refuse to discover his Name, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices before whom he shall be token, or to whom any such Complaint shall be made, to commit him to Gaol, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Month, or to entertain any Proceeding against him for the Penalty aforesaid by a Description of his Person and the Offence only, without adding any Name or Designation, but expressing in the Proceedings that he refused to discover

his

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 943

his Name; and in all Cases of Proceedings for any such Offenders as to Offences by. the Owner or Driver of any Carriage or Animal on Carrlfl8f» any public Road or Street of a Town, it shall be lawful to summon the Offender either before the Justices of the Petty against wher-Sessions District in which the Offence shall be committed, or cver they may before the Justices of any other Petty Sessions District in be' which such Offender may reside or be at the Time of taking such Proceeding, and such Justices are hereby authorized to bear and determine such Case, either upon the Complaint of such County or Sub Inspector, Head or other Constable, or of any other Person.

XXX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Person Horses, Car-having Charge of any Horse, Cart, Carriage, or any other ria«e8» &c. of Animal or Thing, shall be taken into the Custody of any Head ^aeuiued*7 or other Constable under the Provision herein-before last contained, it shall be lawful for such Head or other Constable to

take charge of such Horse, Cart, Carriage, or such other Animal or Thing, and to deposit the same in some Place of safe Custody, as a Security for Payment of any Penalty to which the Person having had Charge thereof may become liable, and for Payment of any Expenses which may have been necessarily incurred for taking charge of and keeping the same; and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices by whom the Case shall be heard to order that, in default of such Penalty and Expenses being paid, such Horse, Cart, Carriage, or such other Animal or Thing, shall be sold, for the Purpose of satisfying such Penalty and Expenses, in like Manner as if the same had been subject to be distrained and had been distrained for the Payment of the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing C, V, L

of this Act, when the Term or Interest of the Tenant of any uaiaplCTIOK* House or any Part of a House, situate in any City, Town, or Order for

Village in which any Fair or Market is usually held, and which Po9S^H shall be held by him for any Term not exceeding One Calendar Tenements,

Month at a Bent not exceeding the Bate of One Pound Sterling —

by the Month, shall have ended, or shall have been duly deter-

mined by a legal Notice to quit, and such Tenant, or (if such ^ntg^ybe Tenactedo not actually occupy the Premises, or only a Part recovered by thereof,) any Person by whom the same or any Part thereof Summon be^ shall be then actually occupied, shall neglect or refuse to deliver the* Peace!68 ° up Possession of the same, it shall be lawful for the Landlord of the said Premises, or his known Agent, or for the Receiver of the Bents of his Estate, to cause the Person so neglecting or refusing to quit and deliver up Possession to be served with a Summons in Writing, to be signed by a Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction in the Place in which the said Premises shall be situated, to appear before a Justice or Justices at the Petty Sessions of the District in which the said Premises shall be situated, to show Cause why Possession of the said Premises should not be delivered up to such Landlord or such Agent or Receiver as aforesaid; and if the Tenant or Occupier shall not

Order for Poeustion of Small Tenements,

If Party summoned give Undertaking to deliver up Possession and pay Arrears in 14 Days, no Warrant shall issue; but if.party continue in possession at the End of such 14 Days, Justices may issue Warrant forthwith.

Manner in which such Summons shall be served.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland), 13 & 14 VICT.

appear at the Time and Place appointed, or if such Tenant or Occupier shall appear, and shall not show to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices reasonable Cause why Possession should not be given, and shall still neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession of the said Premises, or such Part thereof as he was in possession or occupation of at the Time of the Service of such Summons, to the said Landlord or the said Agent or Receiver, it shall be lawful for the said Landlord or the said Agent or Receiver to give such Justice or Justices Proof of the Holding and of the End or Determination of the Tenancy, with the Time and Manner thereof, and, where the Title of the Landlord hath accrued since the letting of the Premises, the Right by which he claims the Possession; and thereupon it shall be Lawful for such Justice or Justices to issue a Warrant under their Hands to any Head or other Constable of or acting in the District within which such Premises shall be situate, or to any other Person as a special Bailiff in that Behalf requiring and authorizing him, within a Period to be therein named, not less than Seven or more than Ten clear Days from the Date of such Warrant, to give Possession of the Premises to such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver; and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Warrant to the said Constable or Bailiff to enter upon the Premises, with such Assistants as he shall deem necessary, and to give Possession accordingly: Provided always, that Entry upon any such Warrant shall not be made on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, or at any Time except between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if the Party so summoned to give up Possession shall, in obedience to such Summons, appear before the Justices, and shall give an Undertaking (to be entered in Writing by the Clerk of Petty Sessions) quietly and peaceably to deliver up, within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof, Possession of the Premises of which he is such Tenant or Occupier, in good Order and Repair, to the Landlord, or such Agent or Receiver, and in the meantime to pay all Rent and Arrears of Rent claimed by such Landlord in respect to such Tenement, in such Case the Justices shall not issue their Warrant for giving Possession till the Expiration of such Period of Fourteen Days: Provided always, that if the Tenant or Occupier shall at the Expiration of such Period continue in possession or occupation of the said Tenement, save by the Permission of such Landlord, Agent, or Receiver, it shall be lawful for the Justices, at the Instance of the Landlord or of such Agent or Receiver, to issue their Warrant for giving Possession of the same as aforesaid, and such Warrant shall be executed forthwith, without further Notice to such Tenant or Occupier.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That such Summons as last aforesaid may be served either personally or by leaving the same with some Person being in occupation of such House or Part of a House, and where the Tenant of such House or Part of a House shall not reside therein, by serving the same personally

or

945

1450, Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102.

or by leaving the same at the Place of Abode of the Tenant Order for

so bolding over as aforesaid Four clear Days before the Day Po"^w of appointed for the Hearing of the Matter of the said Summons: Tenements.

Provided always, that if the Person so holding over cannot be -

found, and Admission into the Premises so overheld for serving Substitution of such Summons cannot be obtained, and the Place of Abode of ^T£^cer' such Person not residing as aforesaid shall either not be known or Admission thereto cannot be obtained for serving such Summons, the posting of the said Summons on some conspicuous Part of the Premises so held over shall be deemed to be good Service upon such Person.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained But Act not to shall be deemed to protect any Person by whom any such War-

rant for the Delivery of Possession of Tenements shall be sued Right° out as aforesaid from any Action which may be brought against him by any such Tenant or Occupier for or in respect of Such Entry and taking possession, where such Person had not, at the Time of suing out the same as aforesaid, lawful Right to the Possession of the said Premises.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Servant, Artificer, Master and or Labourer or other Person shall engage, by a Contract in Servant. Writing signed by both Parties, with any Person, to serve him Justice may at any Time and in any Manner, and shall not enter into or punish Servant, commence his Service according to such Contract, or having

entered into any Service under any Contract, whether in Writing tract?lDg or not, shall absent himself from the same before the Term specified in such Contract shall be completed, or shall neglect to fulfil the same, or shall be guilty of any Misconduct or Misdemeanor in the Execution of the same or in any way respecting the same, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices, upon Complaint thereof on Oath, either to summon such Servant to Petty Sessions, or to issue his or their Warrant to apprehend such Servant, Artificer, or Labourer, and to hear and determine at Petty Sessions such. Complaint made against him by his Employer, or by the Steward, Manager, or Agent of his Employer, and if it shall appear that he has not fulfilled his Contract, or has been guilty of any Misconduct in respect to the same, to impose upon him a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Jive Pounds, and in default of Payment of such Fine at such Time as the Justice or Justices shall fix, to commit him to Gaol for any Term not exceeding Three Months, and to abate the whole or a Part of his Wages, and, if he shall see fit, to discharge him from his Contract or Service, by Writing under the Hand of such Justice.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice may Justice or Justices to hear and determine any Disputes and j^der^*gesto Differences which shall arise between any Master and his Apprentice, or any Employer and his Labourers or Servants, concerning any Wages, where the Demand, whether originally greater or not, shall not exceed Ten Pounds, and whether such Wages shall be due in respect to any Day's Work or to any

946

Master and Servant.

How Servants, See. shall recover their Wages in Cases of Absence of Masters, &e.

Justices may award further Sum to Servants, &c. as Compensation for Loss of Time in recovering Wages.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

Labour done or performed by Task, Job, or Contract, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to any such Apprentice, Labourer, or Servant as, according to the Terms of his Apprenticeship or other Agreement, as the Case may be, shall appear, under all the Circumstances of the Case, to be justly due, and also of so much Compensation as is herein-after provided; and if such Sum, and such Costs and Compensation as may be awarded, shall not be paid by the Person ordered to pay the same, either immediately or within such Time as shall be directed by the Justice or Justices, it shall be lawful for him or them, and he or they are hereby required, to issue his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person refusing or omitting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Person.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in every Case where the Master or Employer shall intrust his Business to the Management and Superintendence of any Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices, upon the Complaint of any such Servant, Artificer, Labourer, or Apprentice concerning the Nonpayment of his Wages, to summon such Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager to appear at Petty Sessions, and to hear and determine the Matter of the Complaint in such and the like Manner as Complaints of the like Nature against any Master or Employer are herein-before directed to be heard and determined, and thereupon to make an Order for the Payment by such Steward, Agent, Bailiff, Foreman, or Manager to such Servant, Artificer, Labourer, or Apprentice of so much Wages as to such Justice or Justices shall appear to be justly due, provided that the Sum claimed shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any such Sum and Costs at such Time as shall be directed by such Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices shall and may issue his or their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Employer, rendering the Overplus to such Master or Employer, or to such Steward, Agent, Bailiff Foreman, or Manager, for the Use'of such Master or Employer, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices that any Servant,

Artificer, or Labourer has been or is likely to be detained from his Home or usual Place of Residence, or has suffered or is likely to suffer any additional Loss by reason of the Nonpayment of any Wages which such Justice shall so adjudge to be due, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order that there shall be paid to such Servant, Artificer, or Labourer, not only the Sum so due for Wages as aforesaid, but also such further Sum for the Time during which such Servant, Artificer, or Labourer shall have been so detained from his usual Place of Residence, or for the Loss suffered or likely to be suffered, as such Justice or Justices shall think and adjudge to be reasonable,

having

Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland).

Cap. 102.

having regard to the Length of such Detention, the Diligence or Remissness of either Party, the usual Wages of such Servant, Artificer, or Labourer, and the Wages which within the Time of such Detention such Servant, Artificer, or Labourer did earn, or under all the Circumstances of the Case might have earned: Provided always, that such additional Sums or Sum so ordered shall not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Persons, whether Artificers or Servants, or otherwise, who shall be employed to do any Species of Work or Labour whatsoever for Hire, and whether they shall find Materials for the Performance of the Contract or not, shall be deemed and taken to be Labourers within the true Intent and Meaning of the Provisions of this Act, and shall be entitled to recover Wages as such, under and according to the Regulations aforesaid.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Sums which shall be due or payable for the Hire of any Horse, Ass, Mule, Bullock, or other Animal for Draught, or of any Cart, Dray, Car, Plough, Harrow, or Vehicle drawn by any such Animal fot the Purpose of any labouring Work, (not being for the Carriage of any Passenger or Passengers,) or for the Hire of any Boat for the Purpose of any labouring Work (not being for the -Carriage of any Passenger or Passengers), where the Demand, whether originally of greater Amount or not, and whether such Hire shall be by the Day or by Contract or otherwise, shall not exceed Ten Pounds, shall be recoverable in the same Manner and subject to the same Conditions and Limitations as are herein-before contained in respect to Wages.

XLI. And be it enacted, That all Sums which shall be due or payable to any Schoolmaster or Teacher for the teaching of any Child in any School or otherwise, when the Demand, whether originally greater or not, shall not exceed Ten Pounds, and whether the Engagement shall be for a Payment by the Day or other Period, or in any other Manner, shall be recoverable from the Parent or Parents or from such other Person as shall have engaged such Teacher or Schoolmaster to teach such Child, in the same Manner and subject to the same Limitations and Conditions as are herein-before contained in respect to Wages.

XLII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Dispute shall arise between any Buyer and Seller relating to the Terms of Sale, Delivery, Price, or Payment for any Article, Matter, or Thing which shall be exhibited for Sale in any Fair or Market, and which shall not be of a greater Value than Five Pounds, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices, within his or their Jurisdiction, to hear and determine such Dispute forthwith, upon the Complaint of either Party, and in Presence of both Parties, and, if necessary, to cause all Parties to be brought before him for that Purpose; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, having examined into the said Complaint upon the Oath of either of the Parties or of any Witness or

947

Matter and Servant.

Labourers

defined.

The Hire of Horses, Carts, &c. to be recoverable in like Manner.

Remuneration for Tuition to be recoverable in like Manner.

Fairs and Markets.

Justices mar make Awards as to Disputes at Sales in Fairs and Markets, where Value does not exceed 51

Fain and Markets.

Justices may make Regulations as to Markets.

Persons obstructing with Hackney Cars, Carts, hc. liable to a Fine.

Witnesses, to make an Award thereon according to the Merits of the Case, with Costs not exceeding Five Shillings, and such Award shall be in Writing, and shall have the like Force and Effect as any Order made by a Justice at Petty Sessions.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Town Commissioners acting under an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-two, and for the Commissioners acting under any other load or special Acts giving them like Powers in their respective Towns not being Corporate Towns, and for the Justices at Petty Sessions in other Market Towns not being Corporate Towns, from Time to Time to make and vary from Time to Time such Regulations as they shall see fit for keeping or causing to be kept free and clear from Obstruction all Passages or Thoroughfares in and through the said Markets, and for keeping or causing to be kept all said Markets, and all Passages therein and thereto, clear and free from any Dirt or Nuisances of any Kind whatever, and for preventing all Indecencies being committed therein, provided that no such Regulations shall interfere with or impede the due Accommodation of Persons lawfully exposing Good* or Wares for Sale therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Town Commissioners or Justices to give due Notice of such Regulations, by causing the same to be painted on a Board, and affixed in some conspicuous Place in any such Market, in like Manner as Schedules of Tolls and Customs in Markets are now required by Law to be affixed; and if any Person shall offend against any of the said Regulations, by exhibiting Goods or Wares in any such Market in any Place other them that appointed for the Sale of the same, or by refusing to remove the same when required so to do, or by obstructing the Passages or Thoroughfares in and through such Market, by placing or leaving any Impediment of any Kind therein, or by leaving or causing to be left any Dirt or Nuisance of any Kind therein, or shall commit any Indecency in said Market or in the Passages thereto, he shall, on Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices, pay a Fine for a First Offence not exceeding Five Shillings, and Costs not exceeding One Shilling, and for a Second Offence a Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, and Costs not exceeding Two Shillings.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall, within any City, Borough, or Market Town in Ireland, or within a Quarter of a Mile from the Boundary thereof, cause any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage, or any public or Hackney Car or Carriage, to stand in any public Road or Street longer than may be reasonable or necessary for loading or unloading, or for taking up or setting down Passengers, (except any Cart, Dray, Waggon, or other such Carriage lawfully standing in any Place customarily used for such Purpose in any public Market or Fair, and except any public or Hackney Car or Carriage standing for Hire in any Place allowed for such Purpose by any Order in Writing to be made by the Justices

at

1860. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 949

at the Petty Sessions of the District, and which Order such Jus- Justices may tioes are hereby empowered to make,) or any Person who shall »PPoint Stand* within any such Place or Limits as aforesaid, except as herein- or " before excepted, by means of any such Carriage, wilfully interrupt any public Crossing, or wilfully cause any Obstruction in any public Road or Street, shall, on Conviction thereof before a Justice or Justices, pay for every such Offence a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLV. And be it enacted, That such Head Constable or Head Con-Constable in each Petty Sessions District as shall be selected by fable the County Inspector of Constabulary with the Approval of the wSghtaand Justices, shall henceforth be ex officio an Inspector of Weights Measure *, and Measures within such District, and shall possess and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which any Inspector of Weights and Measures may possess or exercise under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, and shall perform such Duties, under the Direction of the Justices at Petty Sessions, without Fee or Reward, and notwithstanding any manorial Jurisdiction or Claim of Jurisdiction within such District.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury Grand Jury of each County from Time to Time to procure so may provide many Copies, in Iron or other sufficient Material, of the County Weigh^andd Copies of the Imperial Weights and Measures as they shall see Measure *, fit, and to direct that the same shall be duly stamped by any Inspector of Weights and Measures for such County, or by such Officer of the Constabulary as the said Grand Jury shall appoint for that Purpose, with the Approval of the said Inspector General, and that the same shall be deposited in the Custody of the said Head or other Constables, so as to enable them the more easily to discharge the Duties of Inspectors of Weights and Measures; and such Copies so to be procured shall be called the County Sub-Standard Weights and Measures, and shall, at least once in every Year, and also at any other Times when required by the County Inspector of Constabulary of the County or by the Justices at Petty Sessions, be compared with and corrected by the said County Standard Weights and Measures, by the said Inspector of Weights and Measures, or the said Officer of Constabulary so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall adjust the same, and also affix the County Stamp thereto; and such Copies so adjusted and stamped shall, until the next Comparison of same, to be made in manner aforesaid, be considered to all Intents the same as the said County Standard Weights and Measures for all Purposes of Comparison and Verification, and for all other Purposes for which such County Standard Weights and Measures are required under the Provisions of the said recited Act, by any Inspector of Weights and Measures; and any Person who shall use said Copies for any other Purpose shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice or Justices of the County, be liable to a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

General

Provisions.

Compensation awarded to be paid to Party aggrieved, except in certain Cases.

Application of Fines.

Persons aggrieved, Complainants in all Cases and Defendants iu Wages Cases, competent Witnesses.

The Justice may discharge the Offender in certain Cases.

Pardon for Nonpayment of Money.

All Complaints to be made within Six Months, except for Wages &c., :ch may be

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 Vict.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in every Case where any Sum shall be awarded under the Provisions of this Act as Compensation for Damage, or as the Value of any Article, or as the Amount of any Injury done, such Sum shall in the Case of private Property be paid to the Party aggrieved, if known, and where the Party aggrieved is unknown, or in the Case of Property of a public Nature or wherein any public Right is concerned, such Sum shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties imposed by a Justice shall by Law be applicable: Provided always, that where several Persons join in an Offence, and are severally punished each in the Amount of the Injury done, no more than One of such Sums shall be paid to the Party aggrieved, and the rest shall be applied as other Penalties imposed by a Justice shall be by Law applicable.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case where a Fine for an Offence shall be imposed under the Provisions of this Act, and no Sum shall be awarded to the Prosecutor by way of Compensation for Damages, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom the Conviction shall take place, if he or they shall see fit, to award any Sum not exceeding One Third of such Fine to the Informer, and the Remainder of such Fine and all other Fines imposed under the Provisions of this Act shall be awarded to the Crown.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Prosecutions for Offences under this Act the Evidence of the Party aggrieved shall be admissible in proof of the Offence; and in all Cases of Complaints on which a Justice or Justices can make an Order for the Payment of Money under this Act the Evidence of the Complainant shall be admissible in proof of his Complaint; and in Cases of Wages it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, and they are hereby empowered, to summon before him or them the Master or Employer as a Witness, and the Evidence of such Witness may, in the Discretion of the Justice or Justices, be admitted in proof against the Complaint.

L. And be it enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted before a Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence against this Act, and it shall be a First Conviction, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, if he or they shall so think fit, to discharge the Offender from his Conviction, upon his making such Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved, for Damages and Costs or either of them, as shall be ascertained by the Justice or Justices.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to extend the Royal Mercy to any Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act, although he shall be imprisoned for Nonpayment of Money to some Party other than the Crown.

LII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of summary Proceedings under the Provisions of this Act the Information may be laid or the Complaint may be made within Six Calendar Months from the Time when the Matter of such Information or Complaint arose, or, in case of Wages, Hire, or Tuition,

within

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102.

within Twelve Months from the Termination of the Period when the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and not otherwise, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in any Case of summary Proceedings under this Act where an Older shall be made by any Justice or Justices for any Penalty or other Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, or for any Term of Imprisonment exceeding Two Months, or for the doing of anything at a greater Expense than Forty Shillings, but not in any other Case, the Party against whom such Order shall be made shall be entitled to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions to be held in the same Division of the County wherein the Order shall have been made, unless when the same shall commence within Three Days from the Date of the Order, in which Case, if the Appellant sees fit, it may be made to the next succeeding Quarter Sessions of such Division; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions to hear and determine such Appeal

LIV. And be it enacted, That in every such Case where a Party shall have a Bight to appeal from any Order made under this Act he shall not exercise such Right unless he shall serve Notice of his Intention to appeal upon either the Clerk of the Petty Sessions or the Justice who shall have made such Order, and also upon the opposite Party, within Three Days from the Date of such Order, and unless he shall also enter into a Recognizance, with Two solvent Sureties, conditioned to prosecute Such Appeal, and to pay such Sum and Costs, together with such other Costs as may be awarded against him upon such Appeal if the same be not decided in his Favour; and the Amount of such Recognizance shall be double the Amount of the Sum and Costs ordered to be paid, or double the Amount of a Sum calculated at the Rate of Ten Shillings for every Week of the Imprisonment, where Imprisonment only is ordered.

LY. And be it enacted, That in any Case where a Party shall be in Custody, or shall have been committed to Gaol, or any Warrant of Distress shall have been issued or executed, under any such Order of a Justice or Justices, and being entitled to appeal shall have served the proper Notice and entered into the proper Recognizance to prosecute his Appeal, the Justice by whom the Warrant of Committal shall have been issued, or any other Justice of the same County, shall, upon an Application Ijeing made to him in that Behalf, forthwith order the Discharge of *such Person from Custody or from Gaol, or that such Warrant of Distress shall not bfe executed, or that if executed the Distress shall be returned to the Owner, as the Case may be.

LVI. And be it enacted, That in any Case where any such Appeal as aforesaid against any Order to be made under the Provisions of this Act, by which any Person shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, shall be decided against such Person, he shall thereupon be liable to be imprisoned for the Period adjudged by the

951

made within 12 Months.

In what Cases Appeals shall be permitted.

Appeal only to next Quarter Sessions of the Division.

Notice to Clerk or Justice, and also to opposite Party, to be given within Three Days.

Recognisance to proseente Appeal.

Amount of Recognisance.

On Appeal being duly made, the Justice to discharge the Defendant.

In ca$e of Appeal the Period of Imprisonment to run from the Decision of the Appeal.

General

Pnwitimu.

Offences may also be punished on Indictment.

No Order or Adjudication made on Appeal shall be quashed for Want of Form.

Interpretation

Clause.

Repeal of certain Acts.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

the original Order, where he shall not have been apprehended and discharged in manner aforesaid, or where he shall have so been apprehended and discharged, then for such Period as, together with the Time during which he shall so have been in Custody, shall be equal to the Period adjudged by the original Order.

LVII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall commit any of the Offences herein-before mentioned, and now by Law punishable by Indictment, may, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices, be proceeded against and punished for the same either upon Indictment or before a Justice or Justices upon summary Conviction; and in every Case where, under the Provisions of any other Act, the Commission of any of the said Offences a Second or subsequent Time shall be punishable upon Indictment for the same, such Second or subsequent Offence shall continue punishable in the same Maimer as if this Act had not been passed.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That no Order made under the Provisions of this Act, nor any Adjudication made on Appeal therefrom, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record.

LIX. And be it enacted, That in the Interpretation of this Act, save where there is anything in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " County" shall be deemed to include " County of a City" or " County of a Town;" the Word " Justice" shall mean "Justice of the Peace," and shall include a " Divisional Justice " of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or " Chief Magistrate " of any Corporate Town; the Word "Petty Sessions" shall include a "Divisional Police Office" of Dublin Metropolis; the Word " Gaol" shall include any " House of Correction " or " Bridewell99 of the County to which any Person may be legally committed by any Justice; the Word "Oath" shall include "Affirmation" or " solemn Declaration," as the Case may be; the Word " Month" shall mean " Calendar Month;" the Word " Road " shall include " Highway " or other public Thoroughfare, and " Street " shall include any Lane or Passage in any Town; and the Word "Horse" shall include any other Animal of any Kind commonly used or employed in drawing any Kind of Carriage; Words denoting the Masculine Gender shall include Femalfes as well as Males, and Words denoting the Singular Number shall include Two or more Persons or Things as well as One Person or Thing, and vice versa.

LX. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Acts and Parts of Acts herein-after mentioned shall be and the same are hereby repealed, together with all other Acts and Parts of Acts inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, except so much of the said Acts as repeal any other Acts or Parts of Acts, and also except as to any

Offence

1850, Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). Cap. 102. 853

Offence committed before the passing of this Act, or any Pro- . G*n*nd eeedings now pending to which the same or any of them are Provisions. applicable; that is to say.

An Act to prevent the throwing or firing of Squibs, Serpents, 5 G. 2. c. 12.

and other Fireworks:

So much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King 116.3. c. 7.8.1, George the Third, intituled An Act for punishing such Persons as shall do Injuries and Violence to the Persons or Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, with Intent to hinder the Exportation of Com, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

An Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of 27 G.s. c. 5s. King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing the wilful Destruction of Turnpike Gates, and for the better securing the Payment of Tolls at such Gates:

So much of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the 49G. s. c. 84. Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for *30* amending the Irish Road Acts, as relates to the Mode in which Carriages and Persons shall pass each other on any public Road:

An Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King 50 g. s. c. 32. George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto:

An Act passed in the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the 54 G.s. c. 116. Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland* and to make other Provisions for Recovery of such Wages:

An Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the 58 G.s. 0.82. Third, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King 4G.4. c. 34. George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enlarge the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, and between Masters, Apprentices, Artificers, and others, so far as relates to Ireland:

So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George 9 G.4. c. 55. the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and consolidating the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny, and other Offences connected therewith, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

So much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George 9 g. 4. c. 56. the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating the Laws in Ireland relative to malicious Injuries to Property, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

So

954

10 G. 4. c. 34.

& 3 W. 4.

C. 50.

6 & 7 W. 4.

c. 116.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 106.

11 & 12 Vict.

c. 28.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 59.

7 & 8 Vict c. 8.

12 & 13 Vict c. 15.

12 & 13 Vict c. 30.

Act to take effect on the 1st Oct 185a

Act to extend to Ireland only.

Cap. 102. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT *

So much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the Person, as relates to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace as to summary Convictions:

An Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for amending the Irish Road Acts:

So much of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland, as relates to the summary Jurisdiction of Justices as to any of the Offences upon or relating to public Roads hereinbefore mentioned:

So much of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin, as relates to the summary Jurisdiction of Justices as to any of the Offences upon or relating to public Roads herein-before mentioned:

So much of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Imprisonment for Debt in Ireland, and to improve the Remedies for the Recovery of Debts and of the Possession of Tenements situate in Cities and Towns in certain Cases, as relates to the Recovery of the Possession of small Tenements:

An Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Recovery by summary Process of small Sums due to the Teachers of Schools in Ireland: An Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland:

An Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Sheep, and more speedy Detection of Receivers of stolen Sheep, in Ireland.

LXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on the First Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

LXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend and be construed to extend to Ireland only, but shall not extend to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis in any Matter relating to

955

1850. Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland)* Cap. 102, 103.

to Offences or Obstructions upon or relating to public Roads or Streets.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Short Title of Acts of Parliament, or in any legal Instrument or Proceedings, Act* it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1850."

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act maybe or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of tended, &c. Parliament.

Cap. cm.

An Act to authorize further Charges on " The London Bridge Approaches Fund" for the Completion of certain Improvements in the Metropolis.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the

" Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for improving the Approaches to London 10G.4. c.i$6.

Bridge, a Fund was created, called the Fund for improving ' the Approaches to London Bridge, consisting of certain Duties upon Coal imported into the Port of London forming Part of

a Fund called the Orphans Fund, which Duties were thereby i made payable for the Term of Twenty-one Years, to be com-

puted from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, unless the Sums of Money charged thereon should be sooner paid off and discharged: And whereas by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An UG. 4. C. 69.

Act to make further Provision for defraying the Expenses of making the Approaches to London Bridge and the Removal of

Fleet Market, the Fund was increased by including therein certain Duties upon Wine imported into the Port of London i or the Members thereof, by way of Merchandize, and also (certain Fines on the Admission of Freemen and binding 1 Apprentices, and also certain Aqueducts forming Part of the

Property of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the

City of London, and also the several annual Sums of Eight ' thousand Pounds, Two thousand Pounds, and One thousand five hundred Pounds charged on the Estates and Revenues ' of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the ' Fund so increased as aforesaid was made chargeable with the 1 Sums charged and to be charged thereon by virtue of the said

Acts, and all such several and respective Funds as were not ' permanent were continued until the Sums charged and to be i charged thereon by virtue of the same Acts respectively ' should be paid off; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons were empowered to borrow and raise the further Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds upon the Credit

of the Fund created as aforesaid: And whereas by an Act

1 & 2 Vict. c., 100.

2&S Vict. c. 80.

3 & 4 Vict c. 87.

3 & 4 Vict c. 131.

4 & 5 Vict c. 12.

Cap. 108. London Bridge Approaches Fund* 13 & 14 VICR

passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Site of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and the Avenues adjoining thereto, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons

were empowered for the Purposes of the said Act to borrow and raise the further Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Fund created as aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to raise a Sum of Money for making additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis,

the said Commissioners were empowered to charge the said Fund with the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds for ' making additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis, with Interest thereon from the Time of charging the same not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as therein mentioned, and such Parts of the said Fund as were not permanent wer$ 4 continued until the Sums charged and to be charged thereon by virtue of the Act now in recital should be paid off: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enabk Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, 4 Works, and Buildings to make additional Thoroughfares in the 1 Metropolis, the Commissioners of Her Maj esty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being were empowered, for the Purposes of the Act now in recitiu and the said last-recited Act, to charge and raise the further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Funds by the said last-recited Act authorized to be charged, and all such Parts of the said Funds as were not permanent were continued until the further Sum to be charged thereon c by virtue of the Act now in recital should be paid off: And whereas by another Act passed in the said Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 to continue for Four Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight the Duties now levied on Coal and Wines imported into the Port of London, the Duties on Coal and Wines forming Part of the Fund aforesaid were continued for a further Term of Four Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Her Majestfs Commissioners of Woods to make a new Street from Coventry Street, Piccadilly, to Long Acre, and for other Im-

provements in the Metropolis, after reciting, among other things,

an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a new Street from Holborn Bridge in the City of London towards Clerkenwell Green,

and an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign c of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for opening a Street

to

951

1850. London Bridge Approaches' Fund* Cap. 103;

to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continue

ation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of ' London, and that it was expedient that the Commissioners of (Her Majesty's Woods, Forest, Land Revenues, Works, and ' Buildings should be authorized, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to advance, out of the Monies to be borrowed and raised by them under the

Provisions of the now reciting Act, any Sum not exceeding ' Twenty-five thousand Pounds towards the Expenses of making ' and completing the said Street from the Termination of the ' Street authorized to be made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, under the said recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to (Clerkenwell Green, and any Sum not exceeding Thirty thousand ' Pounds towards the Expense of making and completing a ' Line of Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge *

and also any Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Pounds ' towards the Expense of making and completing a spacious and ' convenient Communication between the Houses of Parliament ' and Buckingham Palace, the said Commissioners were empowered to charge the several Funds, Duties, and Revenues

herein-before mentioned with the Payment of the Sum of Two ' hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, together with Interest on the Sum or Sums to be charged from the Time of charging ' the same, to be payable half-yearly, in addition to the Sum ' of Three hundred thousand Pounds which the said Commissioners were so as aforesaid authorized to charge for the Pur-9 poses herein-before mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present

Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majestys Woods to raise Money for certain Improvements in the

Metropolis on the Security of the Land Revenues of the Crown ' within the County of Middlesex and City of London, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of ' Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and ' Buildings for the Time being, with the Consent of the Commissioned of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow and take up ' at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Com-9 miseioners, with such Consent as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying into effect and completing the ' several Improvements and new Streets authorized and directed to be made by them by the several Acts herein-before recited)

on Mortgage of all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings *

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of or belonging to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, within the County of Middlesex and City of London, or either of them, (other than 9 Royal Palaces and Parks,) and to secure the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so to be borrowed or any Part thereof, with ' Interest for the same, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held ' in Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled

4 & 5 Victe.40.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 101.

5 & 6 Vict. c, 64.

8 & 9 Vict c. 178.

Cap. 103. London Bridge Approaches Fund. 13 & 14 Vict.

An Act for further extending the Approaches to London Bridge and the Avenues adjoining to the Royal Exchange in the City of London; and for amending the Acts relating thereto respectively; and for raising a Sum of Money towards opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled were empowered to borrow the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, and also the e Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Fund created, increased, and continued by the several therein and herein-before in part recited Acts, at such Rate of Interest as therein is mentioned; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled were thereby authorized to pay to the Commissioners named in and appointed by the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, as therein is mentioned: And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for regulating the Priorities of Monies authorized to be charged on a Fund called "The 4 London Bridge Approaches Fund," it was enacted that the said several Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, so authorized to be raised by the said Mayor, 4 Aldermen, and Commons as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, should have Priority over the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, so as aforesaid authorized to be charged, and the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds by the Act now in recital authorized to be charged by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Laud Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and the Interest thereon, and any Securities or Charges to be given or made in respect thereof: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving Parts of the City of Westminster, it was ' enacted that the Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, which by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, were empowered to appropriate and apply towards the Expenses of making, forming, and completing a Communication between the Neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palace, should be appropriated and applied towards the Expenses of

making, forming, and completing the new Street and Communication by the Act now in recital authorized to be made,

provided such new Street and Communication were made and fully completed according to the Plan modified and approved

1850, London Bridge Approaches Fund. Cap. 103. 959

by Her Majesty's Commissioners of Metropolitan Improvements within Five Years after the passing of that Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provi- 10 & 11 Vict.

sions of the Westminster Improvement Act, 1845, and to autho- c*CXXXI#

rize the Application of certain Bates in aid of the Improvements,

it was, among other things, enacted that the Proviso in the said last-recited Act contained, that no Part of the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, should be paid to the Commissioners under the said Act until the new Street and Communication thereby authorized to be made should have been actually made and completed to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Treasury, should be and the same was thereby repealed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An lo&ii Vict.

Act to vary the Priorities of the Charges made on the Lon- c* 1I5 '

don Bridge Approaches Fund, it was enacted, that when the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were satisfied that the Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds had been expended towards purchasing the Area of and forming the said Street and Works to be made and performed by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, if the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods should not have at their Disposal Monies sufficient to pay to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, so authorized to be paid to them as aforesaid, then and thenceforth Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum should be paid by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds,

or on so much as should remain unpaid from the Time at which the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were satisfied that the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds had been expended as aforesaid up to the Time at which the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the unpaid Part thereof,

should be paid, but in case the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners should borrow the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, on the Security or Credit of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds thereby directed to be paid to them, and should pay for the Monies borrowed a 4 Rate of Interest lower than the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, then only the Rate of Interest which should be paid by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners in respect of the Principal Monies so borrowed should 3 P 4 be

960

11 & 18 Vict. c. 184.

Cap. 103. London Bridge Approaches Fundf 13 & 14 VICT.

be paid by Her Majesty's said Commissioners in respect of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for varying the Priorities of the Charges made on The London Bridge Approaches Fund," and to focilitate the Completion of certain Improvements in the City of Westminster: And whereas the several Sums of Money by the before-mentioned several Acts authorized to be chained upon the said Fund called The London Bridge Approaches Fund," by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London and by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings respectively have been from Time to Time charged thereon accordingly, and the growing annual Produce of the said Fund has been applied in Payment of the Interest and in part Payment of the Principal Monies secured by the Charges so made thereon by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and since the said last-recited Act was passed the Interest of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds appropriated to the said Westminster Improvements has also been paid out of such growing annual Produce, but no Part of the Principal Monies charged on the said Fund by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, 4 Works, and Buildings, or of the Interest thereof, (except the Interest of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds since the passing of the last-recited Act,) has yet been paid: And whereas the annual Produce of the said Fund called The 4 London Bridge Approaches Fund has of late Years greatly increased, and it is estimated that all the Principal Monies and Interest now charged thereon will be wholly paid of F 4 and satisfied at a much earlier Period than was originally calculated, and that a further Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-four thousand Pounds may be raised on the Credit of the Surplus of the said Fund without extending the Duties on Coal and Wines for any longer Term than they are now by Law payable; and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London have consented and agreed that such Sum of Two hundred and sixty-four thousand Pounds shall be charged not only on the Coal and Wine Duties but also upon other the annual Sums and Duties forming Part of the said Fund for the Purposes herein-after mentioned: And whereas the said several Sums, amounting together to the said Sum of Four hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds which the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings have charged on the said Fund called the London Bridge Approaches Fund, and the Interest thereof will not be sufficient, after paying thereout the several Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Thirty thousand Pounds, &p-

propriated

1850.

961

London Bridge Approaches Fund. Cap. 103.

propriated to Improvements in Westminster and Southwark, and the Interest of the same, to satisfy and discharge all the Sums of Money which the said Commissioners have raised by Mortgage of Land Revenues of the Crown, under the Authority of the Act herein-before recited, and it is reasonable that the Land Revenues of the Crown should be further indemnified out of the Surplus of the said Fund: And whereas it is expedient that further Sums of Money should be raised for the Completion and Continuation of the said Improvements in Clerkenwell and Westminster, and that further Provision should be made for the Formation and opening of a 4 new Thoroughfare in Southwark; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at any Time after the passing of this Act, by any Instrument or Writing under their Common Seal, (and which Instrument or Writing shall be exempt from any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty,) with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to charge all and singular the said Fund called The London Bridge Approaches Fund, created, increased, and continued as aforesaid, and which, under the Authority of the before-recited Acts or some of them they have already charged with the several Sums amounting together to the Sum of Four hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds as aforesaid, with the Payment to them the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings of the further Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon after such Rate not exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum as the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, and such Interest to commence and be payable in respect of the Sum of One hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds, from the passing of this Act, in respect of the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, further Part thereof, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and in respect of the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, from the Date when such last-mentioned Sum or any Part thereof shall be raised and applied under the Powers herein-after contained; and that all and singular the Fund so to be charged as aforesaid shall (after Satisfaction of Monies having Priority of the said Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds) be paid to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being in and towards the Discharge of the said Sum of One hundred

Commissioners of Woods empowered to make a further Charge upon the Fund.

Commissioners of Woods empowered to raise Monies on the Credit of the Charge.

Commissioners of Woods to continue incorporated.

Commissioners empowered to advance Monies for completing Improvements in Southwark and Westminster.

Cap. 103. London Bridge Approaches Fund. 13 & 14 VICT.

and seventy-six thousand Pounds and Interest so to be charged as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said last-named Commissioners, with such Consent as aforesaid, from Time to Time or at any one Time, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Monies so to be charged by them as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, and thereupon to assign and dispose of the said Monies so to be charged or any Part thereof, and the Interest thereon, in such Shares, and by way of Debenture or otherwise, and with such Priorities, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit, as a Security for the Monies so to be borrowed; and such Monies so to be raised shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Credit of the said Commissioners, to such Account, by such Instalments, in such Proportions, at such Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being shall continue and be incorporated for the Purposes of this Act, and that the Payment of the Monies so to be charged or raised by them as aforesaid, and the Interest thereon, either into the Bank of England, or otherwise as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons or Body paying the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to reserve, and, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to appropriate and apply, out of the Monies to be borrowed and raised by them under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, with Interest thereon from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, towards the Expense of making, forming, and completing a Line of Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, and in addition to the like Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, which by the recited Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign the said Commissioners have been already authorized to appropriate and apply to the Purpose aforesaid; and also, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to advance and lend to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, out of the Monies to be borrowed and raised as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds towards the Expenses of making, forming, and completing the new Street intended to be called Victoria Street, and of opening the same as a public Thoroughfare, and for securing the Repayment of the Sura so to be advanced and lent as last

aforesaid.

1850.

963

London Bridge Approaches Fund. Cap. 103.

aforesaid, with Interest thereon at such Rate, and to be payable at such Times, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall approve of, to accept and take from the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners a Mortgage of or Charge upon the Monies by the "Westminster Improvement Act, 1847," authorized to be paid to them in respect of the increased Rates therein mentioned, or such other or additional Security as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct or approve of.

V. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Reservation and Payment of the Monies herein-before authorized to be reserved or appropriated and advanced and lent thereout, the said Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof so to be charged on the said Fund by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings as aforesaid, and all Monies to be raised and borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of any such Charge as aforesaid, shall be paid and applied in the first place in and towards the Satisfaction and Discharge of all Principal Monies which the said Commissioners have raised or shall hereafter raise under the Authority of Parliament for Improvements in the Metropolis, by Mortgage of any Portion of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and the Interest thereof, or in satisfaction and discharge of such Part of the said Monies and Interest as the Funds already applicable to the Discharge thereof shall be insufficient to pay; and the Surplus, if any, of the said Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds so to be charged as aforesaid, and of any Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in and towards the Execution of such further Improvements in the Metropolis as shall be sanctioned by any future Act of Parliament.

VI. And be it enacted, That all Mortgages, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments to be given to or executed by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under the Powers or Authorities of this Act, shall have the same Exemption from Stamp Duty, and be subject to the same Regulations as to Inrolment, and otherwise, as if the same had been given or executed under the Powers or Authorities of the recited Acts or any of them.

VII. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of completing the Improvement from Farringdon Street to Coppice Row, Clerkenwell, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Fund created, increased, and continued by the several before-recited Acts and this Act, at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Four Pounds per Cent, and such Monies so to be raised shall be paid into the Chamber of the said City of London by such Instalments, in such Proportions, at such Times, and

3 P 3 in

Application of Monies subject to such Ad« vances.

Exemptions from Stamp Duty under former Acts extended to this Act.

Common Council empowered to raise pn the Credit of the Fund the Sum of 88,000l.

964

Priority of 176, OOOOJL

Corporation to execute Bonds for securing Repayment of Money.

Bonds to be assignable by Indorsement.

Fund charged with the Annuities.

The Fund continued until the Sums charged thereon by this Act are paid.

Cap. 103. London Bridge Approaches Fund. 13 & 14 VICT.

in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled shall direct.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds to be charged by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings on the said Fund as aforesaid, shall have Priority over the said last-mentioned Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, and shall be paid off and discharged before any Part of the said Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Pounds is discharged.

IX. And be it enacted, That for securing the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, which may be borrowed from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Person or Persons, with Interest for the same, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall and they are hereby required to cause One or more Bond or Bonds, Writing or Writings, or Obligations to be executed under the Common Seal of the said City for Payment of an Annuity or Annuities equal to the Amount of such Interest as aforesaid, no such Annuity being less than Four Pounds, to be payable half-yearly, and to continue until Redemption thereof by Payment of the Principal Sum or Sums in respect of which the said Annuities shall respectively have been granted; and the necessary Charges and Expenses of such Bond or Bonds or Securities shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act

X. And be it enacted, That the said Bond or Bonds shall be assignable by Indorsement, and the Annuity or Annuities thereby respectively secured shall be made payable to the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being, and he shall forthwith indorse and deliver the same to the Person or Persons who shall advance or contribute the Sum or Sums of Money in respect of which the same respectively shall be given, and the Receipts of such Persons respectively shall be valid Discharges for the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Fund created, increased, and continued as aforesaid by the said recited Acts and this Act shall be and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be secured by the Bond or Bonds to be executed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That all such several and respective Funds constituting or forming Part of the said Fund created, increased, and continued as aforesaid as are not permanent, after all the Principal Sums and Interest charged or raised and borrowed, and all the Annuities charged upon the said Fund, and now due and owing, have been paid off and discharged, shall be and are hereby continued until the Annuities and Sums charged and to be charged thereon, or raised on the Credit thereof, by virtue of this Act, shall be paid off and discharged.

965

London Bridge Approaches Fund. Cap. 103.

XIII. And be it enacted, That out of the said Fund created, increased, and continued as aforesaid (but subject to the Payment of the several Annuities which are and shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and raised upon the Credit of the said Fund by virtue of any Act or Acts already passed and now in force), the Interest and Annuities payable and to be paid in respect of the said Sums of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds and Eighty-eight thousand Pounds authorized to be charged or raised by virtue of this Act shall be paid from Time to Time as the same shall

Kw due before any Part of the Surpluses shall be applied in Jemption of the Annuities and the Payment of the Principal Monies already charged on the said Fund; and the Residue of such Surpluses, after such Payments as by this Act or any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force are directed to be made out of the same, shall, at the End of every Quarter of a Year or oftener, be applied, by Order of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled (which Orders they are hereby authorized and directed to make), by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, towards the Repayment of the Principal Monies and the Redemption of all and singular the Annuities payable in respect of the Sum or Sums of Money by this Act authorized to be charged on the said Fund, in such Order and Course as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled shall think proper.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as far as regards the Fund created, increased, and continued as aforesaid, nothing in this Act contained shall give Priority of Charge to the Payment of the Principal of the before-mentioned several Sums of One hundred and seventy-six thousand Pounds and Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, herein-before authorized to be raised as aforesaid, or either of them, over any Sum or Sums of Money and Interest already charged or authorized to be charged on the said Fund by any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled shall give or cause to be given Notice in the London Gazette, and also in Two or more daily Papers published in the City of London or Westminster, of their Intention to redeem such Annuities as shall by virtue of this Act be granted in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced by virtue of this Act, and at the End of Six Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums for which such Annuities shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the same Annuities respectively up to the Day of such Payment or Tender, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being in the Guildhall of the same City, the Annuity or Annuities payable to such Person

3 P 4 or

Surpluses of the Fund how to be applied.

The Sums of 176,0001, and 88,0002. not to have Priority over Sums, charged by former Acts.

Upon Notice of Redemption of the Annuities and Tender of the Monies Annuities to cease.

966

Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London.

Securities to be entered in Book.

This Act not to affect any of the City's present Creditors.

Chamberlain to keep Account of Receipts and Disbursements.

Cap. 103. 'London Bridge Approaches Fund. 13 & 14 VICT.

or Persons respectively shall cease and determine: Provided nevertheless, that such Person or Persons, at any Time after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, and before the End of the said Six Calendar Months, shall, at the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after a Declaration in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to receive the same shall have been delivered at the said Office (such Declaration being delivered between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon) be paid at the said Office the Sum or Sums for which such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall have been granted, together with a proportionate Part of the same Annuity or Annuities respectively up to the Day expressed in such Declaration for receiving the same, and such Annuity or Annuities respectively shall on the Day specified in such Declaration for Payment cease and determine.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Fund shall at any Time hereafter prove insufficient to pay the same Annuities which shall be payable by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment of such Annuities shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and supplied out of the future Surpluses of the said Fund.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose the Bond or Bonds and Annuity or Annuities to be granted in pursuance of this Act, and shall keep distinct Account of the Monies raised in respect of the said Sum of Eighty-eight thousand Pounds, and all Assignments and Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Bond or Bonds, to which Book or Books all and every Person and Persons entitled to or interested in such Annuity or Annuities shall at all reasonable Times in the Daytime have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to lessen or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens further or otherwise than is herein expressly directed.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from Time to Time there shall be provided and kept by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being One or more Book or Books, in which all the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down, and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and disbursed out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be raised or received as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be entered and set down; and such Entry shall express

1850. London Bridge Approaches Fund. Cap. 103, 104.

the Time when, the Occasion for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same respectively shall be paid.

XX. And be it enacted, That there shall be yearly laid before each House of Parliament a true Account of the Receipts and Application of the Sums of Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it enacted, That after full Payment and Satisfaction of all and singular the Principal Monies and Interest by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be charged thereon, or raised or borrowed on the Credit thereof, the Residue or Surplus of the said several Duties, annual Sums, Fees, and Revenues constituting the said Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund," shall, during the Continuance thereof, be applied to the opening of an improved Line of Communication between Coventry Street and Covent Garden, according to a Plan to be hereafter approved and sanctioned by Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that nothing contained in this Act, or in the Charges to be made on the said Fund under the Authority of this Act, shall operate or enure to extend or continue the said Duties on Coal and Wines, annual Sums, Fees, and Revenues, or either of them, beyond the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

967

Accounts to be yearly kid before Parlkment.

Application of ultimate Surplus of "The London Bridge Approaches Furfd."

[Public Act.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act to extend and amend the Acts relating to the Copyright of Designs.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend and amend the Acts " relating to the Copyright of Designs:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

I. That the Registrar of Designs, upon Application by or Certain Dc-on behalf of the Proprietor of any Design not previously pub- «gn m«y be lished within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or elsewhere, and which may be registered under the Designs One Year. Act, 1842, or under the Designs Act, 1843, for the provisional Registration of such Design under this Act, and upon being furnished with such Copy, Drawing, Print, or Description in Writing or in Print as in the Judgment of the said Registrar shall be sufficient to identify the particular Design in respect of which such Registration is desired, and the Name of the Person claiming to be Proprietor, together with his Place of Abode or Business, or other Place of Address, or the Style or Title of the Firm under which he may be trading, shall register such Design in such Manner and Form as shall from Time to Time be prescribed or approved by the Board of Trade; and any

Design

968

Benefits conferred by provisional Registration.

The Exhibition of provisionally registered Designs in certain Places not to defeat Copyright, &c.

Sale of Articles to which provisionally registered Designs, Sec. have been applied to defeat

C. 104. Law of Copyright of Design Amendment. 13 & 14 VICT.

Design so registered shall be deemed " provisionally registered," and the Registration thereof shall continue in force for the Term of One Year from the Time of the same being registered as aforesaid; and the said Registrar shall certify, under his Hand and Seal of Office, in such Form as the said Board shall direct or approve, that the Design has been provisionally registered, the Date of such Registration, and the Name of the registered Proprietor, together with his Place of Abode or Business, or other Place of Address.

II. That the Proprietor of any Design which shall have been provisionally registered shall, during the Continuance of such Registration, have the sole Right and Property in such Design; and the Penalties and Provisions of the said Designs Act, 1842, for preventing the Piracy of Designs, shall extend to the Acts, Matters, and Things next herein-after enumerated, as fully as if those Penalties and Provisions had been re-enacted in this Act, and expressly extended to such Acts, Matters, and Things respectively; that is to say,

1. To the Application of any provisionally registered Design,

or any fraudulent Imitation thereof, to any Article of Manufacture or to any Substance.

2. To the Publication, Sale, or Exposure for Sale of any

Article of Manufacture or any Substance to which any provisionally registered Design shall have been applied.

III. That during the Continuance of such provisional Registration neither such Registration nor the Exhibition or Exposure of any Design provisionally registered, or of any Article to which any such Design may have been or be intended to be applied, in any Place, whether public or private, in which Articles are not sold or exposed or exhibited for Sale, and to which the Public are not admitted gratuitously, or in any Place which shall have been previously certified by the Board of Trade to be a Place of public Exhibition within the Meaning of this Act, nor the Publication of any Account or Description of any provisionally registered Design exhibited or exposed or intended to be exhibited or exposed in any such Place of Exhibition or Exposure in any Catalogue, Paper, Newspaper, Periodical, or otherwise, shall prevent the Proprietor thereof from registering any such Design under the said Designs Acts at any Time during the Continuance of the provisional Registration, in the same Manner and as fully and effectually as if no such Registration, Exhibition, Exposure, or Publication had been made; provided that every Article to which any such Design shall be applied, and which shall be exhibited or exposed by or with the Licence or Consent of the Proprietor of such Design, shall have thereon or attached thereto the Words "provisionally registered," with the Date of Registration.

IV. That if during the Continuance of such provisional Registration the Proprietor of any Design provisionally registered shall sell, expose, or offer for Sale any Article, Substance, or Thing to which any such Design has been applied, such provisional

1850. Load of Copyright of Design Amendment Cap. 104. 969

visional Registration shall be deemed to have been null and Copyright, but void immediately before any such Sale, Offer, or Exposure shall have been first made; but nothing herein contained shall be "7 80

construed to hinder or prevent such Proprietor from selling or transferring the Right and Property in any such Design.

V. That the Board of Trade may by Order in Writing with Extension of respect to any particular Class of Designs, or any particular Period of pro-Design, extend the Period for which any Design may be provisionally registered under this Act, for such Term not exceed* of Trade, ing the additional Term of Six Months as to the said Board

may seem fit; and whenever any such Order shall be made, the same shall be registered in the Office for the Registration of Designs, and during the extended Term the Protection and Benefits conferred by this Act in case of provisional Registration shall continue as fully as if the original Term of One Year had not expired.

VI. That the Registrar of Designs, upon Application by Registration or on behalf of the Proprietor of any Sculpture, Model, Copy,

or Cast within the Protection of the Sculpture Copyright Acts, c-

and upon being furnished with such Copy, Drawing, Print, or Description, in Writing or in Print, as in the Judgment of the said Registrar shall be sufficient to identify the particular Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast in respect of which Registration is desired, and the Name of the Person claiming to be Proprietor, together with his Place of Abode or Business or other Place of Address, or the Name, Style, or Title of the Firm under which he may be trading, shall register such Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast in such Manner and Form as shall from Time to Time be prescribed or approved by the Board of Trade for the whole or any Part of the Term during which Copyright in such Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast may or shall exist under the Sculpture Copyright Acts; and whenever any such Registration shall be made, the said Registrar shall certify under his Hand and Seal of Office, in such Form as the said Board shall direct or approve, the Fact of such Registration, and the Date of the same, and the Name of the registered Proprietor, or the Style or Title of the Firm under which such Proprietor may be trading, together with his Place of Abode or Business or other Place of Address.

VII. That if any Person shall, during the Continuance of the Benefits Copyright in any Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast which shall £^f*rred.by have been so registered as aforesaid, make, import, or cause o/iculpture, to be made, imported, exposed for Sale, or otherwise disposed &c.

of, any pirated Copy or pirated Cast of any such Sculpture,

Model, Copy, or Cast, in such Manner and under such Circumstances as would entitle the Proprietor to a special Action on the Case under the Sculpture Copyright Acts, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Thirty Pounds to the Proprietor of the Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast whereof the Copyright shall have been infringed; and for the Recovery of

any

970

Designs for ornamenting Ivory, &c. may be registered under Designs Act, 1842.

Board of Trade may extend Copyright in ornamental Designs.

Regulations for the Registration of Designs may be made by Board of Trade.

Registrar of Designs may dispense with Drawings, &c. in certain Cases.

C. 104. Law of Copyright of Design Amendment 13 & 14 Vict.

any such Penalty the Proprietor of the Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast which shall have been so pirated shall have and be entitled to the same Remedies as are provided for the Recovery of Penalties incurred under the Designs Act, 1842: Provided always, that the Proprietor of any Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast which shall be registered under this Act shall not be entitled to the Benefit of this Act unless every Copy or Cast of such Sculpture, Model, Copy, or Cast which shall be published by him after such Registration shall be marked with the Word " registered," and with the Date of Registration.

VIII. That Designs for the ornamenting of Ivory, Bone, Papier Mache, and other solid Substances not already comprised in the Classes numbered 1, 2, or 3 in the Designs Act, 1842, shall be deemed and taken to be comprised within the Class numbered in that Act, and such Designs shall be so registered accordingly.

IX. That the Board of Trade may from Time to Time order that the Copyright of any Class of Designs or any particular Design registered or which may be registered under the Designs Act, 1842, may be extended for such Term, not exceeding the additional Term of Three Years, as the stud Board may think fit, and the said Board shall have Power to revoke or alter any such Order as may from Time to Time appear necessary; and whenever any Orders shall be made by the said Board under this Provision, the same shall be registered in the Office for the Registration of Designs; and during the extended Term the Protection and Benefits conferred by the said Designs Acts shall continue as fully as if the original Term had not expired.

X. That the Board of Trade may from Time to Time make, alter, and revoke Rules and Regulations with respect to the Mode of Registration, and the Documents and other Matters and Particulars to be furnished by Persons effecting Registration and provisional Registration under the said Acts and this Act: Provided always, that all such Rules and Regulations shall be published in the " London Gazetteand shall forthwith upon the issuing thereof be laid before Parliament, if Parliament be sitting, and if Parliament be not sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session; and such Rules and Regulations, or any of them, shall be published or notified by the Registrar of Designs in such other Manner as the Board of Trade shall think fit to direct.

XI. That if in any Case in which the Registration of a Design is required to be made under either of the said Designs Acts it shall appear to the Registrar that Copies, Drawings, or Prints as required by those Acts cannot be furnished, or that it is unreasonable or unnecessary to require the same, the said Registrar may dispense with such Copies, Drawings, or Prints, and may allow in lieu thereof such Specification or Description in Writing or in Print as may be sufficient to identify and render intelligible the Design in respect of which Registration is desired; and whenever Registration shall be so made in the

Absence

971

1850. Law of Copyright of Design Amendment Cap. 104.

Absence of such Copies, Drawings, or Prints, the Registration shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Copies, Drawings, or Prints had been furnished.

XII. That in order to prevent the frequent and unnecessary Public Book *

Removal of the public Books and Documents in the Office for m *

the Registration of Designs, no Book or Document in the said office not 'to* Office shall be removed for the Purpose of being produced in be removed any Court or before any Justice of the Peace, without a special ^hout Judge's Order of a Jud^e of the Court of Chancery, or of One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law, first had and obtained by the

Party who shall desire the Production of the same.

XIII. That if Application shall be made to a Judge of any Judge* may of Her Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster by any Person desiring to obtain a Copy of any Registration, Entry, Drawing,

Print, or Document, of which such Person is not entitled as to be given in of Right to have a Copy, for the Purpose of being used in Evidence. Evidence in any Cause, or otherwise howsoever, and if such

Judge shall be satisfied that such Copy is bona fide intended for such Purpose as aforesaid, such Judge shall order the Registrar of Designs to deliver such Copy to the Party applying, and the Registrar of Designs shall, upon Payment for the same of such Fee or Fees as may be fixed according to the Provisions of the said Designs Act in this Behalf, deliver such Copy accordingly.

XIV. That every Copy of any Registration, Entry, Draw- Copie*of Docu-ing. Print, or Document delivered by the Registrar of Designs

to any Person requiring the same shall be signed by the said tirtobeswOed, Registrar, and sealed with his Seal of Office; and every Docu- and to be Evi-ment sealed with the said Seal, purporting to be a Copy of any dence-Registration, Entry, Drawing, Print, or Document, shall be deemed to be a true Copy of such Registration, Entry, Drawing, Print, or Document, and shall, without further Proof, be received in Evidence before all Courts in like Manner and to the same Extent and Effect as the original Book, Registration,

Entry, Drawing, Print, or Document would or might be received if tendered in Evidence, as well for the Purpose of proving the Contents, Purport, and Effect of such Book, Registration, Entry,

Drawing, Print, or Document, as also proving the same to be a Book, Registration, Entry, Drawing, Print, or Document of or belonging to the said Office, and in the Custody of the Registrar of Designs.

XV. That the several Provisions contained in the said Certain Pro-Designs Acts (so far as they are not repugnant to the Provisions of this Act) relating to the Transfer of Designs, to andi84Sei-cancelling and amending Registration, to the Refusal of Regis- tended to thi* tration in certain Cases, to the Mode of recovering Penalties, Act* to the awarding and Recovery of Costs, to Actions for Damages, to the Limitation of Actions, to the Certificate of Registration, to Penalties for wrongfully using Marks, to the fixing and Application of Fees for Registration, and to the Penalty for Extortion, shall apply to the Registration, provisional Registration,

Interpretation of Terms.

[Short Title.]

C. 104. Law of Copyright of Design Amendment. 13 & 14 VICT.

tration, and Transfer of Designs, Sculptures, Models, Copies, and Casts, and to the Designs, Sculptures, Models, Copies, and Casts entitled to Protection under this Act, and to Matters under this Act, as fully and effectually as if those Provisions had been re-enacted in this Act with respect to Designs, Sculptures, Models, Copies, and Casts registered and provisionally registered under this Act; and the Forms contained in the Designs Act, 1842, may for the Purposes of this Act be varied so as to meet the Circumstances of the Case.

XVI. That in the Interpretation of this Act the following Terms and Expressions shall have the Meanings herein-after assigned to them, unless such Meanings shall be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter; that is to say,

The Expression ts Designs Act, 1842," shall mean an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Copyright of Designs for ornamenting Articles of Manufacture:

The Expression " Designs Act, 1843," shall mean an Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Copy-right of Designs:

The Expression " Sculpture Copyright Acts" shall mean Two Acts passed respectively in the Thirty-eighth and Fifty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled respectively An Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts and other Thingt herein mentioned, and An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts and other Things therein mentioned:

The Expression " The Board of Trade" shall mean the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for the Consideration of all Matters of Trade and Plantations:

The Expression "Registrar of Designs" shall mean the Registrar or Assistant Registrar of Designs for Articles of Manufacture:

The Expression "Proprietor" shall be construed according to the Interpretation of that Word in the said Designs Act, 1842:

And Words in the Singular Number shall include the Plural, and Words applicable to Males shall include Females.

XVII. That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in any Instrument, Document, or Proceeding, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures following, that is to say," The Designs Act, 1850."

Union of Liberties with Counties. Cap. 105.

873

CAP. CV.

An Act for facilitating the Union of Liberties with the Counties in which they are situate.

[14th August 1850.]

WHEREAS divers Liberties (having separate Commissions

of the Peace, and not being incorporated Boroughs,)

have been constituted in England and Wales, and it is expedient to enable a Union of such Liberties to be made with ' the Counties in which they are situate:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where it shall seem expedient to petition for the Justices of any Liberty, or to the Justices of the County Union of in which any Liberty is situate, that the Union of the Liberty ^*>erty with with the County in which the same is situated should be effected unty* under this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justices, in General

or Quarter Sessions assembled, to resolve that a Petition shall be presented to Her Majesty, praying that such Union take place, and thereupon to adjourn the further Consideration of such Petition until Notice thereof shall be given as herein-after provided.

II. And be it enacted, That previously to the Consideration Preparation of any such Petition Notice of the Resolution of such Justices of Petition, shall be advertised in a London Newspaper, and also in some Newspaper circulating in the County to which the Liberty is proposed to be united, for Three successive Weeks, and shall also (unless the Clerk of the Peace of the County and of the Liberty is the same Person) be given to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, in case the Resolution shall be the Resolution of the Justices of the Liberty, or, in case the Resolution shall be the Resolution of the Justices of the County, to the Clerk of the Peace of the Liberty, and such Notice shall be so advertised and given by the Clerk of the Peace of the County or Liberty the Justices of which shall come to the Resolution, and shall mention the Time and Place when the Petition for Union will be taken into consideration by the Justices of the County or Liberty coining to the Resolution; and the said Justices shall confer with any Person who shall attend the Meeting of the said Justices for that Purpose, and who shall appear to the said Justices to be interested in the Matter of the said Petition, touching the said Petition, and such other Circumstances as shall appear to the said Justices fit to be considered in effecting a Union of the Liberty with the County under the Provisions of this Act; and such Petition (which shall set forth the Reasons upon which the same is founded, and also the Terms and Conditions upon or under which it is desired that the Union shall take place, and particularly the Mode in which the Gaol and other Property of the Liberty, and the Debt, if any,

charged le

Union of Liberty with County.

After Union no separate Commission of the Peace to issue for Liberty.

Samian* far the County to have Jurisdiction in Liberty.

Inhabitants of Liberty to serve on Juries for County.

Cap. 1051 Union of Liberties with bounties. J13 & 14 VICT.

charged On the R&tek of stydh Li&erfy, Jfe with, and the Nature, and Amount of <X

txibe dealt

ii, Jif%ny; tof

be paid to any Qustos Rotulorum, hefeaitar^ ffClprk

of the Peace, Coroner, Treasurer, of other Per^tf 'noKing' or* entitled to any permanent Franchise or Offibp m or to the said Liberty, and in what Manner such Corhpensdl proposed to be raised and paid, and such other "Mattel Things as are proper to be provided for on, the TThidh of Jthe Liberty with the County,) shall be certified to^Hejr Majesty! under the Hand of the Chairman of the Justices when1

such Petition shall be agreed to .: ':? \

III. And be it enacted, That where petitions as aforesnia, a3

well of the Justices of the County as of apy Liberty situate therein, shall be certified as aforesaid to Her Maje^k'it shall be lawful for iter, Majesty, if She shall think fit. w?£h'the Advice of Her Privy Council, after taking intb co^sid^iptjoi^ such Petitions and also any other Petition which may b&Jnrre-sented to Her by any Person concerning afay prdj^edF 'pmoh of the Liberty with the County, to order the 'Cnjon, of Sticb' Liberty with the County, from such Time, upon suphTCribs'and Conditions, and subject to such Restrictions, and generally in' such Manner, as to Her Majesty, witji the A'ctyice afo^said* shall seem expedient; and it shall be lawful fof H^r Majesty, with the Advice aforesaid, to constitute such Liberty ra separate Hundred, or to annex the same to aby existing' Hundred pr in Parts to existing Hundreds of such Cobutjr i and fcVeiy ^uch Order, herein-after referred to astlid " Order phall

be published in the London Gazettl. " J \ t lr "

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the tneil-tioned in any such Ordet of Union for the Utiidn bf'apy Liberty with the County in whibh it is situate, under the Pfimsion^ of this Act, save so for as otherwise directed W subh Order, subject to the Provisions thereof, such'LJbCrt^shafi bb taken to be in all respects Part of the County to Which1 nie| feajtije is united under such Order, and shall be subject tb the Jt^roidtiba of the Justices of such Chunty, and the Jurisdiction and Powers of any Justices udder any separate Commission of 'thb'F theretofore issued for such Liberty shall Cease, abdho '

Commission of the Peafce shall be issued atfd no i

te Sessions

of the Peace shall be holden for any sticli Libbtty, Statute, Letters Patebt, Grant, Or' Chartdf ddxdt^Ver to th^ contrary notwithstanding; and the-Sysshin^b beholden in and for the County shall have full Jurisdiction bver^l Things fcbg-nizable by the Sessions for the Liberty^ and the Capfioh anti Venue in every Indictment or other Proceeding ehiill^d ni^e County, without naming the Liberty i and the ^ph^Htimfo of the Liberty shall, being duly qualified to ^erye li^n Jliriea under the Provisions of an Act passed in the SikthT^em of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Pbbrth; inrifpled An Act for consolidating and amending the La'tfs rild^MlthJnrOi; s and Juries, be returned and be liable to1 feeVve bit juxiea^it the Sessions of the Peace for the County.

Cap. 105.

V. And be it enacted, That, unless otherwise directed by the Order of Union, and subject to the Provisions thereof, the Gaol belonging to the Liberty shall upon the Union of the Liberty with the County be a Common Gaol for the County, and shall be under the Control and Management of the Justices of such County; and all Laws and Enactments in force with respect to a County Gaol, or to Persons imprisoned in a County Gaol, shall be in force with respect to any and every Gaol at the Time of such Union belonging to the Liberty, and to the Persons imprisoned therein.

VI. And be it enacted, That, save where otherwise directed by the Order of Union, and subject to the Provisions and Directions thereof, every Person who shall at the Time of the Union stand committed to take his Trial at any Court of Gaol Delivery, General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the Liberty, charged with any Offence which the Justices of the Liberty would have had Jurisdiction to try, shall take his Trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions for the County to which such Liberty is united, if the Offence is cognizable by a Court of Quarter Sessions, and if not, then before the Judges of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery at their next Circuit; and all Persons bound by Recognizance to prosecute and give Evidence against such Offenders shall be bound to appear to prosecute and give Evidence at the Court at which such Offenders shall be tried as aforesaid; and all such Recognizances, and all Depositions relating to such Charges, shall be transmitted to the proper Officer of the Court where such Offenders shall be tried; and the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Gaolers, and other Officers of the County in which such Offenders shall be so tried are hereby authorized and required in every such Case to receive every Prisoner delivered into the Custody of the Sheriff or removed to the Gaol of the County, and him safely keep until delivered in due Course of Law; and the Judges of Assize and others named in Her Majesty's Commission of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or the Justices of the County, as the Case may be, in which such Offenders shall be tried, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Cases, and to order the Payment of the usual and fit Expenses of the Prosecutors and Witnesses, and all other Costs and Expenses which in like Case may be directed to be paid by Order of Court.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Custos Rotulorum of every County to which any Liberty shall be united under the Provisions of this Act shall, unless otherwise directed by the Order of Union, become the Keeper of Records of the Court of Sessions of the Peace of the said Liberty, and the Records of the said Court shall be delivered to such Custos Rotulorum accordingly.

VIII. And be it enacted, That, save where otherwise directed by the Order of Union, and subject to the Provisions of such Order, the Treasurer for the Liberty shall, upon the Union of the Liberty with the County, pay over to the Treasurer of the County all Monies in his Hands of or belonging to the Liberty; and the Treasurer of the County shall stand possessed of and

m

Gaol of Liberty to become Gaol of County.

Prisoners to be tried at Sessions for united County and Liberty, and, where necessary, at Assizes.

Reeords to be delivered to Custos Botulo-rum of County.

Treasurer of Liberty to pay over Monies to Treasurer of County.

Interpretation f Terms.

Boroughs within Liberties.

Act not to extend to Southwark, Scotland, or Ireland.

Act may be amended, &c

shall apply all such Monies for such Purposes as the Order of Union shall direct, and, in default of such Direction, as Part of the County Stock; and, subject to the Provisions of the Order of Union, all such Sums as may be required to be raised and paid, for Compensation or otherwise, under such Order, and may not he paid out of the said Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Liberty, shall be defrayed out of the Count? Stock, and shall be raised and paid at such Times and in such Manner as the Justices of the County in General or Quarter Sessions assembled shall direct.

IX. And be it enacted, That in this Act the Word " Liberty" shall be taken to mean also Division of a County, Town and County, and Soke; and the Word "Gaol" shall be taken to mean also Prison or House of Correction; and in describing any Person or Thing any Word importing the Singular Number shall be construed to mean also several Persons or Things respectively, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Borough Corporate or other Corporate Place, or any Part thereof, is situate within any Liberty united with any County under this Act, such Borough or Place, or Part thereof, as aforesaid, from the Time of such Union (save as Otherwise directed by the Order of Union) shall be deemed to be within and Part of such County for all Purposes for 'which before such Union it was within and Part of such Liberty; and such Borough or Place, or Part thereof, and such County res^eb-tively, in relation to each other and the Inhabitants and others in respect thereof, shall have and be subject to the like Rights, Privileges, Liabilities, and Jurisdiction which such Borough or Place, or Part thereof, and such Liberty respectively, had and were subject to before such Union, and, save as aforesaid, no Borough or other Corporate Place named in either of the Schedules to the Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth," to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," or to which the Provisions of that Act have been extended by Charter or Act of Parliament, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act.

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to the Borough of Southwark, to Scotland, or Ireland.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

II & J2 Vict. C. 2.

CAP. CYI.

An Act to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage m certain Parts of Ireland.

[14th August J 850.1

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year ot c the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for ' the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parti

977

MfiQ. Gr&ne and Outrage Act (Ireland) Continuance. C. 106, 107.

of Ireland until the First Day of December One thousand % eight hundred and forty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act Should be continued for a limited Period f Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by tod with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and continue in full Force tod Effect until the Thirty-first Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. CVII.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and to ap-

Sropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[15th August 1850.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Sum of Twelve millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven-pence, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High'Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IMand for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by'Wtofcnt under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her ' ' ' 3 Q Majesty's

Recited Act continued to Slst Dec. 1851, and to the End of the then next Session.

Act may be amended, &c. this Session.

There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1850, a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner pre-

978

scribed by

48 0. 3. a 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5ScS\icU 0.G6.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 12, 341, 7267.

1 la. 7d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Cap. 107. Consolidation Fund (Appropriation)* 18 & 14 VlOR

Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or /Suftf* of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sunk of TwelvkmUUona three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six Pounds Eleven Shilling* and Seven-pence; and such Eir chequer Brils shall be made out in the same or like Maimer* Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rutas and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in ari Act passed in the Forty->eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the timing <mdpaging off of Exchequer Bilk, and in another? Act passed in the Station of Parliament hoUen in the Fourth and ?, Fifth Years Of; lbs Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth* intituled An Act to regulate, the Office of the Receipt offfit Mdpcslg* Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act' pdssedinthe Session of Parliament holden in the! Fifth and SixthYiears of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Iisue of Exchequer Bills. 1 i i 7

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the ClaWs&s,

Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acta shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to aU Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Pftrtds(oe% Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-eriaoted fin the Body of this Act. i* t

IV. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to, be made

out in pursuance of this Act shall and: miy bearaa* Int Street not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny fifr Gent*# per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Mtoiefe ntspee-tivdly contained therein. i, , , L

V. And be it declared and enacted, That it ahaliandmay

be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are herebyempowered, to take, accept,] apd receive the Exchequer Bilk authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of; the Exchequer at Westiwih&ter, 'upon 'the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act orit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum-cr Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twelve millions three hundred forty *one thousand seven hundred land twenty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven-pence , : anything in an Act passed in: the Fifth and Sixth Years of the R^ignlrf Kiim Wilham. and 'Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties severed Rates and DutieU Mpon tkeToiUmge of Ships and Vessels, and Upon Beer* Ale, and other\UqUors^ and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages fnnthcsbid Act mentioned to such Persons as shall vduntartli/ advance the Sum of One inUUoji JbDc hundred thousand Pounds towards, carryingon the War against France, or in any dther Actl.-or Ada ,; tOihe contrary notwithstanding.

1850.- (hrisolidatio^ Fmd (Appropriation). Cap. 107.

VI. Aiid beiteaacted, That it shall be > lowftil Ibr the said Commissioner^ of Her Majestyfc Treasury, and they are hereby aftthorifcfed^&fed empowered, to erase such Bills as shall bepre-pa^ed bjr virtue of this'Actrtobe delivered from Time to Time to the ' Governor and Company of the Batik of England, in feuefo Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for* any Advance or< Advances which»may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor Hind Company of the Bank of the Authority of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted* That it shall be kwftil for the saki Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply frothTime to Time all audit Sums Of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be mads out in pursuance of this Act to such i Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in thin present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums Of Monhy to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to< be made forth by virtue of1 this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable fend charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain And Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said'Exchequer Bills' have been issued; and it shall be lawfubfor the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, byt Warrant under their Hands* to direct the Comp-trcdler ^General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, hi such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on {Bm Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produde Of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to thfetin which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued* for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Strm^or Sums of Money Contained in such Exchequer Bilk them dufesCandisg, fend which may have been made out and issued" by virtue of this Act, together with fell such Interest as may be due thereupon *

IK. And be it enacted* That there shall and may be issued and ? applied; , for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Sum of Seventy-^* thousand and eight Poftwds Twelve Shillings, being the Surpluaof Wgysand Means muted fori the Service.of preceding Tears* and <Us6 the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, a Part of the Sum in the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland orvreipaimiigto be raised on the Fifth Bay of Ju/y One thou-shod height/hundred and fifty* to compete the Aids granted by Parliament for the Service of the Tears One thousand eight .1 / 3 Q 3 hundred

97»

Bills peepWed by virtue oftbk Act to be delivered to tbo Bank as Security for suck Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may issue Surplus of Ways and Means, and Monies in the Exchequer, for Service of 1850.

980

Appropriation of Way* and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

IS & 14 Vict. c. S.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 10.

IS k 14 Vict. c. 22.

There shall be issued 211, 159/. 3*. 7rf. for Naval Excess.

There shall be issued 6, 672, 588/. for Naval Services; viz.

1, 322, 939/. for Wages to39,000 Seamen and Marines;

521, 179/. for Victuals, &c. in the Navy;

Cap. 107. Consolidation Fund (Appropriation)* IS & 14 YlttC

hundred and forty-eight and One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and tiW Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury' of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or tb» Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom tune* or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply tho same accordingly.

X. And be it enacted, That all the Momes* coming into tht Exchequer of Great Britain by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Sendee if the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and also the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and also the Sum of Bight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Eight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and also the respective Sums of Twelve millions three hundred and forty-one thousand seven hundred and twentyix Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven-pence, of Seventy-six thousand and eight Pounds Twelve Shillings, attd of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred eleven thousand one hundred and fifty-nine Pounds Three Shillings and Seven-pence, to defray the Excess of the Naval Expenditure beyond the Grants for the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six millions six hundred Seventy-two thousand five hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, for and towards the Naval Services hereinafter more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred twenty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Thirty-nine thousand Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sinn or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred twenty-one thousand one hun&ed and seventy*nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals to

Seamen

981

Jt86QC */ Consolidation Fund (Appropriation)* Cap. 107;

Seaman and Marines in Her Majesty's Fleet, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred 137, 1002: for thirty-seven thousand and one hundred Pounds, to defray the planes, o{ Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the office; Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of 9, 7722. for Money not exceeding Nine thousand seven hundred and seventy- Offiot

two Pounds, to demy the Salaries of the Officers and the con- 0 meD* 5 tingent Expenses of the General Register and Record Office of Seamen, which wiU come in course of Payment during the Year endings on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 49, 70s/. for the exceeding Forty-nine thousand seven hundred and three Pounds, Navy Scientific to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses Departments 5 Of the several Scientific Departments of the Navy, which will eome in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One 135, 8262. for hundred thirty-five thousand eight hundred and twenty-six N*vai Esta' Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent ^l^ent# at Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 23, 7132. for Twenty-three thousand seven hundred and thirteen Pounds, to Naval Esta-defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses abroad?118 of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day" of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; aqd any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred ^9, 9712. for eighty-nine thousand nine hundred and seventy-one Pounds, to &c

defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others at home; employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 36, 9852. for Thirty-six thousand nine hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to of . defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others abrr^a^6.r8' employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which wiU: come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 888, 9992. for Eight hundred eighty-three thousand nine hundred and ninety- Naval Stores, nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of Naval Stores for the &Ca* Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, and for the Purchase of Fittings and Stores required for the Ships of the Expedition under the Command of Captain Austin, which } ' 3 Q 4 will

982

Cap. 107. Consolidation Fund. (Appropriation'll3 & 14 VICT.

will come in course of Payment during the Y«laJ*, epding on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight, hundred and 339, 839/. for, fifty-one; and any Sam or Sumsof Money netoxteadipglThree NaT-s^EmL- 1 hundred thirty-nine > thousand eight hundred and thirty-nin© biuhrocnu; , ') Pounds, to defray., the Charge: of . Works* improvements,

and Repairs. in the Naval Dstablfehmonts, and, for, anew Doric i and JEngme hfouse at Devonport Dockyard, iwWeh wiU; *o*ie in ' cqunse-of PayWerit during the Year oudingoA Abe Thfotyrfipjt T7fi*ol Cor i Day of March, One, .thousand! eight hundred apdfifty+ones land

MedieiBo, &&; Sums of , Mpney not exceeding T wellty-eevep thousand sex hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray, the Charge of Medicines and Medicial: St0i<e8b whi(h wifi.i(M»e<inoeoaree of; Payment, during the Year, ending: up the ThSrt/-fiHati Day i (d . March One thousand eight hundred: and fifty-one^ al#o for .< - Medicines. Meffioal Stores, «mdSurgioalIn«tm»entefor Jthe

J, hlrfftw.Searehipg:Expedition; under *the.iCtwamaod of Captain 175, 698/. for Austin-; and any Sum oir Sums of Memey not egceeding .Gne hundred- 9eventyr&<e thousand six hundred i and<(ninety-eight Pounds, to defray: the Change of divere MiscellaneoupServicea,

*whfchi wiU eome in cotese of Fayfcnent duriflgtho Year, ending . on the Thirtjt-fiiUt.Day ef MBrc/il One thousand eight hundred i. and fiffcy-rcfae, also for iditens Miscellaneous Services connected with the SfeCrtbing Expedition under, the Command oC Captain 731, 206/. for F&tityiand Captain, xtest/a; , and.nny Sum, ftf Smpsuf vMptney Na»i Half pot .exceeding Swcnhundred. thirty Tone thousandt WO hundred

* y' add six FouUds.to defray, the Charge tof Half Pay to.Officer#

. of tha &avy ap&of thehteytlMarine#, whwh wiU comeipoOurse of Payment during the Year .-ending-on- the Thirtyrfitst .Day of 490, 345t for )March One thousand eight hundred andjfiftyronei and any ' Military Pen- $utt or flams off Money, not exceeding Fotir hundred ninety non*; thousand ibrfee hundred and forty-five Pounds, to deftly tte

Charge of Military Pensions and Ahowimceejwhich wiU come in Course of Payment during the Year ending, pa the Thifty-firet, Day of March Ope thousand eight hundred and fiftyrope; 167, 086/. for and:any Sum or Sums- of :Mooey net , exceeding One hundred Cinl Pensions; ju^yvaeven thousand ted eighty refc-Founds, to defray the Charge r . - of Civil Eeorions and Allowances, -which >viUoomeineaurae«f

0 Payment'during /the:Year ending on, the Thirty-firefe Dtaytf

135, 700/. for .* March 'One thousand eight hundred and fifty-enei; end any freight of /{gum 0), g^rns, of Money not eioeeding One hundred thirty-five Army and Ord- thousand-and serest/ hundred: Pounds *, to . defiray the Charge for nance Services; the Freight of/Ships, -iapd for. the Yiotualhpg, and Conveyanoo of TroOps and Stores , on .account iof the Arotyand Ordnance Departments*^which twill uotiia.iin course of Payment) during . > - r r the Year ending on the; TKrty-4urstP>ay:of March -One thousand tff.islh for' right, hundred, and fiftyrone; ted any Sum-orfStem ofu Money

extra Pay, #t<C apt exceeding: Tutenty-one thousand hue hufidred andithirfyHwae i^AroUc^ &C 'defray, the Charge of! extraiPay andiiwMn Clothing

Searching Ex. for the Seteaoivsnd Marines employed ip ithe- Arafat Setfrchipg pedition, 4a. i j Expedition; under CaptaiU ^sltwrin, apd for, Compensation m lieu ' of Spirits to Warraat and Petty -Officers, Seamen, and Marines, ' in

988

1866. 2 4 ContoUdatim'FHtid (Appropriation)* Crip. 107 *

in the? Flos* jwhieh wfli comeiri oourseof Payment during the Year1 endtog* dm the Thirty-first DayofAfarcA One thousand eight lftmdredand fifty Hme; and any Sam or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds, to deftly the Charge bf extra Provisions for foe Crews of foe Ships employed in foe Searching Expeditions under foe Commands of Oaptouri Austin and Captain Ptnny; and any Sum or SurnsrufMonty wet exceeding Seven, hundred sixty-four thousand tWO'btmdned and thirty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of lie^PtM'OSerPanket S«rtiee, 'whidi wiH come in course of Pnymsnt^ dating the Year ending on foe Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one *

. ' 5tIIL Attd it is hereby alsa enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or 'Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sihn or- Stuns of Money not exceeding Six millions six hundred twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, for and towards the Army Services hereinafter more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three millions five hundred sixty-two thousand four hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Her Majesty V Land Forces in foe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and On Stations abroad (ea> copfosg^ foe Regiments employed in foe Territorial Possessions Of foe East India Company), which will come in course of Payment Atom the First Day-of April One foonsand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-ohe, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Suitftfiof Mootty not exceeding One hundred sixty-four thousand nine hundred and sixteen Pounds, to defray foe Charge of Goneml Steff Officers and Othcers cU' foe Hospitals serving with Her Majesty's Forces- in foe United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations (excepting India), and > of Her Majesty's Garrison of the Tower of Londonf which will ootnb course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to foe Thirty-first Day of MaTdk One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days mdfifore; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Vis[ety-tWothousand six hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to defray foe Charge Of; the Allowances of the principal Officers of the several public Military Departments m Great Britain, their Deputies, Clerks; and contingent Expenses, which will come, in oourseof Payment from foe First Day of April One tbottsandJ eight hundred and fifty to foe Thirty-first Day of March One*'thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days incltsrive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not :exceeding Sixn foen thousand eight hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray fow-Ghoi^d of the Royal Military College, which will come in Ooufoe df Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight buddirid and fifty to thpdfhirty-fitet Dny oi Afarch One thousand eight bundled and fifty-orie, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand six

8, 480/. for extra Provisions for Crews in the Arctic Searching Expeditions; 764, 236/. for Packet Service.

There shall be issued 6, 628, 929*. for Array Services, via.

3, 562, 430/. for Vorces in U. K. and Stations abroad (except the East Indies);

164, 916/. for General Staff Officers, Ac .;

92, 684/. for Allowances to Officers, &c. of public Military Departments;

16, 895/. for Royal Military College; >

18, 6571'"for Royal Military Asylum, Ac*;

81,0002. for

Volunteer

Corps;

15, 1122. for Rewards for distinguished Military Services;

58,0002. for Pay of General Officers;

54, 5002. for Pull Pay for Retired O&cers;

386,0002. for Half Pay for Retired Officers;

42, 20021 for Half Pay for Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, &c .;

126, 5362. for Pensions to Widows;

Ceji 10ft ConsotiAUum Fund (Appropriatimi), IS & 14 VX0&

six hundred and fifty-seven Founds, to defray the Charge of the Royal Military Asylum and of the Hibernian Military School, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty te the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-one thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Volunteer Corps, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of Mardh One thour sand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand one hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Charge of Allowances as Rewards for distinguished Services, and of Allowances to Officers of Her Majesty's Garrisons, at home and abroad; holding their Appointments as Rewards for Military Service is the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations, 'which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of General Officers in Her Majesty's Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one* both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-four thousand and five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of FuH Pay for Reduced and Retired Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, which will come' in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thrse hundred and eighty-six thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge for Half Pay and military Allowances to Reduced and Retired Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-two thousand and two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge, of Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, of Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and of Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers* which will come in course of Payment from 'the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty*<one* both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-six thousand five hundred and thirty-six Pounds/ to defray the Charge of Pendens to Re paid to Widows

* 88

tMGf ± i CsnwUdathm Fund (Appropriation). Gup. 107k

Wi<fows of Officers of the Land Forces, which will oome in course of Payment from the First Day *of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of Mar6h One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and hoy Sum or Sunks of Money not exceeding Ninety-one thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Allowances on the Compass donate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in coarse of Payment from 'the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one* both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Stuns of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand seven hundred and fifty-six Pounds* to defray the Charge of Chelsea and Kibnainham Hospitals, and of the In-Pensioners of those Establishments, which will come in comae of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any'Bum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred thirty-three thousand seven hundred and eleven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, of Pensioners from Hanoverian Corps which served with the British Army in One thousand seven hundred and ninety*ihree^ One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and One thousand sevdn hundred and ninety-five, and of the Military Organization of Out-Pensioners in the United Kingdom, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inchisite; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Allowances* Compensations, and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons formerly belonging for the several Military public Departments in the United King*-dom of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred nine thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred fifty-three thousand eight hundred and ninety-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand seven hundred and ninety-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Pensions, and Allowances in the 170 Commissariat

91,0001 for Compassionate List, &c*;

35, 7561 for In-Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainhatn Hospitals;

1, 233, 711/. for Out- Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c. j

40,000*. for Superannuations in Military Public Departments;

109, 8501 for Disembodied Militia;

453, 891*. for Commissariat Department;

45, 791*. for Half Pay of Commissariat Department.

There ifcali be Issued 5, 434, 4111 for Ordnance Ser-

Pay of Ordnance Military Corps;

n i. J i

27 & 83tkfor -Commissariat / and Barrack Supjiheii fink 1 \

80, 96; /. for Expense of Ordnance Office; .....

303, 826/. for E^taMuhffienU4 in United Kingdom and Colonies;

129, 003/. for Wages of Artificers, Ac .;

511, e»U for ' OrdiiaaeeSta* for Landilrf 1 ' Sea Serrice;

-, , , f:

44Oi064/. for Works' And ' Repairi;

98)8041.- for Scientific Branch;

Cap. 107. Consolidation Fund (A<13 & 14 VICT.

Commissariat Department, which will, come 1 in course of Payment during the Yearendingonthelfawtyi-faxtTlay of Oae thousiuideighthundredand/fiftj*dna i

XIVl And kis.hereby.aho enacted, That out bhalloPany the Aids or Su^diea . aforesaid there shall i and-«nsy be issued and applied any Sum or Snma of: Menay not ex&eedibg' Two millions four hundred, thirty.four thousand four1 hundred and seventeen Pounds, for: and towards thoQrdnAnae Services benein-oaftet more particulaHy tmentaoned; . (jthatistaaay, } any Sum or Smta of Money not exceeding Seven hundred "twelve (housand sefenhundred and/ififty-firv* Pounds, to idefnay the Expense of the iPajf, Allowances* iand; Contingencies b£ Ord-nancfe Military Corps, jwfcieh: <Willi eamn dm cooimfe of"P*yraent dutfipg ttiU Vear eAdii^ on the Thirty-di^ DayUtf March One tboriumnd i eight hundred wad Afty-one, and aHy Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred - seven ty*three -thousand eight hundred and thirty-Beven Pounds^ tn defray the Expense oi i the Commissariat and Barrack. Sapplles for Her Majesty's Forties* Great Cdote for the Arity, and Clothing' for Colonial Cntps, which wiHioome in ootulee of Payment during' the Year Ending on the Thirty, first Day of March <One thousand eight hundred and fifty-dne $* and any Sunr or Sums of Money not ^sieeediigr EightyfeiX thousand" nine hundred and sixty-ene Pounds, ! to; defray tkeEXpensebf the-Ordnance Offiop, which will came in eotnrto of: Payment idiiring the YeaT endingon the Thirty-fidst Dayiof .MenrA-One thousand" eight hundred and fiftyroiit v and 'any Snm or Siuna ef 'Mwkey not exc^eding Three [hundred threo' thdaeand eight; hundred and twenty-six Pounds, ! to defirajr the Expense"of Establishment* at hdme and abroad, Which1 will come h mOOraei of [Payment daring- the Year ending I on the Phirty-fimt Day otiMunfvQnd1 thousand 'eight hundred mid fifty-one?' ami any Snm or Samn-ef< Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-Aine' thousand and three Pounds, to-de&ay the Expense of the Wagto of AvtificerahadLaboarers at home and abroad, which will conie .iu> cottraO of Payment ducing fcheY'ear-ending onnthe Thirty-first Day* of March One thousand eight/hafadred and 'fifty-one5; and any&om or Snms of Money; not .exceeding Two hundred.eleven thousand six hundred alid sUrtyHanc^Pohmls, to defraytsbei Expense of Ordnance Stories for jLstnd and SeauSrirvice^urUch wiil'opaa&iUr coarse of Payment; daring the Year coding da the Thirty *'first Day of Mtmeh\Qhe; thousand..eight hundred and fifby*oaf $ and any Suntior Sums of Moncynot exceeding Four hun<h, ed> feuty thousand nbdisiactytfeur iPoimds, l to defray the . Expense oftWorks, Buildings, ' And. Bepiirs, which will come in coarse of "Payment during the Ytarending on the Thirty.first Day oflAfoksk One thousand [eight- handled and fifty-one} and aar Sumvoc(Sums-of- Money not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand eight bandied And fburi Podads ,; id defray Ithe Expensh of the Sctennftp Branch, which will tome in oourse of Payment-daringihe Year. ending on the Thirty*tffiret/Day . cd' March One thdosand eight handled 11.. and

1860, i 7 Cotuotidatien Jhead (Appropriation). Cap. 107.

and^flfly^one; and *ny Stan or Sams- of Moneyi not exceeding One hundred jsendityvaeifen' thousand five- hundred and thirty-six Pounds, to defiray-the Expense dfNbn-efftctive Services, Military add Civil, which Trail come in course of Payment during the Year1 ending-on> the Thhty-firSt Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-oner c m.

XV. iAad itia- hereby alficr enacted, That out ot' aii or any the Aid* or('Supplies. Aforesaid' there; shall andmaiy be issued and applied any: Sum hr i&ams of Mohey mot exceeding Sevon-teeta milHoda .seven hirodred fifty-eight thousand and> seven hundred Pounds, to pay Off and discharge Exchequer >Billgi charged on the iAids of One thctaSamd eight hundred and fifty unprovided for )(Mt$any Sum or Suws.of Money not i joceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, to discharge the Idee An<nnv of Supplied granted, for. the Service of the Year One thduBabd tight hundred aml foriy-iniw^ or for any preceding Year.; V

XVlJ And at is hereby also enacted, 1 Thdt out-of mil br day the; Afdfc'or: Sdppliesaforesaid there shall and may he'issued1 and 4ppUed any Sum or Suinglof-Moriey hot -ekoasdtrig One hundred thoueat l Pounds, to-defray :the Charge for Ciril'Obntingenoiea to the Thirty-first Day of \AfdrcA Ohe thousand eight: hundred and fiftyrUne ) and ony .Surmor Sutaa of Moneyiifot exceeding One hundred fifty^three theosandisix himdred and ten Pounds; to defray to the Thirty-firist Bay of JVforch One thousand eight hundred abd fiftyfonS: the -dharge of the Works at the New Jlousea bf: Parliament {j and any1 Sum or Sumo of Money not exceeding. Eighty-tiwrto thousand-one hundred and sixty Pounds; to defray -to .'the Thirty-first Day -of March One thohsand eight hundred .rind fifty-orie the Expense'of MashteBameand Be pair ef RbyaL Palaods and PnhlicBtriidmgs, forpnJviding the.nectd-t»ry Shpply of Water for. 'the same, ' for the Renta of Bootee taken for occasional and temporary; Aawnnnbdation of the* Public iSenfcty folr ike Purchase and RCniil of FurnatufO required, it! the various Public Departments, and for Services connected with the lighting, watching, and gerienil Protection of the Public Offites; nndiany -sum >or sums of/Money'not exceeding Twenty-two thousand' PdmkU, to defray the Expense of Additi(ina, iAltenitk>iis, and Fittmgs at the Ordnance Office, Pall Mail, in the Year One .thousand eight hundred and fifty — fifty-one) aridauy Shmot Sums of Money dot'efcocuding Three thousand otte hundred1 and twenty-nine PoUnds; tri defray the Expense of providing temporntyi Actonrinodattott-for iibe Homes of Phrliamedt, Comtnittee Rooms, - Offices, and temporary official Residences for the Speaiker af the Hoftaeof'GomtnotiBand other Officers bfi the House, t» thli Thii-ty-firat Dpy'of 'March - One thousandhight huftdredand fifty-one; and any Sirin-or Sums of Monsy not exceeding Three'hundred -Pounds; todefray the Expensd of WoHos at certain BuildingBto theirh-w/J/on, to-die Thirty-first Day) of Afarrri/One1 thousand eight' hundred and fifty-one; ind any Sumer Stride of Money not exceeding Hinety-two thousand eight hundred and, seventy-fonr Pounds

987

177, 5361 for Non-effective Services.

There shall be issued 17, 758, 7001. to paypiTEi: chequer Kills or 184 9; }

and 500,0002. to discharge Supplies for 1849 or for any preceding:

Y«t.n -Hi , -.M

There shall,

be issued 100,0002. for Civil Contingencies;

153, 6lb2. for, New Houses of Parliament; . [

83, 1602. for Repair of RpyalPeiatM

V| r-i

on

82,0002. for Altfrttfcn>s, &ft at tbrOrdoaftc *

Office;

3, 1292. for temporary Accom-modaMOiji for Houses of Parliament, &c .; -

3002. for Buildings atlsleof Man;

92, 8742. for Holyhead Harbour;

18, 093/. for Pubtie Build* ings in Departments of Public Work* in Ireland;

10, 7882. for Kingstown Harbour;

30,0002. for General Repository for Records;

ltlOOOOl for Enclosure at Buckingham Palace, &c .;

151, 5002. for Harbours of Refuge;

1, 6502. for fitting up Holy-rood Palace;

9, 4002. for Alterations in New House of Commons.

Civil Services, Class 2.

There shall be issued 260, 8772. for Stationery, &c. for Public Departments; 92, 3002. for Salaries, &c. of Houses of Parliament;

56, 1002. for the Treasury;

Cap. 107J Consolidation Fund (Appropriation). 13 & 14 VICii

onacoount of the Works at the New Packet Harlxmrafid^Hk^ hour of Refuge at Holyhead, and to defray the Expense of the present Harbour Establishment at Holyhead, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand and ninety-three Pounds, to defray the Expense of maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, also the Expense of Inland Navigation and other Services under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of Works and Repairs ntKings^ town Harbour, and to provide for the Harbour Establishment, for the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of the Erection of a General Repository for Public Records; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of making an Enclosure in front of Buckingham Palace, and for removing the Marble Arch; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty-one thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of constructing Harbours of Refuge; and any Stun or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Expense of repairing and fitting up Apartments in Holyrood Palace for the Reception of 6er Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Expense of making Alterations ih thte New* House of Commons. 1 r

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of aH or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred sixty thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven Pounds^ to defray the Expense of Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, including the Expense of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-two thousand and three hundred Pounds* to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Two Houses of Parliament, and Allowances to retired Officers of the Two Houses, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-six thousand and one hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred

26401 Consolidation Fond (Appropriation). CajL 1(072 086

hundred and ffifty-one; and any Sum or Stuns of Money not 26,000l for exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of' State for DeP*rtmeil4} the Home Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of 7i, oooot for Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand Pounds, to pay the;

Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Afiairs, and also of the Queen's Messengers and Extra Couriers attached to that Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty- 37, 4001 for the seven thousand four hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Colonial Do. Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State p#rtmw>t for the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money s, ooool for Lord not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to pay the Salary of the *

Lord Privy Seal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money 34, 1001. for not exceeding Twenty-four thousand one hundred Pounds, to officC of Par-pay the Salaries, contingent and other Expenses, of the Office master General; of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum W76* for or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand five hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in Genendof* the Department of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, Exchequer; to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 2, 7001.for Stsu Two thousand and seven hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries P«pw Office; and Expenses of the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any 227, 5001 for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty- Admiimitation seven thousand and five hundred Pounds, to defray Expenses 0 °°r ws '

connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not S5, oooo* for exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Expen- the Mint; diture of the Mint, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums 13, 678/.for of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand six hundred and P^lfc Records, seventy-eight Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses connected with the Public Records, and Compensations to Keepers of Records and others whose Offices have been abolished, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten 10, 994* for thousand nine hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to pay the &c *

Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, &c., pfFaSriSle 1 to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 1, 610* cml One thousand six hundred and ten Pounds, to pay the Salaries Chirges, of certain Officers in Scotland and other Charges formerly paid &c-

from the Hereditary Revenue, to the Thirty-first Day of March

6, 4641 for Officers,

Ac. of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;

24, 2501 for Salaries of Chief Secretary, Ac., Ireland;

5, 646/. for Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland;

43,000l. for the Privy Council and Privy Council for Trade;

3, 640l. Part Expenses of Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England;

7, 946/. for Commissioners of Railways;

37, 606l. for Board of Public Works, Ireland;

35,000l. for Foreign and Secret Services.

Civil Snvicxs,

Clan 3.

There shall be

issued 17,0001 for Office of Solicitor to the Treasury;

8, 5551 for Prosecutions under Laws relating to Coin;

17, 700*. for Expenses of Sheriffs, Officers of Exchequer, &c.

Cap. 107; Consolidation Fund (Appropriation). 18 & 14 VICT.

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and sixty-four Pounds, to pay the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and the Privy Council Office in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand six hundred and forty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-three thousand Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council and Committee of Privy Council for Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand six hundred and forty Pounds, to defray a Portion of the Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand nine hundred and forty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Commissioners of Railways, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand six hundred and six Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds, to defray Law Charges, and the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Offices of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses connected with the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of

991

1850. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation) .; Cap. 107.

March One t&ouscnd eight htindr&l and fifty-dne, the Expenses *.

incurred by' Sheriff&, the Deficiency in the , Fees in the Office '

of the QueOn's.(Remembmncer iii the Exchequer, the Salaries . i t and anntal AllOwancea to eOrfftin Ofecers of the QoutA Of Ex-.

ctequ cry und Certain Expenses of 'the Queen*aPrisoefj and toy 10, 330/. for Sum or Suins'of Money hbt'fexdeeding Ten.thousand three! .

hundred and) thirty Pounds; to) defray the Safeaesand Expenses of the C^i^imoners^ eft thelmpl vent DebtoriCoudj, io-the , x\ Thirty-fimt Day of Mairch )Gnethousand eight hundred tod fifty-one; and any Sum or Slims of Money not exceeding 84, 3241. for Eighty-fbur thousand three hundred and twenty-four Pounds, Scoti^d^611^ to defray LawExpenses imSkatiand^ to the Thirty-fiiet-Day " ' .

of March' Onethbusotid*eight hundred and fifty-one; andiany 63, 7SU for Srtm>brSums* of; Money diob ejfcdeding'Sixty-three thousand >

8eyeri hundrbd <aod bixtyKme Pounds, to defray, the<Chargei.Hf irebmd; ^ll Crhtniwl Ph>sectrtiona and ether'Law Changes inUrdauduto/tibb w>, -

JTfent)^firdt Day of March Qn^.thousand eight!Jurndfoed and fifty-bne; > and toy Sum* or Sums of Money not ^e&ceeding s5, 59^'for V, Thirty-five thousand five hundred Pounds^3 toward» /drfwying Metrop^un' . the Expense of the Metropolitan Police of- Dublin; to the 0 u Ttirty^rst' Day odMdrch Qnk thousand eight hundred and

fifty-tone; todanySuip/ ort Sums bf Money* no tf exceeding Two 240,0007. for (hundred' and forty thousand Fouhds, todefray, to the Thirty- Charges former-first* Day of Martifo One^thdusandl eight /hundred and fittyrojoe, 'county iute*; 1 certain Chiirges fomt»ly ipdd out of County Rates* fe; nod i4, 55ot for \'v any Sum or Sums of Money not; exceeding Fcmrtea^thousand towU«up^ five hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Inspeer

tion' atii I general Superintendence over aU thdtPeiBtos.iiniijIhb

United! Kingdom, to the Thirty-first Dayt cS March Qnd thou* v l send di£ht hundred and fifty-one; uaA any Sujn hr >Snms! of Moneymot exceeding Two hundred thirty«tevea thouatoditvtf) hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defifav'thh Charge of thfe convict E»u- Government. Prisons and Convict Estabhsninehts at home, te biUhiAeto*-r

the Thwty^rst Day ml Mutch* u>ne thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Shm or Sums of Monby ndfc Exceeding, 'Ode hundred ' thirty-five thousand eight hupdned ttad forty-bight Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thour sand eight hundred amd fifty-dney the Expense of the' Maihte-nanceef fPiishaens m Chuhty Gaols and Lunatic Asylums, and the Expenses of the Removal ^of . Cotivicts; and, any Stumor Sums of Money not exceeding«One) hundred nineteen thousand; two huddred and thirty Pounds, to dfefoay- Exjtenses anected

with* the Transportation of Convicts, to the Thirty-first Day Of March kjXud thousand eight htfxldi'ed afld fifty-one; aqd any Sum or Sums of Motley noioexceedingt Two hundred thousand one hundred and forty-eevferi Foiindiy to , defray the Expense of the ConVidfc EstablisbmOhts in the Chlorates, t* the Thirty-first "©ay of Mftrak Onti thousand eight hundred and/fifty-one.

XIX. And it 1 is hereby also: buabhod; That oat of all or any 'the3 Aids Or Supplies aforesaid there (shall and tmay be issued nund applied toy Sum onSorms 6f Money not exceeding One Awf 63. Price 2d.] 3 R hundred

bortaf hi .....

135^848/. Tar Maintenance of Prisoners and Remoral of CoUTiets; ,

of Convicts;

I

200, 1477. for Convi^f blishments in { the Colonies,

CmtSiancvSr

CZom4« .11

V V- »* — ,

be issued

m

125,0001 for public Education in Great Britain;

125,0002. for Education, Ireland;

14, 7557. for School of Design, &c*;

2, 0067. for certain Professors at Oxford and Cambridge;

3, 9677. for London University;

7, 4807. for Grants to Scot* tish Universities;

3007. for Royal Irish Academy;

3007. for Royal Hibernian Academy;

6, 5007. for Royal Dublin Society;

4, 1007. for *Royal Belfast Academical Institution;

38, 5697. for new Buildings, &c. at British Museum;

3, 0507. for. Antiquities and Coins for ditto;

1, 5007. for National Gallery;

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation.) 13 & 14 VICT.

hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, for public Education in Great Britain, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand seven hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the School of Design and for Aid to Provincial Schools, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Salaries and Allowances to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred and sixty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the University of London, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, Grants to Scottish Universities formerly defrayed from the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Irish Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand and five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Royal Dublin Society, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and one hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries of Theological Professors at Belfast and Compensations to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expense of new Buildings and Fittings at the British Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand and fifty Pounds, to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expenses incurred in procuring Antiquities and purchasing Coins for the Museum; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and five hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expenses of the National Gallery; and

any

1850. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 107.

* my Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand Founds, to defray the Expenses of the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, the Museum of Practical Geology in London, and the Museum of Irish Industry in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to defray the Expense of Magnetic Observatories at Toronto, the Cape of Good Hope, and Van Diemen's Land, also for Observations and Services carrying on under the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, and other scientific Works and Publications, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-five thousand three hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of the British Museum for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fiye thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Expense of erecting a Monument to the Memory of the late Right Honourable Sir Robert Peel Baronet; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of erecting Buildings for a National Gallery and other Purposes connected therewith, and with the Promotion of Fine Arts, in Scotland.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and forty-nine Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Prince Edwards Island, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand two hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand one hundred and two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and ninety Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Bahama Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West India Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any

993

19,000*. for Geological Survey, &c .;

2, 696/. for Observatories at Toronto, &c .;

45, 329/. for British Museum;

5, 250*. for Monument to Sir R. Peel;

10,000l. for National Gallery, Scotland.

Civil Sanvicis, Class 5.

There shall be issued 4, 049*. for Civil Establishment of the Bermudas; 2,000l. for ditto of Prince Edward's Island;

11, 2281 for Ecclesiastical Establishment of British North American Provinces; 14, 102/. for Indian Department in Canada;

290/. for Civil Establishment of Bahama Islands;

18, 028/. for Governors, &c. of West India Colonies;

41, 150J. for Stipendiary Justices in West India Colonies, See .;

24, 080/. for Civil Establishmen ts, Western Coast of Africa, &c .;

10, 875/. for St. Helena;

7.3791 for Western Australia;

1, 284/. for Port Essington;

1, 486/. for Heligoland;

5,000l. for Falkland Islands;

13, 296/. for Colonial Land and Emigration Board, &c .;

41, 730/. for New Zealand;

20,000l. for British Settlement at Hong Kong;

6, 914/. for Labuan;

30,000l. for Support of captured Negroes &c .;

16, 350/. for Commissions for suppressing the Slave Trade;

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 13 & 14 VICT.

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, also for the Purchase of Stores, &c. on the Gold Coast from the Danish Government; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand eight hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray Charges connected with the Island of Saint Helena, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand three hundred and seventy-nine Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Western Australia, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and eighty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Settlement at Port Essington, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Heligoland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Falkland Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Colonial Land and Emigration Board and other Expenses connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand seven hundred and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge of New Zealand, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Hong Kong, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of Labuan, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, to defray Expenses incurred for the Support of captured Negroes and liberated Africans and other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, the Salaries

1850, Consolidated Fund Appropriation). Cap. 107.

and contingent Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred fifty-five thousand four hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Consular Establishments abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand eight hundred Pounds, for the extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Missions abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eight thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charges of Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds to grant Relief, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 'Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the National Vaccine Establishment, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, towards the Support of "The Refuge for the Destitute," in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand three hundred and forty-six Pounds, for Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees and Allowances to distressed Spaniards, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand three hundred and eighteen Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one. Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenue, #*<?., for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the House of Industry, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Lying-in

995

155, 486/. for the Consular Establishment abroad;

16, 800/. for Mis* sions abroad.

Civil Services, Class 6.

There shall be issued 108, 768/. for Superannuations, &c .;

3, 750/. for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

2,000l. for National Vaccine Institution;

1,000l. for Refuge for Destitute;

5, 346/. for Polish Refugees, &c .;

6, 318/. to pay Miscellaneous Allowances;

8.500/. for House of Industry, Dublin;

7001 for Female Orphan House, Dublin;

2,000l. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin;

700/. for Lying-in Hospital, Dublin;

1, 350/. for Dr. Stevens' Hospital, Dublin i

3, 420/. for House of Recovery, &c., Dublin;

4501. for Hospital for Incurables, Dublin; ]

37, 698/. for Protestant Dissenting Ministers, Ireland;

6, 7901. for Charitable Allowances, Ireland.

Civil Scryicxs, Class 7.

There shall be issued 20, 7001. General Board of Health;

2, 346L for Central Board of Health in Dublin;

13, 552/. for Incumbered Estates Commission, Ireland;

15,000l. for Drainage, Ireland;

14, 7651 for British Ambassador's House at Constantinople;

1,0001 for Militia, Canada;

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation)* 13 & 14 Vict.

Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of Doctor Stevend Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and fifty Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Hospital for Incurables, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand six hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to defray the Expense of Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland, to tha Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one. Charitable Allowanced charged on the Conoordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from the Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, frc.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand and seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the General Board of Health, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand three hundred and forty-six Pounds, to pay the Salaries and incidental Expenses of the Central Board of Health in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand five hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Expenses of the Incumbered Estates Commission in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, One Moiety of the Cost of certain Works of Navigation connected with Drainage in Ireland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand seven hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of the Completion of the Ambassador's Residence at Constantinople; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to defray, to the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of Militia and Volunteers in Canada; and any

Sum

1850. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation), Cap. 10ft

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, towards defraying, in the Year One thouscuid eight hundred and fifty, the Expense of repairing the Harbour of Lybster as a Place of Refhge for Fishing Boats on the East Coast of Scotland; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand one hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of erecting certain Lighthouses abroad, also of the Establishment of Sable Island for the Belief of shipwrecked Persons; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, te enable Her Majesty to afford Relief to the Depositors in the late Cuffe Street Savings Bank in Dublin.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts, of this Session of Parliament

XXIV. And it i$ hereby also enacted, That the respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums granted by this Act for Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate Services comprised in the Sum of Six millions six hundred seventy-two thousand five hundred and eighty-eight Pounds for Naval Services, in the Sum of Six millions six hundred twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds for Army Services, and in the Sum of Two millions four hundred thirty-four thousand four hundred and seventeen Pounds for Ordnance Services: Provided always, that if the Exigencies of the Public ^Service shall render it indispensably necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the separate Services comprised in the aggregate Sum granted by this Act for Naval Services, for Army Services, or for Ordnance Services, the Department in which such Necessity shall have arisen shall represent the Circumstances which may have led to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and it shall be lawful for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect being signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sum of Six millions six hundred seventy-two thousand five hundred and eighty-eight Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, of Six millions six hundred twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds for Army Services, or of Two millions four hundred thirty-four thousand four hundred and seventeen Pounds for Ordnance Services, shall not be exceeded.

XXV. And as to the Sum of Three hundred and eighty-six thousand Pounds by. this Act appropriated on account of

097

3,0001 for Lybster Harbour;

18, 100*. for Lighthouses abroad, and for Sable Island; 30,0001 for Depositors of Cuffe Street Sayings Bank.

Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

Expenditure for Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services respectively to be con* fined to the separate Services for which granted.

Treasury may, on Application, alter the proportionate Amounts for such separate Services, provided the total Grant to each Department be not exceeded.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appro-

998

printed to Pflj.

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 13 & 14 VICT.

Half Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be receive*!; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary at War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay, or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Omcer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he

may

999

Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 107 *

may hold or have held as aforesaid, but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified oy the Secretary at War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty'fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary at War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Master General and the Board of Ordnance, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same, according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts, and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay, or any Portion thereof, to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or under any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Dot of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General j or Local Militia, &c»

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for Payment of Half Pay, without the requisite Oaths, indemnified.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 126.

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation)* 13 & 14 VICT#

nified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury through the Secretary at War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year, on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Employments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service; and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pav with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

XXVII. And whereas a considerable Part of the Money appropriated on account of Half Pay by an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled A/i Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, has been issued without requiring, by Persons issuing or paying, and without the taking by the Persons receiving Half Pay, the Oaths or Declarations prescribed to be taken by Officers claiming Half Pay, and Part of the said Monies has been paid to Officers claiming or entitled to Half Pay who at the same Time held and may still hold the Situation of and serve respect tively as Surgeons, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, or Privates in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, in Great Britain or Ireland, and it is expedient that all such Persons should be indemnified:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons concerned in the advising, authorizing, or directing the issuing, or in the issuing, of any Half Pay, or any Monies for Half JPay, or in the Application of any Money appropriated by the said Act for that Purpose, or in receiving or being concerned in the receiving any Portion of the Money so appropriated for such Half Pay, without requiring or taking the said Oaths pr Declarations, or to pr on

account

1001

1850# Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 10ft

account of any such Officers or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby fully exonerated and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Prosecutions, or Proceedings in respect of anything done in relation thereto in all Cases in which such Half Pay, or Payment for or in respect of such Half Pay, shall have been or may hereafter be issued or received in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and the Usages heretofore established or observed in relation to the issuing, paying, and receiving of Half Pay in all other respects, except so far as relates to the demanding, requiring, or taking the said Oaths or Declarations; and all such Payments and Issues of Half Pay which shall have been or may be issued to any such Person as aforesaid shall be deemed valid and effectual Payments, and the Paymaster General and all other Persons concerned in the issuing and paying the same shall be and are hereby fully indemnified, and shall be and are hereby fully discharged and exonerated, in respect thereof in all Accounts relating to such Issues and Payments, anything in any Act or Acts, or any Laws, Rules, or Regulations, relating to the issuing and paying of Half Pay, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation contained in the Letter of Service under which they were raised, that they should be allowed to receive any Half

Pay to which they might be entitled, notwithstanding their

holding Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps, but no Provision has been made by Parliament for Payment of such

Half Pay; and it is therefore expedient that Provision should ' be now made for the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as (aforesaid:* Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who were entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwithstanding their having held the Full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have been allowed to receive the same, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before any Person hereby authorised to administer a Declaration to Persons for the Purpose of receiving Half Pay that they had not in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officers of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles; and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing anjr other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

XXIX. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have f been placed upon Half Pay have not been allowed to receive

such Half Pay in some Years, in consequence of being in possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or ' Preferments, though the same were not in the Patronage of the

Half Pay allowed to Officers of the Manx Fcn-dbles.

Half P*y Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Surplus of Sum by lift 12 Vict. c. 126. appropriated to Half Pay Officers to be disposed of as Her Majesty shall direct.

Widoirs, Ste. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.

Cap. 107. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). 13 & 14 Vict.

the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reason *

£ able that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay,

though in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided ' the same was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who after having been placed on Half Pay shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay, that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty; and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXX. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her present Majesty the several Supplies which had been granted to Her Majesty as therein mentioned were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds in the whole was appropriated to be paid on account of Half Pay for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, subject nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half Pay as in and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that Behalf:' Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That so much of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late War, or such others as by reason of their long Service or otherwise Her Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under Her Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And as to the Sum of One hundred twenty-six thousand five hundred and thirty-six Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Her Majesty's Land Forces as aforesaid, and as to the Sum of Ninety-one thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and of Pensions to Officers for Wouqds as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted

100$

1850. Consolidated Fund (Appropriation). Cap. 107, 108.

and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every such Declaration shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for confirming certain further Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS the General Hoard of Health have, in pur-

* suance of the Public Health Act, 1848, made, published, ' and deposited, according to the Provisions of that Act, certain

Provisional Orders mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice And Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health referred to in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, so far as the same are authorized by the said Public Health Act, be and the same are hereby confirmed, except as to the Clause numbered 3. in the Provisional Order for Tormoham otherwise called Tor Mohun in the County of Devon, and shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Parish of Holbeach, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

III. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Parish of Tormoham otherwise called Tor Mohun in the County of Devon, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and that One Third of the Local Board for the

Declarations be mode as specified in 5i*6W.4. c. 62.

Certain Provisional Orders of General Board of Health confirmed.

First Election of Local Board for Hoi beach.

First Election of Local Board for Tormohanu

First Election o# Local Board for Darlington.

First Election of Local Board for Exmouth.

First Election of Local Board for Townships of Alnwick and Canongate.

First Election of Local Board for the Borough of Llanelly.

First Election of Local Board for Launceston.

First Election of Local Board for Reading.

First Election of Local Board for Burslem.

First Election of Local Board

for Watford.

Cap. 108. General Board of Health (No. 3.) 13 & 14 Vict.

the Baid District shall go out of Office on the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and thenceforward yearly on the First Day of March, unless the Day so appointed shall fall on a Sunday or on a Day appointed for public Fast or Thanksgiving, when such One Third shall go out of Office on the Day following, anything in the said Provisional Order to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Township of Darlington, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

V. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Town of Exmouth, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

VI. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Townships of Alnwick and Canongate, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Firat Election of the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Llanelly, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Launceston, and so much of the adjoining Parishes of Saint Thomas the Apostle and Saint Stephen as are included in the District formed for the Purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

IX. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health (for the Purposes of Main Sewerage only) for the District consisting of the Borough of Beading and the Hamlet of Whitley in the Parish of St Mary, adjoining the said Borough, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

X. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the Parish of Burslem, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

XL. And be it enacted, That the First Election of the Local Board of Health for the District of Watford, for the Purposes of the said Public Health Act, shall take place on the Twenty-fifth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

185a

1005

Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street Cap. 109.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Public Health Act, and shall be as if this Act and the Public Health Act were One Act

XIII. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No. 3 y

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, submitted for the Confirmation of Parliament.

Plages to which the Orders refer.

Carlisle.

Alnwick.

Cardiff.

Newcastle under Lyme. Exmouth.

Darlington.

Llanelly.

Watford.

Southampton. Berwick upon Tweed. Tewkesbury. Holbeach.

Tormoham.

Launceston.

Burslem.

Beading.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to enlarge and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty* intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalnelds to Shoreditch.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties, and to alter and amend the said Acts, it was among other things enacted, that in order to provide a Fund for the opening of poor and densely populated Districts in the Metropolis, and for keeping open Spaces in the immediate Vicinity of the same, the Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought near London by the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals or by the River Thames imposed by an Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, and by the Act . now

Act incorporated with Public Health Act.

Short Title of this Act.

Act may be # amended, &c.

8 & 9 Vict c. 101.

1006

9 & 10 Vict. c. 34 *

3 & 4 Vict. c. 87.

Cap. 109. Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street 13 & 14 VICT.

f now in recital and other Acts extended to Coals, Culm, and ' Cinders brought near London by Railway, Inland Navigation,

or other Mode of Conveyance, should after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-five be applied to the Creation of a Fund for the Execution of such Improvements in the Metropolis as Parliament might

thereafter direct or sanction; and it was also enacted, that ' after the said Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-five the said Duty of One Penny per Ton

on Coals, Culm, and Cinders so imposed and extended as aforesaid, should, from Time to Time when and as received,

be invested in the Purchase of Stock in some of the Public Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings, to an Account to be intituled " The 4 Metropolis Improvement Fund Account," and that the said Commissioners should from Time to Time invest the yearly Dividends or Interest of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so to be purchased in their Names on the Account aforesaid in like Manner for the Purpose of Accumulation in the me&ntime, and until the said Fund should be required for and appropriated by Parliament to the Execution of Improvements in the Metropolis: And whereas by another Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shoreditch, after reciting, among other things, that in pursuance of the said herein-before in part recited Act the Monies received from the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-five to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, in respect of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton 4 on Coals, Cinders, and Culm so created, imposed, and extended as aforesaid, had been laid out and vested in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Purchase of Three thousand and thirty-one Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight-pence Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, and such

Annuities were then standing in the Names of the said

Commissioners on the Account directed by the said Act, and reciting, that by an Act passed in the Session held in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, 4 Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make ad- 4 ditional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis, the said Commissioners were empowered, out of certain Monies and Funds therein specified, to form several new Streets and Improve-c ments therein particularly mentioned, and, among others, a 4 new Street from the London Docks to Spitalfields Church, and reciting that the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty to inquire into and consider the most effectual Means of improving

1850.

1007

Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street. Cap. 109.

proving the Metropolis, and of providing increased Facilities of Communication within the same, had by their Report, dated the Twenty-third Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, (which had been laid before both Houses of Parliament by Her Majesty's Command,) humbly recommended

to Her Majesty that, out of any Monies to be thereafter raised as a Fund for Metropolitan Improvements, Provision should be made for the Completion of a Line of Street from Spitalfields Church to the Station of the Eastern Counties Railway in Shoreditch, in continuation of the new Street and Improvement then in progress of Formation by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods under the Authority of the Act last therein-before Tecited, and that Her Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Recommendation of the said Commissioners,

and that it was expedient in accordance therewith that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings should be empowered to form

and open (in continuation of the Street from the London Docks to Spitalfields Church therein-before mentioned) a new Street and Thoroughfare from the North End of Commercial Street, Spitalfields, into Shoreditch, adjoining the Terminus of the Northern and Eastern Counties Railway, and for the Purpose of providing a Fund to enable the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings to effect the Objects aforesaid it was expedient that the said Commissioners should be authorized to raise out of or to charge the said Funds and Duties by the said recited Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign made applicable to the Improvement of the Metropolis as herein-before is mentioned with a Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and

twenty thousand Pounds, it was by the said Act now in recital enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings for the Time being, and they were thereby authorized and empowered, to make, form, and coraplete the said intended new Street from the North End of Commercial Street, Spitalfields, into Shoreditch, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into execution in manner thereinafter mentioned, and according to a Plan which had been submitted to and approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were x 4 thereby incorporated for the Purposes of the said Act; and it

was enacted, that for providing a Fund for the Purposes of the said Act it should be lawful for the said Commissioners,

with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, from Time to Time or at any On6 4 Time, to levy and raise by the Sale of the whole or any Portion of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities from Time to [No.'64. Price 2A] 3 S 4 Time

1008

Cap. 109. Spitdytdds and ShoreditchNew Street 13 & 14 Vict.

Time constituting the said Fund called "The Metropolis ' Improvement Fund," so created or appropriated by the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty ' as aforesaid, or by Charge upon all and singular the Duties ' and Revenue in and by the same Act made applicable to

the Formation of such Fund, any Sum or Sums of Money ' not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and ' twenty thousand Pounds, together with Interest on the Sum ' or Sums to be charged from the Time of charging the same

not exceeding Five Pounds per Cent per Annum; and it ' was enacted, that the Duties and Revenue so to be charged ' as aforesaid should be paid and applied in satisfaction and discharge of all Monies to be charged thereon by the said ' Commissioners as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, in such

Manner and from Time to Time as the same should be ' received and as the said Commissioners should direct; and

it was further enacted, that for the Purposes of the said Act ' it should be lawful for the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to borrow and raise ' any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the c Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds upon the ' Credit of the said Monies and Interest so made chargeable as ' aforesaid, and thereupon to assign and dispose of such Monies

and Interest in such Shares, and by way of Debenture or otherwise, and with such Priorities, and in Such Manner, as f the same Commissioners should think fit as a Security for the Monies so to be borrowed; and it was further enacted, that i for the Purpose of laying down and constructing the said intended new Street the said Commissioners for executing ' the Act now in recital should have the same Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Exemptions as in and by the said Act ' of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty were ' given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests,

Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, for the Purpose of or ' with reference to the laying down and constructing the several new Streets and Improvements therein specified, so far as the same should be applicable to the said intended new Street,

and also that all Powers authorizing incapacitated Persons to convey in the said Act contained should extend to all the

Lands and Hereditaments to be taken under the Act now in ' recital, and that all and singular the Enactments, Exemptions

from Stamp Duties, and Provisions in the said before-mentioned Act contained should be construed in all respects as if ' the said Act had been passed for the Purpose of authorizing

the laying down and Construction of the new Street by the Act now in recital authorized to be laid down and constructed, and for the Purchase and taking of Hereditaments, ' and for the leasing, selling, managing, and disposing of the

Hereditaments to be taken, and the Buildings to be erected

thereon, and as if the Hereditaments comprised in the Schedule to the Act now in recital had been comprised in the

1009

1850. ' Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street Cap. 109.

Schedule to the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, and as if the Monies authorized to be raised by the Act now in recital had been authorized to

be raised by the said last before-mentioned Act, and as if the said Street by the Act now in recital authorized to be made s had been by the said before-mentioned Act authorized to be made, except that with respect to any Monies payable into ' the Bank of England the same should be paid to the Account of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in like Manner as Monies were by the said Act of the Third and ? Fourth Years of Her present Majesty directed to be paid to

the Account of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer: And whereas the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and c Buildings, so incorporated as aforesaid, have proceeded to (carry the said Act into execution, and for the Purposes thereof have raised, partly by Sale of Stock invested in their Names on the said Metropolis Improvement Fund Account, and partly by Mortgage of the Duties and Revenue made 6 applicable to the Formation of such Fund, divers Sums of Money amounting in the whole to the full Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, which by the said last-

recited Act they were empowered to raise as aforesaid, and they have expended the greater Part of the Monies so raised by them as aforesaid in the Purchase of Houses, Lands, and ' Hereditaments required for the said intended new Street, and otherwise in carrying the said Act into execution: And whereas the Monies remaining unexpended in the Hands of the said Commissioners will not suffice to purchase the

Houses, Lands, and Hereditaments yet remaining to be purchased for the Formation of the said intended new Street, ' and to construct, open, and complete the same; and although it is estimated that the ultimate net Cost of the said new Street and Improvement will not exceed the before-mentioned Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds by the ' said last-recited Act appropriated to the Formation thereof, additional Sums of Money will be required to cover the first Outlay which must be incurred in acquiring and clearing the Ground required for the said Street, and in forming and paving the same, and constructing Sewers and Drains in and ' over the same; and it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be empowered to raise such additional Sums of Money by Sale of a further Portion of the Stock now constituting the said Metropolis Improvement Fund, or by further

Charge upon the said Duties or Revenue by the said recited Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty

5 made applicable to the Improvement of the Metropolis as aforesaid: And whereas by the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, recited or referred to 1 in the said ^ct of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign l*st herein-before recited, it was among other

3 S 2 4 things

Commissioners of Woods, &c. empowered to raise further Sums of Money by Sole of or Charge upon the Metropolis Improvement FuqcL

Cap. 109. Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street. 13 & 14 VICT.

things enacted, that if the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings should not, within the Space of Seven Years to be ' computed from the passing of the same Act, purchase or take ' the Tenements and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof respectively, which they were empowered by the said Act to take, ' use, and purchase, then and from thenceforth the Powers

thereby granted to them for such Purpose should cease, determine, and be utterly void; and Doubts have been enter-

tained whether, by reason of the Powers, Provisions, and c Enactments of the said last-mentioned Act having been extended or transferred to the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth c Years of Her Majesty's Reign, in manner herein-before re-c cited, the Time for Purchase of Tenements and Hereditaments required for the Purposes of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign has not been limited c to the Space of Seven Years to be computed from the passing

of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the Purpose of providing Monies for the Completion of the new Street and Improvement from the North End of Commercial Street, Spitalfields, to Shoreditch, by the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign authorized to be made, formed, and completed by them, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings so incorporated as aforesaid, and their Successors, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, from Time to Time, or at any one Time, to levy and raise, by the Sale of the whole or any Portion of the Stocks, Funds, or Securities from Time to Time constituting the said Fund called "The Metropolis Improvement Fund," so created or appropriated by the said recited Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, or by Charge upon the said Metropolis Improvement Fund, or any Part thereof, or upon the Interest, Dividends, and annual Proceeds of the said Fund or any Part thereof, or by Charge upon all or any Part of the Duties and Revenue in and by the same Act made applicable to the Formation of such Fund, or by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, such further Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners and their Successors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall judge necessary for completing the said intended new Street and Improvement herein-before mentioned, and for carrying into

execution

1011

1850. SpitaifieUs dnd Shoreditch New Street Cap. 109.

execution the Purposes of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, together with Interest on the Sum or Sums to be chajged, from the Time of charging the some, not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent per Annum.

II. And be it enacted, That, subject to any prior existing Fund to be Charges thereon, the said Fund and the Income thereof, and of the said Duties and Revenue, or such Portion or Portions charges, sub-thereof respectively as shall be so charged as aforesaid, shall be ject to prior paid and applied in the Satisfaction and Discharge of all such Ch*rge* farther Sum and Sums of Money as shall be changed thereon respectively by the said Commissioners and their Successors under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, in such Manner as the said Commissioners or their Successors shall from Time to Time direct.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners Commissioners and their Successors, with the Consent and Ap- ^a^borrow0" probation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners M^nies^n^he for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time Credit of the being, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, which they may charged, be able to borrow and raise upon the Credit of the said Metropolis Improvement Fund and the Income thereof, and the said Duties and Revenue so authorized to be charged as aforesaid, and thereupon to assign and dispose of such Fund, Income,

Duties, and Revenue, or any Portion thereof, (subject to any prior existing Charges thereon,) in such Shares, and by way of Debenture or otherwise, and with such Priorities and in such Manner, as the same Commissioners shall think fit, as a Security for the Monies so to be borrowed.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Sum and Sums of Money which the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby authorized to raise or charge, or which may be borrowed by the same Commissioners in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, shall be applied in the first place in paying all the Charges and Expenses of or incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in paying and discharging the necessary Expenses of making and completing the said intended new Street, and otherwise in carrying into execution the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign.

V. And be it enacted, That the several Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Directions in the said last-mentioned Act contained with respect to Monies to be raised by the said Commissioners under the Authority or for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Application thereof, and the Receipts and Discharges to be given for the same, and the Accounts to be rendered thereof, shall, so far as the same are applicable and not otherwise provided for by this Act, be extended to this Act and the Monies to be raised under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Provisions,

Application of Monies raised.

Provisions with respect to Monies raised under recited Act extended to this Act.

Cap. 10d. Spitalfields and Shoreditch New Street. 13 & 14 VICT.

Exemptions, and Directions were herein repeated and re-enacted ih reference to such last-mentioned Monies.

Removing

VI. And for removing all Doubts be it enacted and declared,

me forVur- That the Time by the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth chases. Years of Her Majesty's Reign limited for the Purchase of Lands

and Hereditaments, and for authorizing Parties and Bodies to sell and convey, shall be deemed and construed to be the Space of Seven Years from the passing of the said last-mentioned Act; and all and singular the Powers and Authorities by the said last-mentioned Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors to purchase, take, or use any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof, or Rights or Interests therein, required for the Purposes of the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and the new Street and Improvement thereby authorized to be made, shall remain in force, and shall and may be exercised by the said Commissioners and their Successors or otherwise, for the Space of Seven Years from the passing of the said last-mentioned Act; and the said last-mentioned Act shall be taken and construed as if the Powers and Authorities hereby given or confirmed had been given in express Terms by the said Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign.

Surplus Monies yu. And be it enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money

to be invested in ., , , ., , .L o "

augmentation of received or to be received by the said Commissioners from any

the Metropolis Sales or Leases or otherwise in respect of any Hereditaments or Fund°Venlent Property acquired or to be acquired by them under the Powers or for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign or this Act, and which shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners or their Successors after the new Street and Improvement by the said Act authorized to be made shall have been made and completed, and the Purposes of the samp Act and of this Act shall have been fully executed, shall (subject to the Payment thereout of any Monies which may remain due upon Loans made to the said Commissioners under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, and the Interest thereof,) be applied in augmentation of the Fund for the Execution of Improvements in the Metropolis, and be invested in the Names of the said Commissioners or their Successors in some of the Public Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Interest, on the said Account intituled " The Metropolis Improvement Fund Account and the said Commissioners and their Successors shall from Time to Time invest the Dividends, Interest, and Income of the said Stocks, Funds, and Securities in like Manner for the Purpose of Accumulation in the meanwhile and until the said Fund shall be required for and appropriated by Parliament to the Execution of Improvements in the Metropolis.

Public Act

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

1013

Savings Banks (Ireland). Cap. 110, 111.

CAP. CX.

An Act to continue the Act for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend n & 12 Vict.

the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland, and it is expe- l33,

dient that the same should be continued Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued to the First Raejted Act Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and oonUjroedr fifty-two.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to relieve the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company from contributing towards the Expense of the proposed new Harbour at Holyhead, and to take away the Powers of the said Company in relation to such Harbour.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS in "The Chester and Holyhead Railway, io&ii Vict.

Holyhead Extension and Amendment, Act, 1847," are c. ccxxxriii.

contained Provisions requiring the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company to contribute towards the Expense of constructing the Harbour of Safety and Inner Pier and Inner Harbour at Holyhead, proposed to be formed as therein mentioned, the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, and to pay the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury,

and for the Payment and Recovery of such Sum; and also Provisions authorizing the said Company, upon acquiring the Rights and Interests therein mentioned, to construct a Wharf or Quay upon a Portion of the Sea Shore for the Purposes therein mentioned, and vesting in the said Company the free Use of the said Inner Pier for the Purposes therein mentioned, and empowering the said Company to lay down upon the said Inner Pier a Railway or Railways, and to erect Sheds or Conveniences for the Protection of Passengers landing or embarking from the said Inner Pier: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions of the said Act should be repealed:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Recited Pro-all the Provisions of the said Act concerning the Contribution, *iwons repealed Payment, and Recovery of the said Sum of Two hundred thou-

-.

The Treasury may authorise the Company to make Works in connexion with the Haitotur.

1&SW.4. c. 57.

Cap. 111, 112, Holyhead Harbour* 13 & 14 VICT.

sand Pounds, and all the Powers and Provisions of such Act for and in relation to the Construction by the said Comply of such Wharf or Quay as aforesaid, and the free Use by the said Company of the said Inner Pier, and the laying down thereupon of a Railway or Railways, and the Erection of such Sheds and Conveniences as aforesaid, and all other Powers vested or to be vested in the said Company under such Act in relation to the said Harbour of Safety, Inner Harbour, and Inner Pier respectively, and the Provisions in relation to such Powers, shall be repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, as they may deem expedient, authorize the said Company to construct any Quay, Wharf, or other Works in or in connexion with the said Harbours and Pier, or to have Access to or make Communications with the said Harbours and Pier, or to lay down a Railway or Railways on the said Pier, or to make other Arrangements for facilitating the landing or embarking in and from such Harbours and Pier of Passengers, Goods, Cattle, or Merchandize, upon such Terms and subject to such Conditions as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may think fit.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland certain Works and Rights of the Lough Corrib Improvement Company, and to compensate such Company for the same.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove

Obstructions in Rivers, it was enacted, that when any Persons should be desirous of undertaking the Execution of the Works provided for by that Act, and should, in manner and upon (and after the Observance and Performance of the Preliminaries therein-after directed, make Application to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the Time being, it should be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, if he or they should so think fit, to issue a Commission authorizing and constituting such Persons Undertakers for the Exe-c cution of such of the Works provided for by that Act as might be included in such Application, or any of them; and in the said Act are contained Provisions forming such Persons, and

their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, into a Joint Stock Company, by such Name as therein mentioned: And whereas by a Commission issued by their Excellencies the Lords Justices of Ireland, (bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of December

One

1015

JUntgh Corrib Improvement Company Compensation* C. 112.

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, after reciting,

amongst other things, that it had been represented to the said Lords Justices that the several Persons therein-after named had agreed to form themselves into a Company for the Improvement of Lough Corrib in the Counties of Galway and Mayo, and the Lands contiguous thereto, the said Lords Justices did, by virtue of the said recited Act, authorize and

constitute certain Persons therein named Undertakers for the Execution of the Works therein mentioned and referred to:

And whereas on Act was passed in the Sixth Year of Her 5 & 6 Vict present Majesty, to amend the said Act of the Second Year 105 *

of King William the Fourth: And whereas the Company of Undertakers formed under the said Commission have been since called and known by the Name of The Company of Undertakers for the Improvement of Lough Corrib," in the Province of Connaught: And whereas the said Company proceeded to execute certain Works in and by the said firstrrecited Act and the said Commission authorised, but failed to comply with the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and have long since discontinued and are unable to complete the said Works:

And whereas the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, acting under the Authority of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty,

[5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.]

intituled An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland, and of the Acts amending the same, have taken the necessary Steps, and have now made considerable Progress in the necessary Works, for the Drainage, not only of the Lands included in the said Commission, but of other Lands contiguous thereto, and also for the Improvement of the Navigation from the Sea at Galway Harbour in the County of the Town of Galway,

through the County of Galway, to Lough Carra in the County of Mayo, and also for the Improvement of Mill Power of the several Mills deriving their Supply of Water from Lough Corrib, and all denominated by the said Commissioners The 4 District of Loughs Corrib, Mash, and Carra," in the County of the Town of Galway, and Counties of Galway and Mayo: And whereas a free Grant has been made by Parliament of a Moiety of the estimated Expense of completing the said Navigation, the other Moiety of such last-mentioned Expenses being charged on the County of the Town of Galway and certain Portions of the Counties of Galway and Mayo respectively: And whereas the several Works which have been heretofore executed by the said Company under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act and the Commission issued in pursuance thereof, and which may be made available for the Purpose of the Works of the said Commissioners of Public Works in the District of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Carra,

have been estimated at the Value of Three thousand two hundred Pounds: And whereas certain Lands and Bights in Land within the said District of Lough Corrib have been

Lough Corrib Company not to proceed with their Works.

Commissioners of Public Works, with Consent of the Treasury, to pay into Bank, to the Credit of the Company, 3, 200L and 1, 8002.

Application of the Money so paid in.

C. 112. Lough Corrib Improvement Company Compensation.

purchased by the said Company, and it has been represented by the said Company that they paid for such Lands and c Rights Sums exceeding the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, and the Value of such Lands and Rights for the Purposes of the Works of the said Commissioners of

Public Works has been estimated at the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Company ' of Undertakers have agreed to transfer to the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland the Works which have been executed by the said Company, and also the said Lands and c Rights, upon the Payment as herein-after mentioned of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, being the Amount of the said 6 Sums of Three thousand two hundred Pounds and One thousand eight hundred Pounds Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Undertakers for the Improvement of Lough Corrib to proceed further in the Execution of any of the Works authorized in and by the said Acts, or either of them, or the said Commission under the said first-recited Act, or in any Manner whatsoever to interfere with or interrupt the Works heretofore executed or hereafter to be executed by the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under the Provisions of the said thirdly-recited Act, or any of the Acts amending the same.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, by and with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of any Monies at the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works for the Purposes of the Works to be by them executed in the said District of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Carra, to pay into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, being the Amount of the said Sums of Three thousand two hundred Pounds and One thousand eight hundred Pounds, such Sum to be placed to Account of the said Accountant General there, (< to the Credit of the Company of Undertakers for the Improvement of Lough Corriband out of such Sum of Five thousand Pounds there shall be paid, in the first instance, all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of the said Company, or of the Persons holding Debentures heretofore issued by the said Company, in respect of or incident to the Preparation, Introduction, and Prosecution of a Bill during the Two last Sessions of Parliament, for the Purpose of procuring the Grant of extended Powers to the said Company, but which Bill did not pass into an Act, and in respect of or incident to the Negotiation between the said Company and such Debenture Holders and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and the said Commissioners of Public Works,

1017

Lough Corrib Improvement Company Compensation. C. 112.

Works, for the Transfer by the said Company to the said Commissioners of Public Works of the said Works and Lands apd Rights in Land, the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses to be ascertained and certified by One of the Masters of the said Court, and to be paid by the said Company, and to such Debenture Holders respectively, or to their respective Solicitors or Agents, in such Manner as may be directed by the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland upon any Petition to be presented in a summary Way; and after Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expenses the Surplus of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of One of the Masters of the stud Court, in the first place, amongst the Persons holding Debentures heretofore issued by the said Company, and, in the next place, amongst the Members of the said Company, in such Shares and Proportions as may be directed by the said Lord Chancellor upon Petition as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case it be not shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury that the Purchase Monies bona fide paid by the said Company for such Lands and Rights in Land as aforesaid amount to the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to authorize the said Commissioners of Public Works to pav to the said Company, in lieu of the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, such less Sum only as shall have been shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to have been paid by the said Company for the said Lands and Rights: Provided also, that any Person or Persons having any Claim against the said Company (in respect of any Debt or Liability heretofore incurred) may apply to the said Lord Chancellor, by Petition to be presented as aforesaid, and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor to make such Order for inquiring into such Claim, and for the Payment of the Amount of any Money due in respect thereof, and of any Costs in relation to such Application, out of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, as he shall think just.

III. And be it enacted, That upon Payment into the Bank of Ireland in manner aforesaid of the said Sum of Three thousand two hundred Pounds and the said Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, or so much of such last-mentioned Sum as shall be payable by the said Commissioners of Public Works' under this Act, v all the Works heretofore executed by or on behalf of the said Company, and other the Lands, Works, Property, Undertaking, and Rights of the said Company, of every Nature or Kind soever, within the District of their Commission under the Provisions of the said Two first-recited Acts or the said Commission, shall respectively become the Property of and be vested in the said Commissioners of Public Works, and their Successors, for the Purposes of and according to the Intent of the said thirdly-recited Act and the several Acts amending the same, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Estates,

Rights,

Upon Payment into the Bank the Works, &c. of the Company to rest in Commissioners of Public Works.

Money not to be liable to Ushers Poundage.

Sold Sums of 3, 800/. and 1, 800/. to form Part of Expenses of Navigation and Drainage in the Lough Corrib District.

Act may be emended, Bec.

13 Be 14 Vict. c. 31.

C. 112, 113. Lough Corrib Compensation Company Compensation.

Eights, Interests, Debts, and Incumbrances whatsoever of or occasioned by the said Company of Undertakers: Provided always, that upon Payment as aforesaid of the said Sum of Three thousand two hundred Pounds it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works to take possession of and enjoy all the said Lands, Works, Property, Undertaking, and Eights, without Prejudice to the Eight of the said Company to the said Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as may become payable.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Money so paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, or paid out, under any Order made by the said High Chancellor of Ireland under the Powers of this Act, shall be liable to Ushers Poundage.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Sum of Three thousand two hundred Pounds and the said Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, or so much of such last-mentioned Sum as shall be paid under this Act, shall be considered as and form Part of the general Expenses incident to the Works of the said Commissioners of Public Works within the said District of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Carra, and be charged to the said District accordingly, in such Manner and in such Proportions, to the Account of the said Navigation, Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Mill Power in the said District, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to include the said Sum of Three thousand two hundred Pounds and the said Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, or so much of such last-mentioned Sum as shall be paid as aforesaid, in the Award to be made by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the said thirdly-recited Act and the Acts amending the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to authorize the Transfer of Loans for the Improvement of Land in Ireland to other Land.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the present Session of Parliament, to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances, it is enacted, that the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall not make any Order for any Loan under the Acts therein referred to and that Act, or any of them, to the same Owner, to a larger Amount than Five thousand Pounds, or if any previous Order or Orders have been made under such Acts or any of them for a Loan or Loans to the same Owner in respect to the same or any other

1019

Transfer of Improvement Loans (Ireland). Cap. 113, 114.

Land, or to any previous Owner of the same Land in respect of such Land, the said Commissioners shall not make such Order for a Loan to a larger Amount than will with the Sum which has been or may be issued under such previous Order or Orders make up Five thousand Pounds: And whereas it may happen, where Orders for Loans for the Improvement of

Land in Ireland have been made, that the Money authorized to be advanced thereunder may be more advantageously expended c in the Improvement of other Land of the same Owner:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where an Order for a Loan for Works for the Improvement of Land in Ireland has been made by the said Commissioners under the Acts in the said recited Enactment referred to or any of them, or under this Provision, and no Advance has been made under such Order, or the whole of the Sum in such Order mentioned has not been issued, the said recited Enactment shall not prevent the said Commissioners, on the Relinquishment by the Owner for the Time being of the Lands mentioned in such Order of the Loan of the Sum in such Order mentioned, either wholly or in part, from making a new Order for a Loan for any Works on other Lands in Ireland of the same Owner, to any Amount not exceeding the Amount so relinquished, notwithstanding such Amount shall exceed Five thousand Pounds, or will, with the Sum which has been or may be issued under the said first-mentioned Order, or any other Order or Orders, exceed Five thousand Pounds.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act and the said Act of the present Session shall be construed together as One Act, and the Provision herein contained shall be deemed to extend to all Orders, Proceedings, and Matters already made, taken, and done, in the same Manner as if such Provision had been originally inserted in the said Act of the present Session.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Proceedings in the Courts of Law in Ireland, and to grant certain other Stamp Duties in lieu thereof.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act

to grant for the Term of Five Years additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties in Ireland, certain Duties of Stamps distinguished as Law Fund Duties were granted as the Means

Recited Enactment not to prevent new Orders for Loam upon Relinquishment of Advances under previous Order.

This Act to be deemed Part of recited Act.

1 & 2 G. 4+ c. 112.

Cap. 114.

Law Fund Duties (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

7 G. 4. c. 20.

Law Fund Stamp Duties to be repealed, and other Duties of the same Nature granted in lieu thereof.

Schedule to be Part of Act.

Duties to be under Care of Commissioners of Inland Revenue. Provisions of 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 112. to continue in force, and applicable to the Duties hereby granted;

of creating a Fund to meet certain Charges which had become annually payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom for Salaries, Allowances, and Compensations to the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland,

and to divers Officers of and in the said Courts, in lieu of certain Fees theretofore payable to such Judges and Officers respectively, and of the Profits of certain Offices which were abolished: And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to continue an Act of the First and Second Years of His present

Majesty, for granting for the Term of Five Years additional (Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law in ' Ireland, it was enacted, that the said recited Act, and the ' Duties thereby granted, should be continued in full Force and ' Effect until other Provision should be made by Parliament in ' respect thereof: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the ' said Duties, and grant other Duties of the same Nature in ' lieu thereof, to meet the Charge upon the Consolidated Fund ' for the Salaries so payable to the Judges and their Registrars ' in lieu of Fees, and the Salaries, Compensations, Allowances, ' and other Expenses payable in respect of the Offices of the ' said Courts Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty all and every of the Stamp Duties granted in and by the said Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Fourth, and continued by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the same Reign until Parliament should make other Provision in respect thereof, shall cease and be discontinued, and that in lieu thereof there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid in Ireland, unto Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule and in every Part thereof; and that the said Schedule, and every Clause, Regulation, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be and be deemed, taken, and considered as Part of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Duties shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and shall be denoted and distinguished as Law Fund Duties, and shall be deemed and construed to be Stamp Duties; and that the several Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, and Matters contained in the said Act of the First and Second Years of His said Majesty King George the Fourth with reference to Law Fund Duties shall continue to be of full Force and Effect, and bo applicable to the Duties hereby

granted,

1850. Law Fund Duties (Ireland). Cap. 114. 1021

granted, save as herein otherwise provided, or as the same except m may have beeu repealed, varied, or affected by an Act passed affected by th!« in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present 8 c*107#

Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate and reduce the Expenses of the Officers attached to the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund, or by any Act passed subsequently to the said Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and now in force.

[Stamps on

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions of the said Act of the First and Second Years of the Transcripts of Reign of King George the Fourth, for the Relief of Persons cancelledThen having spoiled Stamps, are applicable to certain Cases wherein the Duty has Stamps on Transcripts of Records are rendered useless, and it beenaeainPa, d-6 is expedient to make further Provision in that Behalf: Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in any and every Case in which it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue that any Transcript of a Record for Trial at Nisi Prius which has been duly stamped has not answered the Purpose for which it was intended, and that a fresh Transcript has been made out, and the Stamp Duty thereon a Second Time paid, the said Commissioners, or any Officer by them in that Behalf appointed, shall cancel the Stamp or Stamps upon the Transcript which has become useless, and, upon being furnished by the Party producing the same with the necessary Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, cause such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped or marked with any of the Duties granted by this Act, as may be desired, to the same Amount in the whole as the Stamps so cancelled, and shall deliver the said Parchment, Vellum, or Paper when so stamped or marked to the said Party, in exchange for the Stamp or Stamps so cancelled: Provided always, that the Application to have such Stamp or Stamps cancelled and exchanged shall be made to the said Commissioners within Six Calendar Months next after the Time of sealing the Transcript stamped or marked therewith.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Tenth No Bill of Costs Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty no Bill mjlwT&xing of Costs for Business in any of the said Courts of Common officer, except Law shall be taxed by any Taxing Officer unless and until the <>n Requisition Party requiring such Taxation shall lodge with such Officer a duly 8lamp<vJ* Requisition duly stamped or marked with the Duty provided

in that Behalf in the Schedule to this Act annexed, which Requisition shall set forth the Title or Titles of the Cause or Causes or Matter or Matters in which such Costs have been incurred, and the gross Amount of such Costs as furnished or made out and submitted for Taxation, and shall be signed by the Attorney requiring such Taxation.

Cap. 114.

Law Fund Duties (Ireland). 13 & 14 VICT.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Schedule of Duties of Stamps which are to be paid and payable in Ireland for and in respect of the First Skin, Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which the several Instruments, Matters, and Things herein mentioned shall be respectively written or printed, except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained, or expressly charged in any other Manner.

Affidavit, Affirmation, Deposition, or Declaration £ s. & in lieu of Affidavit, taken before any Person authorized by Law, in order to be used or filed in the Civil Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, or in the Court of Common Pleas, or in the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland - 0 2 0

Appearance in any Suit or Proceeding whatsoever in any of the said Courts, on the Requisition for the Entry thereof, whether the same be for One Defendant only or for more than One jointly - 0 2 0

Bill of Costs. — On each and every Requisition for the Taxation thereof by any Taxing Officer of the said Courts: —

Where the gross Amount of such Costs, as furnished or made out and submitted for Taxation, shall exceed Five Pounds and shall not exceed Twenty Pounds - - 0 2 6

Where the gross Amount as aforesaid shall exceed Twenty Pounds and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds - 0 5 0

Where the gross Amount as aforesaid shall exceed Fifty Pounds and shall not exceed One hundred Pounds - 0 10 0

Where the gross Amount as aforesaid shall

exceed One hundred Pounds - - 1 0 0

Copy, attested or to be attested by any Officer,

Assistant, or Clerk, of any Record, Judgment,

Declaration, Pleading, Affidavit, or other Instrument, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing enrolled, recorded, or filed in any of the said Courts, for each and every Office Sheet of Seventy-two Words, and for every fractional Part of such Sheet -004

Copy issuing from any Office of the said Courts of

any Rule or Order - - 0 2 0

Judgment — On the Requisition for the Entry of any Judgment, final or interlocutory, of whatsoever Nature, and whether on Cognovit Actionem or otherwise, in any of the said Courts, save and

1805. Law Fund Dudes (Ireland). Cap. 114.

except any final Judgment in any Action £ s. d.

wherein an interlocutory Judgment shall have been entered -0 10 0

Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgment in any of the said Courts, for each Judgment assigned -076

Order or Rule. — On the Requisition for the Entry of any Order or Rule made or granted in any Cause or Matter in any of the said Courts, in open Court or in Chamber, or by Side Bar, or by way of Fiat or otherwise, whether the same shall be issued or not - 0 4 0

Pleadings. — Declaration, Plea, Demurrer, Suggestion, Consent for Judgment, or other Pleading whatsoever, filed in any of the said Courts - 0 4 0

Postea. — On the Requisition for any Rule on

Postea - 100

Record for Nisi Prius. — On every Transcript of Record for Trial at Nisi Prius, or for the Court of Error, or for any similar Purpose, for the entire thereof, whatever Number of Words, may be contained therein - - 1 0 0

Report in any Cause or Matter in any of the Baid

Courts - 0 10 0

Summons issued by any Officer for taxing Law Costs, or by any Officer of the said Courts for any Purpose whatever, for each Summons - 0 2 6

Writs. — On every Writ, Mandate, or Subpoena, or other Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of any of the said Courts under the Seal thereof, in or for the Purpose of any Action, Matter, or Proceeding, before or after Judgment - 0 4 0

General Exemptions from the foregoing Duties.

All Proceedings by or on behalf of any Person legally admitted to sue or defend in form& Pauperis.

Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps.

To any licensed Retailer of Stamps who shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the Stamp Office to be stamped with the above Duties or any of them to the Amount in the Total of Twenty Pounds or upwards, an Allowance after the Rato of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds upon prompt Payment of the said Duty.

fXo. G5. Price 2c/.]

3 T

1023

Friendly Societiet.

13 & 14 VICT.

Repeal of 10 6.4. c. 56.

2 & 3 W.4, c. 37.

4&SW.4.

c. 4a

3 & 4 Vict. c. 73.

9 & 10 Vict. 0.27.

Objects for which Friendly Societies may be established.

Cap. 115.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS many Societies have been established in Great Britain and Ireland for the Purpose of affording Relief and Maintenance to the Members thereof in Sickness, old Age, or Infirmity, and for other Purposes of a provident and benevolent Nature; and it is expedient to amend the

Laws relating to such Friendly Societies, and to make further Provision for Protection of the Members against Fraud

and Misapplication of their Funds, and to consolidate the in One Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's

same

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Second Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, by extending the Time within which pre-existing Societies must conform to the Provisions of that Act; and also an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Acts relating to Friendly Societies; and also an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except so far as any of the said Acts repeal the whole or any Part of any other Acts, and except so far as the same may be applicable to any Benefit Building Society established under an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth: Provided nevertheless, that such Repeal shall not invalidate or affect anything which has been done before the passing of this Act in pursuance of any of the said Acts: Provided also, that the Provisions of the said Acts, except as herein-after provided, shall continue in force, as to all Societies established under any or either of them before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Number of Persons to establish a Society or Branch of the same under the Provisions of this Act, for the Purpose of raising by voluntary Subscriptions of the Members thereof, with or without the

.1850. Friendly Societies. Cap. 115.

the Aid of Donations, a Fund for any of the following Objects; that is to say,

1. For insuring a Sum of Money to be paid, on the Death of a Member, to the Widower or Widow of a Member, as the Case may be, or to the Child, or to the Executors, Administrators, or*. Assigns, of such Member, or for defraying the Expense of the Burial of a Member, or of the Husband, Wife, Child, or Kindred of a Member; subject always to the Restrictions herein-after enacted in that Behalf:

2. For the Relief, Maintenance, or Endowment of the Members, their Husbands, Wives, Children, or Kindred, in Infancy, old Age, Sickness, Widowhood, or any other natural State of which the Probability may be calculated by way of Average:

3. For insuring or making good any Loss or Damage of live or dead Stock, Goods or Stock in Trade, Implements and Tools, sustained by any Member by Fire, Flood, Shipwreck, or any Contingency of which the Probability may be calculated by way of Average:

4. For the frugal Investment of the Savings of the Members for better enabling them to purchase Food, Firing, Clothes, or other Necessaries, or the Tools, Implements, or Materials of their Trade or Calling, or to provide for the Education of their Children or Kindred: Provided, that the Shares in any such Investment Society shall not be transferable, and that the Investment of each Member shall accumulate or be employed for the sole Benefit of the Member investing, or of the Husband, Wife, Children, or Kindred of such Member, and that no Part thereof shall be appropriated to the Relief, Maintenance, or Endowment of any other Person whomsoever; and that the whole Amount of the Balance due, according to the Rules of such Society, to such Member, shall be paid to him or her on withdrawing from such Society:

5. For the Purpose of enabling any Member, or the Husband, Wife, or Children, or Nominee, of such Member, to emigrate; provided that, in case of any Society for that Purpose, One of the Trustees shall be a Justice of the Peace residing in and acting for the County, Borough, or Place in which such Society shall be established:

6. For any Purpose which shall be certified to be legal in England or Ireland by Her Majesty's Attorney General, or in Scotland by the Lord Advocate, as a Purpose to which the Powers and Facilities of this Act ought to be extended:

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Society or Branch established under this Act to assure the Payment to or on the Death of any Member, or on any Contingency, or for any of the Purposes for which the Payment of Sums may be assured under this Act, of any Sum exceeding One hundred

3 T 2 by

1025

Act limited to Societies not assuring above 100/., or Annuity of 30/., or Allowance of 20*. per Week in Sickneat.

No Sum to be paid on the Death ofa Child except for Funeral.

Certificate of Surgeon or Coroner required before Money is paid on Death of a Member.

Power to repeal or alter Rules, and appoint Committee and Officers.

Cap. 115, Friendly Societies. 13 & 14 VICT.

Pounds, nor any Annuity exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum, nor a Sum in Sickness exceeding Twenty Shillings per Week.

III. And be it enacted, That in all Societies established under the Provisions of this Act, or of any Act relating to Friendly Societies, it shall not be lawful for the Trustees or other Officers of such Societies to assure a Sum of Money to be paid on the Death of a Child, whether a Member of such Society or not, under the Age of Ten Years, except the actual Funeral Expenses, not exceeding Three Pounds in case of such Child, to be paid to the Undertaker or Person by whom the Burial is conducted, and whose Receipt alone shall be sufficient Discharge to the Society, nor to pay any Sum of Money which may have been insured and become payable on the Death of any Member thereof, or of the Husband, Wife, or Child of any Member, unless the Party applying for the same shall produce and deliver to the Officer a Certificate, signed by a Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary, or Coroner, in the Form (D.) set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, except in Cases where from the Nature of the Circumstances it is impossible to procure such Certificate; and if any Officer of such Society shall pay or cause to be paid such Sum of Money as aforesaid without such Certificate as aforesaid, such Officer shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recoverable before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of any Borough where such Society is established; and, upon Conviction thereof, one Half of the said Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and he is hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in this Case, and the other Half shall be paid to the Overseer of the Parish in which the Place of Business of such Society or Branch is situated, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor therein.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons intending to establish under the Provisions of this Act a Friendly Society or Branch thereof to make or adopt Rules for the Government and Guidance of the same, and to make such Provision in the Rules as they shall think fit, for ordaining, repealing, altering, or amending any Rules, and to impose reasonable Fines and Forfeitures on any Member offending against the Regulations of the same, and to form a General Committee or Board of Management, and to delegate to the same all or any of the Powers given by this Act, to be executed either with respect to the Management of the Society or Branch, or the Enactment, Amendment, Repeal, or Alteration of the Rules thereof; and in such Rules there shall distinctly be set forth,

1. The Name and Designation of such Society or Branch, and Place where the Business thereof is carried on, the whole of the Objects and Intentions for which it is founded, the whole of the Purposes to which the Funds thereof are applicable according to the Rules and Tables thereof, and the Conditions under which any Member, or Party claiming under or by a Member, may become entitled to any Benefit assured thereby:

r

2. Tbs

1850. Friendly Societies* Cap. 115.

2. The Manner of making, repealing, or altering Rules, of appointing Trustees, a Treasurer, and an Officer who shall keep the Books and Accounts, and prepare the Returns required by this Act, a General Board or Committee of Management, and the Duties and Powers of each:

3. The Mode in which the Funds shall be invested:

4. The Manner in which Disputes between the Society or Branch, and any Member thereof, or Person claiming on account or through any Member, shall be settled.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Rules of every such Society or Branch shall provide that all Monies received or paid on account of each and every particular Fund or Benefit assured to the Members thereof, their Husbands, Wives, Children, or Kindred, for which a separate Table of Contributions payable shall have been adopted, shall be entered in a separate Account distinct from the Monies received and paid on account of any other Benefit or Fund.

VI. And be it enacted, That such Society or Branch shall not be deemed to be legally established under this Act, nor be entitled to any of the Provisions of the same, unless the Rules and every Amendment of Rules or Tables made from Time to Time thereof shall have been duly certified by the Registrar as herein-after provided.

VII. And be it enacted, That Two printed or written Copies of all Rules and Tables adopted by such Society or Branch, together with the Name and Residence of every Trustee thereof, signed by Three Members, and countersigned by the Clerk or Steward or other Officer, with all convenient Speed after the same shall be made, altered, or amended, and so from Time to Time after every making, altering, or amending thereof, shall be transmitted to the Registrar of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, or Ireland, as the Case may be; and so soon as the said Registrar shall find the said Rules to be framed in conformity with Law, and that no Rule or Part thereof is repugnant to another, and that the same are reasonable and proper, he shall register the same; and if such Rules and Tables have been certified under the Hand of the Actuary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, or by some other Actuary who shall have been for more than Five Years an Actuary of some Life Assurance Company established in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, in the Form set forth in Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, and signed by him at the Foot both of the Rules and Tables, or shall have been furnished to such Society or Branch by the Registrar, the Registrar shall give a Certificate in the Form set forth in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, and such Society or Branch shall be denominated Certified Friendly Society; but if such Rules and Tables shall not have been so certified by an Actuary as above mentioned, in such Case the Registrar shall give a Certificate in the Form set forth in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and such Society or Branch shall be denominated Registered Friendly Society; and the Registrar

1027

Separate

Accounts to be kept of Money paid and re* ceived for each particular Fund or Benefit.

Society or Branch not legally established till Kulei certified.

Registrar to give Certificate.

Certified Friendly Societies.

Registered

Societies.

Societies granting Annuities to have Tables of such Annuities certified by Actuary.

Fees to be paid to Registrar for Certificates.

Appointment and Salary of Registrar.

Treasurer to give Bond.

shall return one of the Copies to the Society or Branch, and shall keep the other in such Manner as shall be from Time to Time directed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and all Rules, Alterations or Amendments thereof, when certified as aforesaid, shall be binding on the several Members, and all Persons claiming by or under them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Registrar to grant any Certificate to any Society assuring to any Member thereof a certain Annuity, deferred or immediate, unless the Tables of Contributions payable for such Kind of Assurance shall have been certified by an Actuary as aforesaid or furnished by the Registrar.

IX. And be it enacted, That for every such Certificate of Rules of any Friendly Society a Fee of One Guinea shall be paid to the Registrar, and for every Certificate of Rules of any Branch of such Society a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Certificate of Amendment, Repeal, or Alter ration of Rules of any Society or Branch a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid to the Registrar. %

X. And be it enacted, That the future Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall hold Office during the Pleasure of the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to grant to the Registrar in England already appointed a Salary not exceeding One thousand Pounds by the Year, and to every Registrar in England hereafter to be appointed a Salary not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds by the Year, and to every Registrar in Ireland and Scotland respectively already or to be hereafter appointed such a Salary as to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall seem meet, and every such Salary shall be paid by Four equal quarterly Payments; and any Registrar who shall be appointed, or shall die, resign, or be removed from his Office, in the Interval between Two quarterly Days of Payment, shall be entitled to a Part of his Salary proportional to that Part of such Quarter of a Year during which he shall hold his Appointment.

XI. And be it enacted, That every Treasurer of any Society or Branch established under the Provisions of this Act, before he shall be admitted to take upon him the Execution of any such Office, shall become bound in a Bond according to the Form set forth in Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed, with Two sufficient Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office, and for rendering a just and true Account according to the Rules of such Society or Branch, in such penal Sum of Money as by the Trustees or Board of Management shall be deemed expedient; and every such Bond to be given by or on behalf of such Officer shall be given to the Trustees of the said Society or Branch for the Time being; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful to sue upon such Bond in the Name of the Trustees for the Time being, for the Use of the said Society

or

1860.

Friendly Societies *

Cap. 114. 1029

or Branch; provided that such Bond shall have in Scotland the same Force and Effect as a Bond in the Form in use in Scotland containing a Clause of Registration.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees or Treasurer for Trustees, &c. the Time being of any such Society or Branch, or of any Society mre8t Fuadf* already established under any of the Acts relating to Friendly Societies, shall and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, by and with the Consent of such Society or Branch, to be had and testified in such Manner as the Buies shall direct, to lay out and invest such Part of all Sums of Money as shall at any Time be collected, given, or paid to and for the Purposes of such Society, as may not be wanted for the immediate Use thereof, or to meet the usual accruing Liabilities of such Society or Branch, in the Names of such Trustees, in any Savings Bank^ subject to the Provisions of Acts in force relating to the same, or in any of the Parliamentary Stocks or Public Funds of Great Britain or Ireland, or at Interest upon Government Securities* or in Bank of England Stock, or in the Stock or Securities of the Honourable East India Company, or on Mortgage of Free* hold, Leasehold, or Copyhold Property, such Leasehold being for a Term of Years absolute of which not less than Thirty Years shall be unexpired, and such Copyhold being Copyhold of Inheritance, in Great Britain or Ireland, or on Security of any Heritable Property, or in any chartered or other public

Joint Stock Bank in Scotland, or in or upon the Security of County or Borough Bates authorized to be levied and mortgaged by any Act of Parliament, or on Loan to any Member of any such Society on the Security of any Policy of Assurance effected on his own Life, provided that the Amount of such Loan shall not exceed the actual estimated Value of such Policy at the Time such Loan be made; and from Time to Time, with such Consent as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such Securities and Funds, and to make Sale thereof respectively; and all Dividends, Interests, and Proceeds which shall from Time to Time arise from the Monies so laid out or invested as aforesaid shall be brought to account by such Trustees, and shall be applied to and for the Use of such Society or Branch, according to the Buies thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Treasurer as aforesaid, with the Consent of such Society or Branch as aforesaid, to purchase, hire, or take upon Lease any Boom or Premises for the Purpose of holding therein the Meetings of such Society or Branch, or for the Transaction of Business relating thereto, and to hold the same intrust in and for the Use of such Society or Branch, and to sell, exchange, let, and demise the same in whole or in part with the Consent as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Hereditaments, Monies, Property vested Goods, Chattels, and Effects whatever, and all Titles, Securities Trustee *, for Money, or other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all Bights or Claims, belonging to or had by such Society or Branch, shall be vested in the Trustees oy

3 T 4

Trustee

1030

Trustees may sue and be sued.

No Person to be deemed a Trustee until his Appointment shall hare been forwarded to the Registrar.

Limitation of Responsibility of Treasurer, &c.

Trustee for the Time being of the same, for the Use and Benefit of such Society or Branch, and the respective Members thereof, their respective Executors or Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interests, and after the Death or Removal of any Trustees or Trustee shall vest in the succeeding Trustees or Trustee for the same Estate and Interest as the former Trustees or Trustee had therein, and subject to the same Trusts, without any Conveyance or Assignment whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; and also shall, for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well criminal as civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be stated to be, the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Trustee of such Society for the Time being, in his or their proper Name or Names, without further Description; and such Persons or Person shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit, or Prosecution, criminal as well as civil, in any Court of Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid of or belonging to or had by such Society or Branch; and such Persons shall and may in all Cases concerning the Property, Right, or Claim aforesaid of such Society, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any Court of Law or Equity, in their or his proper Names or Name, as Trustees or Trustee of such Society or Branch, without other Description; and no such Suit, Action, or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or his Removal from the Office of Trustee, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Trustees or Trustee in the proper Name of the Person commencing the same, and such succeeding Trustees or Trustee shall pay or receive like Costs as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his or her Name, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Society or Branch: Provided always, that no Person shall be deemed to be a Trustee under the Meaning of this Act until the Resolution of the Society or Branch appointing him Trustee shall have been transmitted, under the Hand of Three Members of the Society or Branch, and signed by such Trustee, countersigned by the Clerk or other principal Officer, to the Registrar, to be by him deposited with the Rules of the Society or Branch in his Custody as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Treasurer or Trustee or other Officer of any Society or Branch established under the Authority of this Act shall be liable to make good any Deficiency which may arise in the Funds thereof unless he shall have declared, by Writing under his Hand, to be deposited with the Registrar, that he is willing so to be answerable; and it shall be lawful for each of such Persons to limit his Responsibility to such Sum as shall be specified in such

Writing:

Friendly Societies.

Cap. 115,

1031

Writing: Provided always, that every Treasurer, Trustee, and Treasurer, &c. other Officer shall be personally responsible and liable for all , "blc for, Monies actually received by him on account of or for the Use rc^WedT U ' of such Society or Branch.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees or other Officer Trustees to of every such Society or Branch in whose Charge the Accounts transmit annua of the said Society are kept shall once in every Year prepare

or cause to be prepared a General Statement of the Funds and Effects of such Society or Branch during the past Twelve Months, in such Form as shall enable the Registrar to make a Return under the several Heads set forth in Schedule (F.) to this Act annexed, as accurately as such Officer may be able to furnish the Information required, and shall transmit the same to the Registrar on some Day before the First of September in each Year; and every such Statement shall be attested by Two Trustees of such Society, and by the Auditor, if any such shall have been appointed, and shall be countersigned by the Officer who keeps the Accounts of such Society; and every Member shall be entitled to receive from the said Society a Copy of such Statement on Payment of Sixpence.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if in any Year such State- in default of ment shall not have been transmitted as aforesaid on or before *uch

the last Day of September, the Registrar shall give Notice to Capable of the Trustees of suen Society or Branch; and if the said State- bringing ment shall not have been transmitted on or before the last Action.

Day of December following, or if any fraudulent or wilfully false Return shall have been transmitted, such Trustees are hereby declared to be incapable of prosecuting any Action in any Court of Law or Equity on behalf of such Society or Branch until they shall have duly furnished to the Registrar such Statement as aforesaid.

XVII. And whereas it is desirable, for the better Secu- Quinquennial

rity of Friendly Societies, that correct Calculations of Tables of Payment and Allowances dependent on the Duration of ^r. g

Sickness and the Probabilities of Human Life should be con- 6tructed for their Assistance; and it is expedient to collect 9 Data and Facts resulting from the Experience of such 9 Societies from Time to Time, for the Purpose of correcting 9 such Calculations:* Be it enacted, That the Trustees or other Officers as aforesaid of every Society or Branch established under the Provisions of this Act, in which any Benefits are assured for an Allowance in Sickness, an Annuity, deferred or immediate, or a Sum to be paid on Death, shall, within Three Months after the Expiration of the Month of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and so again within Three Months after the Expiration of every Five Years succeeding, transmit to the Registrar a Return of the Rate of Sickness and Mortality experienced by the Society or Branch within the preceding Five Years, in such Form as shall be prepared for that Purpose, and furnished to the Trustees of every such Society or Branch, by the said Registrar, under the

Direction

Registrar to prepare Abstract of Returns for Parliament.

When Trustees shall be absent, &c. Registrar may order Stock to be trans. ferred and Dividends paid.

Act to be an Indemnity to the Bank.

Provisions of 39 G. 3. c. 79. and of 57 G. S. c. 19. not to extend to Friendly Societies under this Act.

Cap. 115. Friendly Societies* 13 & 14 VICT

Direction of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of

State.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Registrar shall cause to be made an Abstract and Report of all such annual and quinquennial Returns, and shall lay the same before One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and before both Houses of Parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Person in whose Name any Part of the several Stocks, Annuities, and Funds transferable at the Bank of England, or in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ is or shall be standing as a Trustee of any such Society or Branch, shall be out of England, Ireland) or Scotland respectively, or shall have been removed from his Office of Trustee, or shall be a Bankrupt, Insolvent, or Lunatic, or it shall be unknown whether such Trustee is living or dead, it shall be lawful for the Registrar to direct that the Accountant General, Secretary, or Deputy Secretary, or other proper Officer for the Time 'being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) do transfer in the Books of the said Company such Stock, Annuities, or Funds standing as aforesaid to and into the Name of the newly appointed Tnistee or Trustees, and also pay over to such Person or Persons as aforesaid the Dividends of such Stock, Annuities, or Funds; and whenever it shall happen that One or more only, and not all or both, of such Trustees as aforesaid, shall be so absent, or have been removed, or be a Bankrupt, Insolvent, or Lunatic, or it be unknown whether any One or more of such Trustees be living or dead, it shall be lawful for the said Registrar to direct that the other and others of such Trustees do transfer such Stock, Annuities, or Funds to or into the Name of such Person so appointed Trustee as aforesaid, jointly with the continuing Trustees, if any, and also receive and pay over the Dividends of such Stock, Annuities, or Funds, as such Society shall direct.

XX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Officers and Servants, for all Acts and Things done pursuant hereto; and such Acts and Things shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditious and treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices, and also of another Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the mare effectual preventing seditious Meetings and Assembliest shall not extend to any Society or Branch established under this Act in which Benefits are assured to the Members depending on. the T Laws

i85a

Friendly Societies. Cap. 115. 1033

Laws of Sickness and Mortality, or to any Meeting of the Members or Officers thereof, in which Society or Branch or at which Meeting no Business whatever is transacted other than that which directly and immediately relates to the Objects of the Society or Branch , as declared in the Rules thereof, as they are set forth in the certified Copy thereof: Provided always, that the Trustees or other Officers of such Society or Branch, when required under the Hand of Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall give full Information to such Justices of the Nature, Objects, Proceedings, and Practices of such Society or Branch, and in default thereof the Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be in force with regard to such Society or Branch.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise Disputes be-between the Members, or Person claiming under or on account t"*1 Society of any Member, of any Society or Branch established under " be^tUed* this Act, and the Trustees, Treasurer, or other Officer or Com- according to mittee thereof, it shall be settled in such Manner as the Rules Rule8-of such Society or Branch shall direct, and the Decision so made shall be binding and conclusive; but if such Dispute be Questions of of such Kind that for the Settlement of it, according to the b° Laws now in force, recourse must be had to One of Her county Court, Majesty's Courts of Equity, or to the Court of Session, it may or Sheriff Court be referred, at the Option of either Party, to the Judge of the of Scotland. County Court or of the Sheriff Court in Scotland, who shall proceed ex partey on Notice in Writing to the other of the said Parties being left at his usual Place of Residence or Abode Ten Days previously; and he is hereby authorized to require of all -Parties who are or may have been Members, Trustees, or Officers of such Society to produce before him all Books or other Documents relating to the Concerns of such Society; and thereupon, if he shall so think fit, it shall be lawful for him to determine the said Dispute, and to displace any such Trustee or Officer, or to make such Award as the Justice of the Case, in his Opinion, may require, and such Decision or Award shall be binding and conclusive.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if it shall be provided by Rule* for the Rules of such Society or Branch that Disputes which may Arbitration, arise between any Member thereof and the Trustees, Committee, or Officers on the Part of the Society shall be settled by Rule*. Arbitration, the Number of Arbitrators and Mode of Election shall be stated in the Rules; and in case any of such Arbitrators shall at any Time neglect or refuse to act, the Members of such Society or Branch at a General Meeting, or General Committee thereof, are hereby required forthwith to elect and appoint some other Person to be an Arbitrator in his Place; and the Rules shall direct in what Manner such Arbitrators, or any of them, shall proceed to determine such Disputes; and the Award so made by them, or so many as may be appointed for the Purpose, according to the Rules, shall be final and binding on all Parties without Appeal, and shall not be removed to any Court

1034

Justices may enforce the Award.

If no Arbitrators appointed, or no Award given, Justices may decide.

Cap. 115. friendly Societies* 13 & 14 Vict#

of Law or Equity; and if either of the said Parties shall refuse or neglect to comply with or conform to the Decision of the said Arbitrators, or the major Part of them, it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Society shall be established, upon good and sufficient Proof being adduced before him of such Award having been made, and of the Refusal of the Party to comply therewith, upon Complaint made by or on behalf of the Party aggrieved, to summon the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons, and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof upon due Proof upon Oath of the Service of such Summons, to make such Order thereupon as may to him seem just; and if the Sum of Money awarded, together with the Sum for Costs, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, as to such Justice shall seem meet, shall not be immediately paid, then such Justice shall, by Warrant under his Hand, cause such Sum and Costs as aforesaid to be levied by Distress, or by Distress and Sale of the Monies, Goods, Chattels, Securities, and Effects belonging to the said Party or to the said Society, together with all further Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale or other legal Proceedings, returning the Overplus (if any) to the said Party, or to the said Society, or to One of the Trustees thereof; and in default of such Distress being found, or in case of such other legal Proceeding being ineffectual, then to be levied by Distress and Sale of the proper Goods of the said Party or of the Officer of the said Society so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with such further Costs and Charges as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner: Provided always, that whatever Sums shall he paid by any such Officer so levied on his or her Property or Goods in pursuance of the Award of Arbitrators, or Order of any Justice, shall be repaid, with all Damages accruing to him or her, by and out of the Monies belonging to such Society, or out of the first Monies which shall be thereafter received by such Society.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if the Rules of any such Friendly Society or Branch shall have provided for the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration, but no Arbitrator shall have been appointed, or no Award shall have been made within Forty Days after such Complaint has been made to the Officers of such Society or Branch, or if the Rules shall have directed that any Dispute between the Members and the Trustees or other Officer on the Committee of Management shall be settled by Justices of the Peace, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting in the County or Borough in which the principal Business of the Society or Branch is carried on, on Complaint being made to him by any Member, or Person claiming under a Member thereof, of any Matter in dispute between him and such Society or Branch, to summon the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and

Place

1035

1850. Frienily Societies* Cap. 115,

Place to be named in such Summons; and upon his Appearance, or in default thereof upon due Proof on Oath of the Service of such Summons, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to proceed to hear and determine the said Complaint; and in case the said Justices shall order any Sum of Money to be paid by such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, and such Person shall not pay the same to the Person and at the Time specified by such Justices, they shall proceed to enforce their Order in the Manner herein-before directed to be used in case of any Neglect to comply with the Decision of the Arbitrators appointed under the Authority of this Act,

XXV. And be it enacted, That in case any Member of any incaseMember such Society or Branch shall have been expelled from such Is unjustly Society, and the Award of the Arbitrators or the Order of the Justices shall direct that he or she shall be reinstated, it shall tices may direct be lawful for such Arbitrators to award or Justices to order, in such Member default of such Reinstatement, such a Sum of Money to be paid to such Member by the Trustees of such Society as to such Ar- may award a bitrators or Justices may seem just and reasonable, which said Sum of Com-Sum of Money, if not paid, shall be recoverable from the said Society or Branch, or the Treasurer, Trustee, or other Officer, in the same Way as any Money awarded by Arbitrators is recoverable under this Act.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That for the more effectually in case of preventing Fraud and Imposition on the Funds of such Socie- Frau.d or Im* ties, if any Officer, Member, or any other Person being, or ^d^Justic^ representing himself to be, a Member of such Society or Branch, may summon or the Nominee, Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of any the Parties, Member thereof, or any other Person whatever, shall in or by any false Representation or Imposition obtain Possession of the Monies, Securities, Books, Papers, or other Effects of such Society or Branch, or any Part thereof, or having the same in his or her Possession shall withhold or misapply the same, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace acting in the County or Borough in which the principal Place of Business of such Society is situated, upon Complaint made on Oath or Affirmation by an Officer of such Society or Branch appointed for that Purpose, to summon such Person against whom such Complaint shall be made to appear at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and upon his or her Appearance, or in default thereof upon due Proof upon Oath or Affirmation of the Service of such Summons, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting in the County or Borough aforesaid to hear and determine the said Complaint; and upon due Proof of such Upon Proof Fraud the said Justices shall convict the said Party, and award ^r^ad*Jms* double the Amount of the Money so obtained or withheld to be awddoubie paid to the Treasurer, to be applied by him to the Purposes of the Amount the Society or Branch, or order the said Securities, Books, obtained» Papers, or other Effects to be delivered to the Society or Branch, together with such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and

in

1036

13 & 14 VICT.

If Money awarded Is not paid, the same may be levied by Distress.

, In default of Distress Of *

fender may be committed to Prison.

Orders of Justices to be final, and not removable into Court of Law, &c.

Treasurers & c. to render Accounts and upon Demand pay over Monies, &c. to Party appointed by Society, &c .;

Cap. 116. Frfatdty Societies;

in case such Person gainst whom such Complaint shall be made shall not pay the Sum of Money so awarded, to the Person and at the Time specified in the said Order to deliver the said Effects as aforesaid, such Justices are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person on whom such Order shall have been made, or by other legal Proceeding/ together with such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale or other legal Proceeding, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and in default of such Distress being found, or of such Effects as aforesaid being returned, the said Justices of the Peace shall commit such Person so proved to have offended to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months as to them shall seem fit: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Society or Branch from proceeding by Indictment or Complaint against the Party complained of; and provided also, that no Party shall be proceeded against by Indictment or Complaint if a previous Conviction has been obtained for the same Offence under the Provisions of this Act.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every Sentence, Order, and Adjudication of Justices under this Act shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be subject to Appeal, and shall not be removed or removable into any Court of Law, or restrained or restrainable by the Injunction of any Court of Equity; and that no Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction shall be competent: Provided always, that in Scotland the Sheriff, within his County, shall have such and the like Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction which is in this Act conferred upon any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and shall exercise the same in such and the like Form and Manner os is used in Cases of a summary Nature, and in the Recovery of Small Debts in the County Court.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects, or Funds of or belonging to any such Society or Branch, or shall in any Manner have been or shall be intrusted with the Disposal, Management, or Custody thereof, or of any Securities, Books, Papers, or Property relating to the same, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall, upon Demand made, or Notice in Writing given or left at the last or usual Place of Residence of such Persons, in pursuance of any Order of not less than Two Trustees or Three Members of the Committee or Board of Management, give in his Account at the usual Meeting of such Society or Branch, or to such Committee or Board of Management, -to be examined and allowed or disallowed; and shall, on the like Demand or Notice, pay 'over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and assign and

transfer

.1850* Friendly Societies. Cap. 115.

transfer or deliver all Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property, in his Hands or Custody, to the Treasurer or Trustee for the Time being, or to such [other Person as such Committee or Board of Management shall appoint; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to

Sy over such Monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such purities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property, in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Members of every such Society, or Committee or Board of Management thereof, in the Name of the Treasurer or Trustee or other Officer thereof, to apply by Petition to the Registrar, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein as to such Registrar, in his Discretion, shall seem just.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That on any Proceedings before the said Registrar he shall be authorized to inspect and to require the Production before him of all Books or other Documents relating to the Matter in dispute, and to administer an Oath to any Witness appearing before him; and every Person who upon such Oath shall wilfully and corruptly give any false Evidence before such Registrar shall be deemed to be guilty of Perjury#

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders made by the Registrar under the Provisions of this Act shall be final and binding on all Parties, without Appeal; and all Assignments, Orders, Transfers, or Sales made in pursuance of such Order shall be valid and effectual in Law; and if any Person shall refuse or neglect to obey such Order, and shall be convicted thereof, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State from Time to Time to fix reasonable Fees to be paid on any such Proceedings before the Registrar, and all such Fees shall be paid in the first instance by the Trustees of the Society or Branch; and the Registrar shall determine in and by his Award or Order by which of the Parties and in what Proportion the Expense of such Fees shall be finally borne; and the Trustees of such Society or Branch, having paid such Fees, shall be entitled to recover them from the Party or Parties against whom they shall be so awarded.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That on the Trial of any Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding respecting the Property of any Society established under the Provisions of this Act, or in* any Proceedings before any Justice of the Peace, Judge of the County Court, or the Registrar, any Member of such Society shall be a competent Witness, and shall not be objected to on account of any Interest he may have as such Member in the Result of such Action, Indictment, or other Proceeding.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That a Minor may become a Member of any such Society or Branch, and be is hereby empowered to execute all Instruments, and give all necessary

Acquittances;

1037

find in ease of Neglect Application may be

made to the Registrar, who shall proceed thereupon in a summary Way.

On such Reference Registrar may inspect Books and administer Oaths. False Evidence Perjury.

Orders, Sec, to be binding without Appeal.

Secretary of State to fix Amount of Fees payable on Reference, and Registrar to determine who shall pay them.

Member of Friendly Society may be a Witness.

Minors may bi Members, and have legal Authority id mot,

but not to hold Office.

Consent necessary for Dissolution of Society.

Rules, &c. under Hand of Registrar to be received without Proof of Signature.

Executors, &c. of Officers of certified Friendly So *

Cap. 115.

Friendly Societies»

13 & 14 VICT.

Acquittances; provided always, that such Minor shall not be competent during his Minority to hold any Office as Director, Trustee, Treasurer, or Manager in such Society or Branch.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Members of any such Society or Branch, by any Buie or Order or Resolution, to dissolve or determine such Society or Branch, so lonpr as the Intents or Purposes declared by the Rules of such Society, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without obtaining the Votes of Consent of Five Sixths in Value of the then existing Members, to be ascertained in manner herein-after mentioned, and also the Consent of all Persons then receiving or then entitled to receive Relief either on account of Sickness, Age, or Infirmity, to be testified under their Hands individually and respectively; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Votes of such Five Sixths in Value every Member shall be entitled to One Vote, and an additional Vote for every Five Years that he may have been a Member; provided also, that no One Member shall have more than Five Votes in the whole; and in all Cases of Dissolution the intended Appropriation or Division of the Funds or other Property shall be fairly and distinctly stated in the proposed Plan of Dissolution prior to such Consent being given; and it shall not be lawful for such Society or Branch by any Rule to direct the Division' or Distribution of such Stock or Fund, or any Part thereof, to or amongst the several Members of such Society, other than for carrying into effect the general Intents and Purposes declared by the Rules originally certified; and all such Rules for the Dissolution or Determination thereof without such Consent as aforesaid, or for the Distribution or Division of the Stock or Funds contrary to the Rules, shall be void and of none Effect; and in the event of such Division or Misappropriation of the Funds without the Consent hereby declared to be requisite, any Trustee or other Officer or Person aiding or abetting therein shall be liable to the like Penalties os are in this Act provided in Cases of Fraud: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Two or more Societies or Branches to become united or incorporated in One Society or Branch, upon such Terms as shall be approved by the major Part of the Trustees and Board of Management of both Societies or Branches.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That all Rules, Alteration of Rules, Transcript or Copy of or Extracts from all Rules and Alteration of Rules, and all Awards, Writings, and Documents, of what Nature or Kind soever, relating to any "Society or Branch, directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be certified by the Registrar, and purporting to be signed by him, shall, in the Absence of any Evidence to the contrary, be received in all Courts of Law and Equity and elsewhere, without Proof of the Signature thereto.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person appointed to any Office in any Friendly Society or Branch thereof established under this Act, and being intrusted with the keeping of

Friendly Societies.

Cap. 115.

1039

the Accounts, or having in his Hands or Possession, by virtue detles to pay of his said Office or Employment, any Monies or Effects Money due to belonging thereto, or any Deeds or Securities relating to the ^, efore same, shall die, or become a Bankrupt or Insolvent, or have Debts, within any Execution or Attachment or other Process issued, or Action Forty or Diligence raised, against his Lands, Goods, Chattels, or Effects, or Property or Estate, heritable or moveable, or make any Assignment, Disposition, Assignation, or other Conveyance thereof, for the Benefit of his Creditors, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assignees, or other Persons having legal Right, or the Sheriff or other Officer executing such Process, or the Party using such Action or Diligence, shall, within Forty Days after Demand made in Writing by the Order of any such Society or Branch, or of not less than Three of the Committee of Management assembled at any Meeting thereof, deliver and pay over all Monies and other Things belonging to such Society or Branch to such Person as such Society or Committee shall appoint, and shall pay out of the Estates,

Assets, or Effects, heritable or moveable, of such Person, all Sums of Money remaining due which such Person received bjr virtue of his said Office or Employment, before any other of his Debts are paid or satisfied, or before the Money directed to be levied by such Process as aforesaid, or which may be recovered or recoverable under such Diligence, is paid over to the Party issuing such Process or using such Diligence; and all such Assets, Lands, Goods, Chattels, Property, Estates, and Effects shall be bound to the Payment and Discharge thereof accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person after the passing of this Act shall become a Member of more than One Society or Branch, and thereby be entitled to certain Benefits on account of the same Kind of Assurance from more than One Society or Branch, it shall not be lawful for him to claim or receive such Benefit from any or either Society or Branch without signing a Declaration that the joint Value or Amount of all the Benefits in any Ohe Kind of Assurance to which he may be entitled from any Society or Societies, Branch or Branches, of which he may be a Member, does not in the aggregate exceed the Amount of One hundred Pounds in One Sum, or an Annuity of Thirty Pounds per Annum, or a Sum in Sickness of Twenty Shillings per Week; and in case such Declaration shall not be true, such Member shall be liable to the Penalties herein-before enacted in case of Fraud.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any certified Society, or certified Branch thereof, established under this Act, to pay directly into the Bank of England any Sum of Money not less than Fifty Pounds to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Treasurer or Trustees of such Society or Branch, or any Two or more of them, that such

Member be *

longing to more than One Society not to be entitled to Bene, fits exceeding 1002., or SO*. Annuity, or 90*. Sickness.

Power to certified Societies to invest Monies with National Debt Commissioners, upon Declaration that they belong exclusively to the Society.

Monies belonging exclusively to the Society or Branch for which such Payment is intended to be made; and the Cashier of the Bank of England is hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the same to the Account raised in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Time being in the Books of the Bank, denominated " The Fund for Friendly ntionnotuiie Societies and in case such Declaration shall not be true, then Money to be and in every such Case the Sum of Money paid in on such forfeited and Declaration shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners, and mner directed by them in the Manner directed by an Act passed in

by 9G.4.C, 92. the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks; and all the Clauses and Provisions of the Acts for the Time being in force relating to Savings Banks, with respect to the Account of such Banks, and the Regulation of Receipts, Certificates, or Orders concerning the same, shall be applicable to the Monies so paid in as aforesaid under the Authority of this Act, as if the same had been repeated herein; and every such Society or Branch shall, on paying Money directly into the Bank as aforesaid, be entitled to receive Receipts bearing Interest at the Rate of Two-pence per Centum per Diem: Provided always, that no fractional Part less than One Penny shall be allowed or paid as Interest upon the Principal Sum contained in such Receipt

Powers of

Attorney, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty.

For Payment of Sums not exceeding 501. When Members 'die intestate.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That, except as herein-after provided, no Order of the Registrar, or Copy of Rules, Power, Warrant, or Letter of Attorney granted by any Person as Trustee of any Society or Branch established under this Act, for the Transfer of any Share in the Public Funds standing in the Name of such Trustee, nor any Receipt for Money contributed to the Funds of any such Society or Branch, or received by any Member, his Executors, Administrators, Assigns, or Attornies, from the Funds of such Society, nor any Bond to be given to or on account of any such Society or Branch, or by the Treasurer or Trustee or any Officer thereof, nor any Draft or Order, nor any Form of Policy, nor any Appointment of any Agent, nor any Certificate or other Instrument for the Revocation of any such Appointment, nor any other Document whatever required or authorized by or in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty.

XL. And be it enacted, That when on the Death of any Member of any such certified Friendly Society, or any certified Branch, or of any Friendly Society already established, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being of such Society, if they shall be satisfied that no Will was made and left by such deceased Member, and that no Letters of Administration or Confirmation will be taken out of the Funds, Goods, and Chattels of such Depositor, to pay the same to the Widower or

Widow

.1860. Friendly Societies. Cap. 115. 1041

Widow of such Member, as the Case may be, or to the Child of such Member, if so directed by any Rule of Such Society or Branch, and in case there shall be no such Direction, then to pay and divide the same to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the Effects of the deceased Intestate, without taking out Letters of Administration in England and Ireland, and without Confirmation in Scotland.

XLI. And be it enacted, That whenever the Trustees of Payments to any certified Friendly Society or Branch, at any Time after the fen^°TUfim Decease of any Member, shall have paid and divided any Sum teesto be enti-of Money to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall at tied to Effects of the Time of such Payment appear to such Trustees to be entitled to the Effects of any deceased intestate Member, the Payment va]id - but next of any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be valid and effectual of Kin, &c. to with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons haT*eJ^y as next of Kin of such deceased intestate Member, or as the p^y who re-lawful Representative or [Representatives of such Member, ceive* the same* against the Funds of such Society or Branch or against the Trustees thereof; but nevertheless such next of Kin or Representatives shall have Remedy for such Money so paid as aforesaid against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

XLII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing Payment on of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Society established Death of Mem-under any Act hereby repealed to grant any Assurance whereby Jj1Exwnon^* the Sum assured on the Death of the Member shall be payable &c., and not to to any Nominee or to any other Person than the Widower or Nominee*. Widow of a Member, as the Case may be, or the Child, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Member, or in ease the Member shall die intestate, and the Sum payable on his Death shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, to the Person whom the Trustees shall consider entitled to the Goods and Effects of the Member so dying intestate: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Power, Privilege, or Exemption in respect of any Assurance legally made or granted before the passing of this Act under the Provisions of any of the Acts hereby repealed: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Such Society to add to its Rules a Rule or Rules whereby any Sum payable on the Death of a Member may be made payable to the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Member.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no Friendly Society or Branch established under any Act now in force relating to Friendly Societies shall, from and after the passing of this Act, invest with be entitled or authorized to pay directly into the Bank of National Debt England any Sum of Money to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, except so much surances made as may be paid on account of Assurances made previous to before passing the passing of this Act by any Society which has already ofthls Act-invested its Funds or any Part thereof with the said Commis-. 3 U 2 sioners:

1042

Declaration to be; made by Trustees on Investment *

If Declaration not true, Money to be forfeited^ and applied as' directed by 9 G. 4. c. 92.

Exemption from Stamp Duty not applicable to Societies grant* ing Assurances above the Limits of this Act.

Societies established under repealed Acts to be entitled to Exemptions and Privileges of this Act, &c.

Societies not to re-deposit with National Debt Commissioners without Consent of Comptroller General.

Cap. 115. Friendly Societies. 13 & 14 VICT.

sioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of any Society established under any of the Acts hereby repealed, and which shall have invested its Funds with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt before the passing of this Act, to Receipts bearing Interest at such Rate as such Society were entitled to receive under the Provisions of the said Acts, for any Monies invested or hereafter to be invested with the said Commissioners on accouat of Assurances made before the passing of this Act.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act a Declaration shall be made by the Trustees of every Friendly Society established as aforesaid, on the Payment into the Bank of England of any Sum of Money to the Account of the said Commissioners, that such Payment is on account of Assurances made previous to the passing of this Act, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct; and in case such Declaration shall not be true, then and in every such Case the Sum of Money paid on such Declaration shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners, to be applied by them in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks.

XLV. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said Acts now in force relating to Friendly Societies shall be construed to extend to grant any Exemption from Stamp Duty to any Friendly Society enrolled or certified under the said Acts which shall after the passing of this Act assure the Payment to or on the Death of any Member, or on any Contingency or for any Purpose to which the Payment of Sums may be assured under this Act, of a Sum exceeding One hundred Pounds, or of any Annuity exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum9 or of a Sam in Sickness not exceeding Twenty Shillings per Week.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Society duly enrolled or certified under any Act hereby repealed which shall not after the passing of this Act assure the Payment to or on the Death of any Member, or on any Contingency or for any Purpose for which the Payment of Sums may be assured under this Act, exceeding One hundred Pounds, or an Annuity exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum, or any Sum in Sickness exceeding Twenty Shillings per Week, shall enjoy all the Exemptions and Privileges in this Act conferred upon any Society established under the Provisions of this Act.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Friendly Society already established, nor any certified Society or certified Branch thereof, which has already invested or may hereafter invest any Money with the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, shall be entitled to re-deposit any Monies with them, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, or of the Comptroller General or Assistant Comptroller in their Behalf.

1850. Friendly Societies. Cap. 115. 1048

XLVIII. And whereas several benevolent and charitable Provisions of

Institutions and Societies are formed by voluntary Subscrip- ^lsaA Heato

tions and Benefactions for the Purpose of relieving the pby- benevolent end

eical Wants and Necessities of Persons in distressed Circum- charitable So-

stances, and it is expedient to afford some Protection to the fletle?formed

Funds thereof:* Be it therefore enacted, That if the Rules of Subariplbn, any such Institution or Society, and all Alterations and Amend- &c., if Rules ments thereof, shall be registered under the Provisions of this ?re registered P Act, then and in that Case the Clauses and Provisions herein thisAc^ ° contained, so far as the same relate to the giving of Security from any Treasurer or other Officer or Person, and to the vesting of the Effects in the Trustees for the Time being, and to their suing and being sued, and as to the Liability of the Treasurer or Trustee or other Officer, and to the protecting, securing, or recovering the Funds vested or being in such Treasurer or Trustees, and for enforcing the rendering of Accounts by him or them, shall be extended to all and every such Institution or Society, which shall have and enjoy and be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, with respect to the several Matters as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as any Friendly Society or Branch registered under this Act can or may have or enjoy the same.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Construction Act, unless there shall be something in the Subject Matter or of Terms* Context repugnant thereto, the Word " Society" shall include every Branch thereof; the Word "County" shall include County,

Riding, Division, Borough, or Place; the Word " Justice " shall include Mayor, High Bailiff, Sheriff in Scotland, or other Magistrate; the Word "Registrar" shall signify the Registrar of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, or Ireland, as the Case may be; Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number; and Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females.

L. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, Public Act, and shall extend to Great Britain and Ireland and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man.

LI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be in force for Act to be in One Year from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End Y^/°r °n° of the then next Session of Parliament.

LIL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act h repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amen *&c '

3 U 3

1044

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A)

Form of Registrar's Certificate to Rules of Registered Friendly Societies.

I hereby certify, That these Rules [or Alterations of Rules] are in conformity to Law and to the Provisions of the Statute in force relating to Registered Friendly Societies.

A.B.

The Registrar of Friendly Societies in England [Ireland or Scotland].

Day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Registrars Certificate to Rules of Certified Friendly Societies.

I hereby certify, That these Rules [or Alterations of Rules] are in conformity to Law and to the Provisions of the Statute in force relating to Certified Friendly Societies.

Afl.

The Registrar of Friendly Societies in England [Ireland or Scotland].

Day of

SCHEDULE (C)

Form of Actuary*s Cei tificate.

I hereby certify. That the preceding Table or

Tables, to each of which my Name is subscribed, may be fairly and safely adopted for the Purposes of the Society,

subject to the Terms, Conditions, and Provisions of Clauses Nos. of the Rules, to each of which my Initials are

affixed: And I hereby declare, that I consider each of the said Tables fairly to represent for each Year or Term of Age (which said Term does not exceed Five Years) the Rate of Contribution necessary to provide the respective Benefits intended to be provided thereby, and that they are in conformity with the Provisions of the Act passed in the Years of Her present

Majesty, Chapter and fairly represent the Interest of

Members entering at those Years or Terms of Age, without Prejudice to any; and that the said Tables are calculated on the Supposition that the Capital of the Society will realize at least per Cent. Compound Interest [if any Addition

has been made to the Rates of Contribution for Expenses of Ma-

<* nagement,

nagement, here state the same), and are founded on the Rate of Sickness and Mortality [here describe the same; and if the Data on which the Calculation has been based is published, state the Work and Date of Publication], upon the following Data:

Age.

Number out of which One will die in each Year.

Average Amount of Sickness annually experienced in each Year.

20

25

30

35

40

45

50

55

60

And I declare, that I have read the Rules of the said Society, and find nothing in them inconsistent with the said Tables, or which is calculated, in my Opinion, to endanger the Stability of the Society.

A.B.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Medical Certificate.

I hereby certify, That late of Street

died the Day of and I have no Reason to

attribute his Death to Poison, Violence, or criminal Neglect.

(Signed) A.B.

Profession

Day of . Residence.

Form of Coroner's Certificate.

I hereby certify, That I have held an Inquest on the Body

of late of, who was found dead; and the Jury have returned the following Verdict

And it does not appear to me that he has been deprived of Life by means of any Person beneficially interested in obtaining Burial Money from any Society.

Day of

A.B., Coroner.

3 U 4

1046

Cap. 115. Friendly Societies. 13 & 14 VICT.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Bond.

Know all Men by these Presents, That we A.B. of Treasurer [or Steward, $*<?.] of the Society, established at in the County of and C. Z).

of and G. H. of (as Sureties on

behalf of the said A.B.) are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to A.B. of, C.D. of, and

E. F. of the Trustees of the said Society, in the

Sum of to be paid to the said A.B., C. D.> and

E. F. as such Trustees, or their Successors Trustees for the Time being, or their certain Attorney, for which Payment well and truly to be made we jointly and severally bind ourselves, and each of us by himself, our and each of our Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, firmly by these Presents sealed with our Seals. Dated the Day of in the Year of

our Lord

Whereas the above-bounden A.B. hath been duly appointed Treasurer [or Steward, $*c.] of the Society, established as aforesaid, and he, together with the above-bounden (7. D. and G. H. as his Sureties, have entered into the above-written Bond, subject to the Condition herein-after contained: Now, therefore, the Condition of the above-written Bond is such, that if the said A.B. shall and do justly and faithfully execute his Office of Treasurer [or Steward, of the said Society established as aforesaid, and shall and do render a just and true Account of all Monies received and paid by him, and shall and do pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities and Effects, Books, Papers, and Property of or belonging to the said Society in his Hands or Custody, to such Person or Persons as the said Society shall appoint, according to the Buies of the said Society, together with the proper or legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and likewise shall and do in all respects well and truly and faithfully perform and fulfil his Office of Treasurer [or Steward, $*<:.] to the said Society, according to the Rules thereof, then the above-written Bond shall be void and of no Effect; otherwise shall be and remain in full Force and Virtue.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Heads of Information to be furnished yearly to the Registrars by every Society.

Return of Society, established at for the Year ending

Date of balancing Books in each Year

Members:—

Number admitted since last Balanoe Number died since last Balance Number withdrawn or expelled -

{Male Female Honorary -

Friendly Societies.

Cap. 115, 116.

1017

Sickness:—

Number of Members sick in the Year -Weeks and Days of Sickness

Male

Female

Income: —

Donations and Honorary Subscriptions Entrance Money -

Contributions for Sickness -

Contributions for Annuities -

Contributions for Sums on Death Contributions for Endowments -Interest received -

Total Income -

Total Capital of Society \Jiere state where the same is placed] -

Expenditure:* —

Sick Pay or Allowances Annuities

Death of (Member.

I Wives Endowments.

Extra Expenses Total Expenditure Observations:—

Day of in the Year

To be signed by Two Trustees, and Secret tary, Treasurer, or other Officer.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland; and to make further Provisions for the Division and Application of the Purchase Money.

[15th August 1850.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Ma- 10 & n Vict. jesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour °*24* of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset, and thereby the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were empowered, out of any Monies granted by Parliament for Harbours of Refuge, to purchase and to extinguish the Estates, Rights, and Interests claimed by the Tenants and Inhabitants of the Manor of Portland in, upon, and over the Common and Commonable Lands of the said Manor mentioned

Cap. 116. Portland Harbour and Breakwater. 13 & 14 VICT.

in the Schedule to the said Act, and to pay the Price for the same into the Bank of England to the Account of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales; and by the said Act it was enacted, that as soon as the said Monies should have been paid into the Bank as aforesaid the said Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, or any Assistant Commissioner appointed by them for that Purpose, should proceed to ascertain, determine, and award the Names of the Parties who were entitled to such Estates, Bights, and Interests in the said Common and Commonable Lands, and the Amount or Value of their respective Shares, Rights, and Interests therein, and the proportionate Amount of the Price to be paid for such Estates, Rights, and Interests to which each Party so entitled as aforesaid was entitled in respect of his Share, Right, or Interest as aforesaid; and the Award of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, under their Common Seal, or Assistant Commissioner, in Writing under his Hand and Seal, should be binding on all Parties churning such Estates, Rights, and Interests as aforesaid; and it was also enacted, that all Costs and Expenses of the said Inclosure Commissioners and Assistant Commissioner should in the first place be paid out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of England, and that the Residue of the said Monies should be paid and divided between and amongst the said several Parties to be named in the said Award, and in the Shares and Proportions to be ascertained and set. forth in such Award; And whereas the said Estates, Rights, and Interests were some Time since, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act in that Behalf, purchased for the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, the whole of which Sum was paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales: And whereas Nathan Wetherell Esquire was duly appointed by the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales an Assistant Commissioner for the Purpose of the said recited Act, and as such Assistant Commissioner the said Nathan Wetherell held Meetings in the said Isle of Portland for the Purpose of ascertaining and deciding upon the Claims of the several Parties interested in the said Purchase Money so paid for the said Common and Commonable Lands: And whereas at such Meetings the said Nathan Wetherell was attended by the Counsel and Solicitors of the said Tenants and Inhabitants respectively; and at One of such Meetings held on the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the said Tenants and Inhabitants, by their respective Counsel and Solicitors, came to an Arrangement or Agreement in Writing in relation to the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, which was signed on their respective Behalves by the said Counsel, and was to the Effect that Half the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds should be divided between the said Tenants according to the Rents paid by them respectively, and that the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, further Part of the said

1860, Portland Harbour and Breakwater. Cap. 116.

Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, should be applied for the general Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Isle, as the Board of Woods should decide, and that out of the remaining Five thousand Pounds of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and the Dividends and Interest upon the whole Fund until applied, the Claims of the Lessees of the Crown (if any) in the said Common and Commonable Land should be satisfied, and the Costs of all Parties properly incurred should be paid, and that the Surplus or Residue of the said last-mentioned Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and the Dividends and Interest, should be applied for the Benefit of the said Inhabitants, as the Board might further decide, and that the said Board should decide all Questions as to the Propriety and Amount of the Costs in relation to the Premises, in case the Parties should differ about the same, and that an Act, or Clauses in a Government Act, should be obtained for carrying out the said Arrangement, if requisite: And whereas, after the said Arrangement or Agreement was come to, the said Nathan Wetherell, by an Award in Writing under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, awarded that the Persons named in the First Schedule thereto were entitled, as Tenants of the said Manor, to Estates, Bights, and Interests in the said Common and Commonable Lands taken by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, and that the Sums written opposite the Name and Names of the Person or Persons so named was the proportionate Amount of the Price to be paid to such Person or Persons as aforesaid for their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests in the said Common and Commonable Lands, and that the Persons named in the Second Schedule to his said Award were entitled, as Lessees of the Crown, to certain Rights and Interests upon and over the said Common and Commonable Lands, and that the total Price payable to such Lessees should be Five hundred and fifty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings, and that the Sums set opposite their respective Names were the proportionate Amounts of the said Price to be paid to them respectively for and in respect of the said Rights and Interests: And whereas the total Sum so awarded by the said Nathan Wetherell as aforesaid, exclusive of the said Sum of Five hundred and fifty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings, was the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and the whole of the said Sums of Ten thousand Pounds and of Five hundred and fifty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings have actually been paid, in accordance with the aforesaid Award of the said Nathan WethereU: And whereas the said Lands are now in the Possession of the Crown, and used and occupied for the Public Service: And whereas Disputes and Differences have arisen amongst the Parties interested or claiming to be interested as regards the said recited Agreement, and the Appropriation of the Monies in pur suanoe thereof, and it is expedient that such Disputes and

1049

Acts and Payments done and made under Award confirmed.

Application of the 20, OCXV. and Interest

Mode of applying ultimate liesidue of the 20,0002.

Cap. 116, Portland Harbour and Breakwater. 13 & 14 VICT.

Differences should be set at rest, and that Provision should i be made for the Application of the Residue of such Purchase Money for the Benefit of the Parties interested therein who i have not hitherto received Compensation for their Rights and

Interests, and that all Acts and Payments already done and made under the said recited Act and Award should be confirmed, and that the said recited Act should be amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Award of the said Nathan Wether ell, and all Acts and Payments already done and made thereunder, or under the said Arrangement or Agreement, shall be and the same are hereby sanctioned and confirmed.

II. And be it enacted, That out of so much of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds as remains after Payment of the Monies which have already been paid or applied under or in pursuance of the aforesaid Arrangement or Agreement, or the said Award, or the said Tecited Act, or any of them, and out of the Interest and Dividends which have accrued and shall accrue in respect of the whole of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, or of such Portion thereof as shall for the Time being have been actually' unpaid, shall be paid all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incidental to the future carrying out of the said Arrangement or Agreement and Award, and to the obtaining of this Act, and carrying into effect all Acts, Matters, and Things by this Act or by the said recited Act (except in so far as the same is hereby repealed) sanctioned and authorized or directed, together also with the Costs, Charges, and Expenses properly incurred up to and inclusive of the Twenty-ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty by or on behalf of the Petitioners to Parliament against this Act, and in the event of any Difference as to any of the said Costs, Charges, and Expenses the same shall be ascertained and taxed by the proper Officer.

III. And be it enacted, That the ultimate Residue of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, Interest and Dividends, shall be appropriated and paid, or applied, laid out, or invested, in manner following; (that is to say, ) the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Part of the said ultimate Residue, shall be applied in or towards providing and constructing Wells, Pumps, Tanks, Reservoirs, and other Works, for the better Supply of Water to or for the several Villages in the said Island for the Use of the Inhabitants at large of the said Island, one Half of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds to be paid over for that Purpose by the said Inclosure Commissioners to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Island for the Time being, upon the Production by them to the said Commissioners of a Contract or Contracts with the said Churchwardens

1850.

1051

Portland Harbour and Breakwater. Cap. 116.

and Overseers by some competent and responsible Person or Persons for the Execution of such Works to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, and the other Half thereof to be paid over to the same Parties on the Production to the said Commissioners of a Certificate of a practical Engineer, or other competent Person, of the due and proper Execution of such Works, according to such Contract or Contracts, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, other Part of the said ultimate Residue, shall be forthwith invested by the said Inclosure Commissioners in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities in the Names of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being as Trustees thereof; and the Dividends and Income of such Investment (after deducting any Expenses attending the Transfers and Management thereof) shall from Time to Time be paid over half-yearly by the said last-mentioned Commissioners to the local Committee for the Time being having the Management of the Royal Portland Dispensary, to be by them applied, in such Manner as the said local Committee shall think fit and proper, in aid and for the Benefit of such Institution, and the Receipt of the Chairman for the Time being of such Committee shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners for such Dividends and Income; the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, further Part of such ultimate Residue, shall be forthwith invested by the said Inclosure Commissioners in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, who shall invest the clear Dividends and Income thereof, from Time to Time as they arise, in; the Purchase in their Names of Three Pounds- per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and accumulate the same in the way of Compound Interest until the last Day of July One thousand, eight hundred and fifty-two* and that thenceforth the clear Dividends and Income of the accumulated Principal Fund in such Annuities as the same shall arise, and also the whole or such Part of the Principal Fund itself as the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall in their Discretion from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands and Seal award and direct, shall be paid over by the same Commissioners to a Committee to be called "The Portland Ferry Bridge Committee," to consist of the Persons herein-after mentioned; and the Remainder of such ultimate Residue shall be invested and applied in or towards the providing and Endowment of Schools and School Buildings, and Teachers, in the said Island for the Education of the Children of the Inhabitants thereof for the Time being, at such Time or Times, in such Proportions, on such Terms and Conditions, and in such Manner, in all respects, as the Chief Commissioner of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal direct and appoint.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Portland Ferry Bridge Committee shall consist of the following Persons; that is to

Constitution of the Bridge Committee, auid

Application of Monies paid to them.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 70.

Mode of Election of the Inhabitants who are to be Members of the Bridge Committee.

Cap. 116. Portland Harbour and Breakwater. 13 & 14 VICT.

say, the Trustees, not exceeding Three in Number, named and appointed in and by the present or any future Royal Grant of Tonnage Money to or for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Island for the Time being, the Steward of Her Majesty's Manor of Portland for the Time being, and Five other Persons Inhabitants of the said Island to be from Time to Time chosen and elected in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and that such Committee shall from Time to Time pay, apply, and expend all Dividends, Income, and Monies which shall be so paid to them by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings as aforesaid (after deducting and retaining all Costs and Expenses), in and for or towards procuring and obtaining the Reduction from Time to Time as far as may be, or the ultimate Extinction if found practicable and thought desirable by the said Committee, of the Tolls payable for passing over the Bridge erected over the River or Water called The Portland Ferry under or by virtue of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Bridge over the River called The Portland Ferry in the County of Dorset, with proper Approachet thereto, and thereupon acquiring such Right and Title to and obtaining such Conveyance or Assurance of the said Bridge and the Approaches thereto, and the ancient Ferry over which it passes, and the Messuage or Toll House, Lands, and Hereditaments belonging thereto, and the Benefit and Exercise of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act for making and maintaining the same, upon such Terms and Conditions as shall by the said Committee be made and agreed upon with the Commissioners tinder the said last-mentioned Act* and according to such Rules and Regulations, and in such Manner in all respects, as the said Committee shall think most for the Relief, Benefit, and Advantage of the Inhabitants at large of the said Island of Portland for the Time being: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that the Reduction or Extinction of the Tolls charged and chargeable in respect of Foot Passengers passing* over the said Bridge shall be the primary Object of the Application of the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and the Dividends and Income thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That the Five Inhabitants of the said Island who are to be Members of the said Committee shall be from Time to Time elected and chosen, and their full Number kept up by new Elections as often as Occasion by Death, Incapacity, or Resignation shall require, by the Majority of the rated Inhabitants of the said Island for the Time being present at a public Meeting to be convened in the said Island by and held before the Steward of the said Manor for the Time being by at least Ten Days previous Notice in Writing under his Hand affixed at the principal outer Doors of the several Churches and licensed Dissenting Chapels in the said Island, and that the Meeting for the Election of sueb first Fite Persons shall be

1058

1850. Portland Harbour and Breakwater. Cap. 116.

held within Twenty-one Days after the said last Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Committee shall hold their First Meeting in the said Island on the First Thursday in the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and by Adjournment once at least in every Six Months thereafter, and shall at such First Meeting, and on the same Day annually afterwards, select One of the Members thereof to act as Chairman and One of them to act as Secretary, and the Secretary shall keep Minutes of all the Proceedings at the Meetings thereof in a Book which shall be furnished for that Purpose, and shall give Notice of all Extraordinary Meetings to each Member of the said Committee by Post at least Three clear Days before the same shall be held, and shall. therein express the Object of every such Extraordinary Meeting, at which nothing shall be done or transacted but what shall be so expressed, and any such Extraordinary Meeting may at any Time be convened and held either by a Resolution for that Purpose at a previous adjourned Meeting, or by a Requisition in Writing to the Secretary from any Two Members of the said Committee; and that all Matters which shall be brought before any of the said Meetings shall be decided by the Majority of Votes of the Members attending the same, and at any Meeting whereat the Chairman so elected as aforesaid shall not be present the Members attending the same shall appoint One of their Number to be Chairman thereof, and if upon any Matter there shall be an Equality of Votes the Chairman shall have a second or casting Vote: Provided always, that no Order, Act, Resolution, or Proceeding made or done by the said Committee shall be revoked, altered, or suspended unless at some subsequent Extraordinary Meeting to be called as aforesaid, nor unless there shall be at such subsequent Extraordinary Meeting a Number of the Members of the Committee equal to or greater than the Number present at the Meeting when such Order, Act, Resolution, or Proceeding was made, done, or passed; provided further, that no Member of the said Committee or the Secretary thereof shall be entitled to any Payment for the Discharge of their Duties as Members of the said Committee, or as Secretary, without Prejudice to their being reimbursed Money out of Pocket attending to such Duties as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Committee shall from Time to Time cause to be provided and kept by their Secretary for the Time being One or more Book or Books in which all Monies to be received and paid by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be fairly set down and entered, expressing the Time when and the Name of the Person or Persons to or from whom the same were so received or paid, and that every Year at the General Quarter Sessions of the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel at Dorchester in and for the County of Dorset the said Book or Books shall be produced and shown to the Justices at such Sessions, together with proper Vouchers

for

Regulating Proceeding of Bridge Committee.

Accounts to be kept by Bridge Committee.

Receipts of Bridge Committee to be sufficient Discharges.

Indemnity for Commissioners.

Indemnity to

Persons acting under this Act.

For Purposes of this Act Commissioners of Woods, &c« to be a Body Corporate.

for any Payments made, which said Justices shall state, settle, and balance the Accounts from the said Books, and finally pass and allow the same: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any One or more Inhabitants of the said Island to appear before the said Justices to be heard in the Matter of the said Accounts.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Receipts in Writing signed at any Meeting of the said Committee by the Chairman and any Two of the Members present thereat, and countersigned by the Secretary, shall be full Discharges for all Monies to be payable to the said Committee under this Act, and that the said Committee shall have and exercise all requisite Powers and Authorities for effecting and carrying out the Objects and Purposes for which the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds and the Accumulation and Increase thereof is and are hereby made applicable, and especially the Power to hold to them and their Successors the said Bridge, Ferry, Messuage and Toll House, Lands and Hereditaments, and Real Estate.

IX. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding anything in the said recited Act and Agreement or Arrangement, or either of them, contained to the contrary, the said Inclosure Commissioners may and they are hereby required to pay and apply so much of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds and the Interest and Dividends and the Accumulations thereof as has not been yet applied under the Provisions of the said Act or the said Arrangement or Agreement in the Manner and for the Purposes in this Act directed, and that the said last-mentioned Commissioners or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any or either of them, shall not be bound to see to the Application or be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of any Monies to be paid by them under the Directions in this Act contained.

X. And be it enacted, That every Commissioner, Trustee, or Person acting under this Act shall be charged only for such Monies as he shall actually receive by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding his giving or signing or joining in giving or signing any Receipt for the sake of Conformity or Compliance with this Act, and no One or more of such Commissioners, Trustees, or Persons shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them or for any involuntary Losses; and all such Commissioners, Trustees, or Persons may, out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act, retain to and reimburse themselves or himself respectively all Costs and Expenses which he, they, or any of them may pay or be put unto in or about the Discharge of the Duties by this Act reposed on him or them.

XL. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, and of all Matters and Things hereby authorized to be done under the Authority of this Act by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, they the said Commissioners for the Time being shall

1055

Portland Harbour and Breakwater. Cap. 116.

be and they are hereby constituted a Corporation by the Name and Style of "The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings," and by that Name, for the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall and may have perpetual Succession, and use a Common Seal to be by them from Time to Time provided and altered as they shall think fit, and shall and may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, and take Lands and Hereditaments to them and their Successors for ever for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Provision contained in the ProrUion in said recited Act relating to Cases where Parties entitled to Rights or Interests in the said Common or Commonable Lands m interest in are so entitled for limited Interests only shall be applicable to common to ex. all Cases under this Act and the said recited Act, Agreement, tend to this Act. and Award, or either of them, where the Sum payable in respect of any Estate or Interest shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall extend to all Cases where any such Sum shall be payable in respect of any Estate, Right, or Interest belonging to Parties under any Disability or Incapacity.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Sum As to Sums payable by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Act, Agreement, and Award, or either of them, in respect of any Estate, exceeding Right, or Interest, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and the sol Person entitled to such Estate, Right, or Interest shall be under any Disability or Incapacity, such Sum shall and may be paid to the Guardian, Committee, or Husband of such Person; and where any such Person shall have a limited Interest only in such Estate, Right, or Interest the whole of such Sum shall and may nevertheless be paid to the Person having such limited Interest, to his or her Guardian, Committee, or Husband, as the Case may be.

---

[Public Act.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

[INDEX removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1850.

